id,title,text,label
21042,Teachers in Peru return to class as strike winds down,"LIMA (Reuters) - Teachers in Peru started returning to classrooms on Monday after union leaders announced they should suspend a strike that had sparked unrest and dragged on for more than two months in some places. Teachers at public schools in Peru had sought a sharper salary hike than the government s 12 percent proposal for next year and opposed evaluation-based firings. But union leader Pedro Castillo announced a temporary end to the strike during the weekend after the government threatened to dismiss teachers who did not return to class. The strike threatened to force 3.5 million school children to repeat the academic year and had sunk President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski s approval rating as teachers blocked roads and clashed with police. The Education Ministry urged parents to work with teachers to set up schedules to make up for lost time. The government offered to introduce its proposed salary increase to a minimum of 2,000 soles ($618) per month in November instead of next year and said teachers 55 and older could retire early. Kuczynski s approval rating dropped 13 percentage points to 19 percent in August, according to a monthly opinion poll by GfK - a new low for the former Wall Street banker in his year-old government. ",1
21043,Kenyan election commission sets Oct. 17 as date for new vote,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s election commission on Monday set Oct. 17 as the date for a new vote ordered by the Supreme Court when it annulled an August poll won by President Uhuru Kenyatta. The election will feature Kenyatta who is running for a second term and opposition leader Raila Odinga, the commission said. A presidential spokesman said the government will not replace the election board ahead of the election, setting up a potential showdown between the government and the opposition. Kenyatta won the Aug. 8 vote by 1.4 million votes. The court on Friday said the election commission had not followed proper procedures and ordered it to hold a new vote within 60 days. It did not stipulate any personnel changes. The decision shocked some in Kenya and was seen by many as a step forward for democracy in the country because it appeared to set an example of judicial independence.  Odinga, who lost the two previous elections, welcomed the judgment and called for senior officials at the election board to resign and face possible prosecution. Spokesmen for Kenyatta and the election board rejected a change to the entire board.  The Supreme Court gave clear guidance on who will hold the repeat election. You cannot accept one half of the verdict of the Supreme Court and not the other,  said presidential spokesman Manoah Esipisu.  Andrew Limo, a spokesman for the electoral board, said the situation was complicated by the fact that the court would not release its full verdict until Sept. 21.  Judges read short remarks criticizing the process but did not go into detail, saying they needed more time to consider more than 80,000 pages submitted as evidence.  If you want to punish people, you must have a basis for it. But the only basis is the full judgment of the Supreme Court, which will not be out until 21 days,  Limo said.   Otherwise the commission could get into a position of defending itself in court from people who were dismissed.    Odinga s spokesman was not immediately available to  comment. ",1
21044,BRICS name Pakistan-based militant groups as regional concern,"XIAMEN, China (Reuters) - The leaders of the five emerging market BRICS powers have for the first time named militant groups based in Pakistan as a regional security concern and called for their patrons to be held to account. India welcomed the move   which came at a summit in the Chinese city of Xiamen   as an important step forward in the fight against militant attacks, of which it has been a target. Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa make up the BRICS grouping. China has generally been supportive of its ally Pakistan in the past. The group called for an immediate end to violence in Afghanistan.  We, in this regard, express concern on the security situation in the region and violence caused by the Taliban, (Islamic State)..., Al-Qaeda and its affiliates including Eastern Turkistan Islamic Movement, Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan, the Haqqani network, Lashkar-e-Taiba, Jaish-e-Mohammad, TTP and Hizb ut-Tahrir,  the leaders said in the declaration. Lashkar-e-Taiba is a militant group based in Pakistan which India blames for cross-border attacks including the 2008 assault in its financial capital Mumbai in which 166 people were killed.  Jaish-e-Mohammad, another anti-India group based in Pakistan, was blamed for a 2001 attack on parliament. India has long demanded that Pakistan take action against these groups. Islamabad denies any involvement in attacks in India including in the disputed region of Kashmir and said it is itself a victim of attacks.  Indian foreign ministry official Preeti Saran told reporters on the sidelines of the summit that wording in the communiqu  was a  very important development  and that there was recognition that the world cannot have double standards when dealing with militant attacks.  You cannot have good and bad terrorists, and it is a collective action. Members of the BRICS countries have themselves been victims of terrorism, and I would say that what has come of today acknowledges the fact that we must work collectively in handling this.  China is a close ally of Pakistan and has in the past sprung to its defense, especially when India tried to isolate its arch rival in international fora.  India s local media said naming the Pakistan-based groups in the BRICs resolution was an important win for Prime Minister Narendra Modi s administration which at last year s summit called Pakistan the mother ship of terrorism.  There was no immediate comment from Pakistan on the BRICs resolution. China, though, has repeatedly blocked India s attempt to get the head of Jaish-e-Mohammad added to a U.N. blacklist of groups linked to al Qaeda.  ",1
21045,Britain's Queen Elizabeth opens Scotland's third Forth bridge,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s Queen Elizabeth formally opened Scotland s biggest infrastructure project in a generation - the third bridge across the River Forth - on Monday, exactly 53 years after she opened the second.  The 91-year-old monarch met with workers and school children who had gathered on the bridge before cutting a blue ribbon to mark its opening, as a flotilla passed underneath and the Royal Air Force s Red Arrows display jets flew overhead.  The 1.35 billion-pound ($1.7 billion) Queensferry Crossing, the longest bridge of its type in the world at 1.7 miles (2.7 km), connects the capital Edinburgh to Scotland s north.  The Queen described all three  magnificent structures  crossing the River Forth, built in three separate centuries, as  feats of modern engineering .   The Queensferry crossing joins its iconic and historic neighbors to create not only a breathtaking sight across the Firth of Forth, but to provide an important link for so many in this community and the surrounding areas,  she said in a statement. Built with 35,000 tonnes of steel and 150,000 tonnes of concrete, the crossing reaches 210 meters (690 ft) above high tide, standing as tall as about 48 London buses stacked on top of each other. Barriers deflect the wind and shield vehicles from the huge gusts common on the Forth. ",1
21046,Arson caused fire at Kenyan school that killed nine girls: minister,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s education minister said on Monday that arson was to blame for a weekend blaze that killed nine pupils at a girls  boarding school, part of a rising trend of deliberate school fires.   It was not an accident, it was arson,  Minister Fred Matiang i said of the fire on Saturday at Moi Girls School in Nairobi.   The Kenya Red Cross said on its Twitter feed there had been three other school fires reported in different parts of the country on Monday. Many of the fires were set by students protesting harsh discipline, poor teaching and corruption, said Canadian Elizabeth Cooper, assistant professor of International Studies at Simon Fraser University, who spent four years researching the subject.  Students she interviewed complained about poor food, scarce teaching materials, harsh teachers, and management that ignored their concerns. Many compared their schools to prison and said they destroyed their schools so they could go home.   In one case, boys had drained water tanks and cut phone lines before setting fire to their principal s car and pushing it into his home.  They were angry that he had been collecting money from their parents for three years for a school bus, but had not bought it. If a pupil needed hospital treatment, the principal drove them himself and charged the family, she said.  In another case, girls smeared butter on their curtains and beds before setting them alight, Cooper said. Fires peak just before exams and mock exams.   The students always say,  no one listens to our concerns .   Around 350 Kenyan schools caught fire from 2015 to 2016, according to the government. This compared, according to one academic source, with 76 fires from 2011 to 2013. It was not clear how many fires were deliberate. Numbers for 2014 were not available.  Cooper said some schools set on fire have dismissed their principals afterward. There have been few successful prosecutions.  Kenya frequently sees deadly protests, including after the presidential elections held last month. Cooper said students sometimes cited violent protests by slum residents or university students that successfully publicized their causes, and sought to emulate them.    Students learn that authorities don t respond until they present a threat,  she said.  It s one way for voiceless citizens to be heard.   But Matiang i said some arson attacks were also related to fights over staff appointments in schools, where senior positions can bring financial rewards.    Some of the fires we have faced before in the sector are related to that kind of thing, politicization of school headship, politicization of responsibility in the education sector. It is not right,  he said in a televised press conference.  Kenya is East Africa s largest economy but unemployment is high and corruption is rife, making life difficult for many ordinary people.  Control of a school can mean not just a government salary but an opportunity to extort extra money from students and parents in fees or other charges.  ",1
21047,Malta-based charity group suspends Mediterranean migrant rescues,"ROME (Reuters) - A Malta-based humanitarian group that has been rescuing migrants in the Mediterranean for three years said on Monday it was suspending operations after months of rising tensions with Italian and Libyan authorities.  The Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) was instead sending its rescue ship, Phoenix, to the Bay of Bengal to take aid to Rohingya Muslims who have fled violence in Myanmar for Bangladesh, co-founder Regina Catrambone told Reuters by telephone. MOA is the fourth group to stop patrols for migrants trying  the deadly Mediterranean crossing in the past month. Last month, Doctors Without Borders   or Medecins sans Frontieres   followed by Save the Children and Germany s Sea Eye all suspended operations. They said their crews could no longer work safely because of the hostile stance of the Libyan authorities. That leaves Proactiva Open Arms, Sea Watch and SOS Mediterranee still running rescue operations. On Monday, the  Aquarius, operated by SOS Mediterranee with Medecins sans Frontieres medical staff, was the only rescue ship in the Mediterranean. Catrambone said MOAS does not want to risk having to take migrants back to Libya, where they are locked up for months or even years in overcrowded warehouses with little food, no healthcare and no idea of when they will be freed.  It s all too confused right now, and this confusion is not good for those people who pay the price with their lives,  she said.   We no longer have a definite knowledge that they will be taken to a safe port, and we don t want to rescue migrants and then be forced to return them to Libya, giving them a false hope.  Since 2014, MOAS has rescued or assisted 40,000 migrants in the Mediterranean. In August, MOAS for the first time conducted a rescue at the orders of the Libyan Coast Guard, but in that case the migrants were brought to Italy. Since Libyan strong man Muammar Gaddafi was ousted in 2011, Libya s Coast Guard vessels have fallen into disrepair, forcing Italy to take over rescue operations off the North African coast. Since 2014, some 600,000 boat migrants have reached Italy. But Italy and the European Union are training and funding the Libyan Coast Guard, and Rome now has a naval vessel in Tripoli s port repairing their ships.   Last month, a Libyan Coast Guard vessel intercepted a charity ship and ordered it to sail to Tripoli or risk being fired on   the latest in a series of tense encounters on the high seas.  Since July, there has been a sharp drop in departures from the Libyan coast, in part because of a shift in strategy of militias that control the region around Sabratha, the main point of departure for migrant boats for the past two years. Some 15,373 migrants arrived in Italy by boat in July and August, compared with 44,846 in the same period last year.  This year, NGOs have also faced accusations in Sicily that they were colluding with people smugglers, fuelling a political firestorm over Italy s immigration policy before a national election early next year. Some 13,000 migrants have died in the central Mediterranean since 2014 trying to make the crossing, including more than 2,200 this year, the International Organization for Migration estimates. ",1
21048,Putin on phone with South Korean president about North Korea: Kremlin,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin is currently discussing the North Korea crisis with his South Korean counterpart Moon Jae-in by phone, the Kremlin said on Monday. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov also told reporters on a conference call that it was easy for countries outside the region to talk of the possibility of a war with North Korea, but suggested other countries should be more cautious in their language.    It is very easy to say the word  war  for countries outside the region, but those in the region need to be smarter and more balanced,  Peskov told reporters. He was answering questions about the position of the United States, which has called for a tough response against Pyongyang and its latest missile test. ",1
21049,"Saudi Arabia seeks Islamic tourism boost in test for heritage, tradition","MECCA/RIYADH (Reuters) - A few steps away from Mecca s Grand Mosque, a dozen empty towers rise into the sky above the holy city visited by millions of Muslim pilgrims every year. Hilton and Marriott logos adorn the site, heralding the $3.2 billion Jabal Omar complex that is being built to bring hotels, restaurants and luxury malls to the pilgrimage experience.  All these hotels and buildings around the mosque will bring more business, God willing,  said Awad al-Arshani, beckoning customers into his Dates of the Two Holy Mosques shop. Pilgrimage is the backbone of a plan to expand tourism under Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman s economic reform program, announced a year ago to diversify the economy away from oil. The haj, a journey every able-bodied Muslim who can afford it must perform once in a lifetime, is a profound experience for those who undertake it. It is also big business for Saudi Arabia. The haj and the year-round lesser pilgrimage, umrah, generate $12 billion in revenues from worshippers  lodging, transport, gifts, food and fees, according to BMI Research. But there are still big questions about how Saudi Arabia will cater to its most active tourism market, especially as the kingdom eschews tourist visas. Pilgrimage visas currently bar travel outside the holy cities of Mecca and Medina. Authorities plan to relax the restrictions, but have not specified to what extent and have raised the visa cost for return pilgrims to more than $500. Most of the kingdom s tourism development so far targets the affluent end of the market, while the biggest and fastest-growing pilgrim populations come from modest means. Additionally, worshipping at shrines is considered idolatry under Saudi Arabia s austere official Wahhabi school of Islam and it is unclear which Islamic historical sites pilgrims might be lured to after years of neglect. The Saudi tourism commission has pledged to rehabilitate four sites in Mecca: Jabal al-Nour, Jabal Thawr, Hudaybiyyah and Mohammed s migration path from Mecca to Medina. But there is scant sign of any restoration in Mecca so far, said Irfan Alawi, founder of the Islamic Heritage Research Foundation. Religious police still sit outside some of the sites, shooing away pilgrims with warnings about idolatry, he said. Dozens of other sites were demolished to make way for the redevelopment. Pilgrims comprise the bulk of Saudi Arabia s 20 million annual foreign visitors, apart from workers and business travelers. Nearly 2.4 million came for this year s haj, up from 1.9 million last year, and 7.5 million performed umrah in 2016. Officials aim to increase the number of umrah and haj pilgrims to 15 million and 5 million respectively by 2020, and hope to double the umrah number again to 30 million by 2030. In addition, they hope pilgrims will be attracted to spend money at museums, luxury resorts and historical sites. Some pilgrims are encouraged by the moves.  We love this country because it s the cradle of Islam, the land of the revelation and the Prophet, peace be upon him,  Nasser al-Zein, a Turkish-German car dealer from Frankfurt, told Reuters as he performed haj.  We d love to spend our money here, more than in the West. Here, it s an Islamic country.  Others find the costs prohibitive.  The problem is the visa. If they were to extend it perhaps we could stay and visit places other than Mecca and Medina,  said Zawaoui Daraji, 50, a trader from Algeria.  The hotels charge you 25,000 riyals ($6,666.31) for your stay. It s too much for us,  he said. Such concerns have not deterred Saudi officials. Long before last year s reform announcement, they began investing tens of billions of dollars in mega-hotels, public transit and a Grand Mosque expansion in Mecca. The $15 billion Abraj al-Beit golden clocktower complex, completed in 2011 with seven towers of hotels and malls, already looms over the mosque. Joining it soon will be 40 new towers from the Jabal Omar development, begun in 2008, and the $3.5 billion Abraj Kudai complex, which will be the world s largest hotel and come complete with four rooftop helipads. A new airport in Jeddah and the high-speed Haramain rail system, both set to open next year, will whisk visitors between cities along the Red Sea Coast. Despite a funding crunch for existing projects in the last year, authorities have announced new leisure mega-projects outside the holy cities. One of these, the Faisaliah project, will run from Mecca s edge out to the Red Sea. It aims to attract 10 million visitors to seaside getaways and Islamic research centers by 2050. Further north, the Red Sea Project hopes to attract luxury travellers to island resorts and pre-Islamic ruins in a closed visa-free zone. The King Abdullah Economic City, one of the stops on the rail line, is planning resorts and theme parks, too. ",1
21050,U.S. will circulate resolution on North Korea this week,NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. envoy to the United Nations said Monday the United States plans to circulate a new resolution on North Korea this week and wants a vote next week by the Security Council. Ambassador Nikki Haley urged the United Nations to impose the strongest possible measures to deter North Korea from further steps on its nuclear program. She said the United States would engage in negotiations this week on the resolution and  said North Korea  has slapped everybody in the face  with its latest nuclear test. ,1
21051,South Korea's Moon faces calls to alter policy on North Korea after nuclear test,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea has been condemned internationally for conducting its most powerful nuclear test yet, but, across the border, South Korean President Moon Jae-in is also attracting flak for his policy of pursuing engagement with Pyongyang. Rebuked by U.S. President Donald Trump, Moon is facing growing calls at home to change course and take a tougher line against North Korea, even from his core support base of young liberals, according to hundreds of comments posted online. Moon, who swept to power after winning a May 9 election, remains hugely popular but his policy of pursuing both pressure and dialogue with the North is now under scrutiny. Trump was blunt about the situation facing South Korea, one of Washington s biggest allies in Asia.  South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they (North Korea) only understand one thing,  he said in a tweet on Sunday, after the nuclear test. Within South Korea, doubts about the  Moonshine  policy of engaging the North have been growing in recent weeks because there has been no change in the pace of the North s ballistic missile testing since Moon took office. The North twice test-fired intercontinental ballistic missiles in July. Now, despite international warnings, it conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sunday.  You said you will not have dialogue with the North if the North conducts a nuclear test. Keep your word,  said a post on the Facebook page of the presidential Blue House from a user named Kim Bojoong. Moon said during his campaign for the presidency that dialogue would be  impossible for quite some time  if the North were to go ahead with another nuclear test. However, Moon indicated on Sunday at a National Security Council meeting that he had not given up on using pressure to bring the North to the negotiating table, a sentiment he repeated on Monday in a telephone call with Japan s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.  Pressure must be strengthened until the North comes to the table for dialogue,  the presidential Blue House quoted Moon as telling Abe. Moon and Trump spoke by phone later on Monday, and the Blue House said the two agreed it was time to apply the strongest sanctions and pressure on North Korea and that stronger sanctions would be pursued at the United Nations. In another post on the palace s Facebook page, user Shin Sanggyun said:  We know things are tough for you, mister president, but our response to the North s nuclear pursuit has been rather feeble.   It is time South Korea start considering using its shipbuilding expertise to build nuclear submarines and junior aircraft carriers, Shin said. The Facebook posts were among hundreds of similar messages left on official social media maintained and monitored by the Blue House including its Twitter account and on the country s largest Naver.com web portal. Sentiment expressed on South Korea s social media, where users are predominantly people in their 20s and 30s, has been a barometer of political support for Moon, a former human rights lawyer swept to power by an anti-graft movement that brought down his predecessor Park Geun-hye. Moon s support rating has slipped slightly in recent days but he remains hugely popular. A public opinion survey by the Realmeter polling agency conducted two days before Sunday s nuclear test and released on Monday showed support for Moon fell by 0.8 percentage point from a week ago to 73.1 percent.  But support among youngsters was strong with Moon getting an 85 percent approval rating among people in their 20s. South Korea s conservative opposition parties said the Moon government s expectations about North Korea were unrealistic and isolating the country from its allies.  While the Moon Jae-in government made appeasement gestures and haggled for dialogue despite the North s continued provocations, we have become a nuclear hostage,  a senior Liberal Korea Party member, Kim Tae-heum, said on Monday. Moon s push for dialogue was bound to hit a dead end because Pyongyang never really considered the South as a dialogue partner, said Kim Jun-seok, political diplomacy professor at Dongguk University in Seoul.  They have to acknowledge us as a partner for talks, but all North Korea wants is to talk with the United States,  Kim said. ",1
21052,North Korea's nuclear scientists take center stage with H-bomb test,"SEOUL (Reuters) - Decorated by Pyongyang but blacklisted abroad, two scientists pictured with North Korea s leader ahead of Sunday s nuclear test play vital roles in the reclusive country s pursuit of a powerful weapon capable of striking the United States, experts say. North Korea s sixth nuclear test on Sunday showed the country has either developed a hydrogen bomb - which has vastly more destructive power than atomic bombs - or was very getting close to obtaining one. Photos released by the official KCNA news agency just hours before the test showed two men standing alongside leader Kim Jong Un as he inspected a new peanut-shaped warhead: Ri Hong Sop, head of North Korea s Nuclear Weapons Institute, and Hong Sung Mu, deputy director of the ruling Workers  Party of Korea s munitions industry department. Several North Korea leadership experts say they are part of a cadre of weapons experts at the frontline of the young leader s stated ambition: Developing an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) that can carry a nuclear weapon to the United States. Compared to his father Kim Jong Il and grandfather Kim Il Sung who preferred small working groups and middle managers to deal with weapons programs, the 33-year-old leader has been more personally involved with these scientists, the experts say, citing his frequent appearances with the technocrats at state events, weapons tests and field inspections.  It appears that Hong is spearheading the nuclear development program as a senior party official and Ri is in charge of nuclear tests such as hydrogen bombs on a working level,  said Yang Moo-jin, professor at the University of North Korean studies in Seoul, who monitors the country s hierarchy and leadership. Reuters could not independently confirm the precise role of the two men. The North Korean government does not provide foreign media with a contact point in Pyongyang for comment by email, fax or phone. The North Korean mission to the United Nations was not immediately available for comment. The two scientists have become increasingly high profile as Pyongyang s weapons programs have advanced at a rapid pace under Kim s leadership, a Reuters review of North Korean state media showed.     In January 2016, Hong and Ri were the first and second in line to receive medals personally awarded by Kim at a ceremony to mark the country s fourth nuclear test, state TV footage showed. Two months later, they accompanied a smiling Kim inspecting a silver-colored sphere, which the North said was a miniaturized warhead capable of being fitted to an ICBM.   The wider group of weapons technocrats includes a trio of rocket scientists who have accompanied Kim on several crucial missile launches, including two July ICBM test launches that showed much of the U.S. mainland was now within range.    Experts say Kim s hands-on approach may have contributed to faster development of its nuclear weapons and missiles, while allowing the scientists to develop personal links to the leader.  (Kim) Jong Un goes out of his way to show they have a personal closeness to him,  said Michael Madden, an expert on the North Korean leadership, pointing to Kim s frequent appearances with cadres engaged with its weapons program.   It s likely linked to the fact that (the scientists) are making huge accomplishments in this area, and thus making big accomplishments for Kim Jong Un as leader of North Korea.  Like the three rocket scientists, Ri and Hong have been blacklisted in recent years by the United Nations, the United States or South Korea for their roles in North Korea s weapons programs. The United Nations blacklisted Ri in 2009 citing his involvement  in the production of weapons-grade plutonium , while an expert UN panel this year noted Hong s  key role in the country s nuclear program  as it recommended he also be sanctioned.   Ri is a former director of Yongbyon Nuclear Research Centre, North Korea s main nuclear facility north of Pyongyang. Yongbyon operates the country s first nuclear reactors and its only confirmed uranium enrichment facility. Siegfried Hecker, a nuclear science professor at Stanford University and one of the last Americans to visit Yongbyon, recalled meeting Ri during his several visits there between 2004 and 2008. In one of these visits, Ri showed Hecker around the plutonium reactor and the radiochemical lab there. Ri  stated with pride  that North Korea s nuclear researchers have mastered plutonium production with no outside help, Hecker said in a 2006 report about his Yongbyon visit to Standford s Center for International Security and Cooperation. Hecker did not immediately respond to requests for comment about Ri or the North Korean nuclear program. In a statement carried by KCNA hours before the sixth test, Kim said all components of the hydrogen bomb were  homemade , allowing North Korea to produce nuclear weapons  as many as it wants.  Hong is a former chief engineer at Yongbyon and has been at the ruling party s munitions department since the mid-2000s. He rose to prominence after Kim Jong Un took power in December 2011 following the death of his father, according to South Korean government database. Hong, 75, has been seen accompanying Kim on nuclear tests and long-range missile launches since 2012, the South Korean database and pictures released by KCNA show. He was educated in central and eastern Europe and possibly in Russia as well, while Ri attended seminars abroad, North Korea leadership expert Madden said.  They are top-level officials and the last generation of those who studied in the old Communist world in the good old days,  he said. ",1
21053,Kenya to hold new presidential vote on Oct. 17: electoral commission,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya will hold a new presidential election on Oct. 17, a senior official at the election commission said on Monday, days after the Supreme Court nullified the vote held in August. ",1
21054,Fugitive Italian 'cocaine king' arrested in Uruguay,"ROME/MONTEVIDEO (Reuters) - One of Italy s most wanted mob bosses has been arrested in Uruguay after 23 years on the run from convictions for mafia association, drug trafficking and other serious crimes, the interior ministries of both countries said on Monday. Rocco Morabito was considered the most wanted fugitive member of the Calabrian  Ndrangheta, Italy s most powerful organized crime group and one of Europe s biggest importers of South American cocaine. The 50-year-old was arrested in Montevideo after Uruguayan police and Italian authorities worked together to determine his real identity, the Italian ministry said in a statement. Dubbed the  cocaine king of Milan,  Morabito had been wanted since 1994 after he was caught paying 13 billion lire ($8 million) to import almost a ton of the drug, Corriere della Sera newspaper reported.  Morabito entered Uruguay in 2001, and took up residence with his wife in the coastal resort city of Punta del Este, the Uruguayan interior ministry said in a statement. He was living there under the false identity of Francisco Antonio Capeletto Souza, of Rio de Janeiro, it added. Morabito was jailed in Uruguay for using false documents while Italy s request for extradition is processed, the statement said, adding that $50,000 in cash was found at his home along with 13 cell phones.     An international arrest warrant was issued in 1995 with the aim of tracking down Morabito and extraditing him to Italy, where he has been sentenced to 30 years in jail. The arrest ticks one member off the Italian interior ministry s five-strong list of the country s most-wanted organized criminals, on which Morabito had rubbed shoulders with feared Sicilian boss Matteo Messina Denaro.  ",1
21055,Britain says window to restore Northern Ireland devolution closing rapidly,"BELFAST (Reuters) - Northern Ireland s political parties are rapidly running out of time to restore a devolved power-sharing government, Britain s minister for the region said on Monday, as he sought to avoid a return of direct rule from London.  The window of opportunity to restore devolution and to form an executive is closing rapidly as we move further into the autumn and with pressures in public services already evident, the need for intervention is becoming increasingly clear,  James Brokenshire told a news conference.  I don t want to have to take this action, my intent is for politicians in Northern Ireland to form an executive. I m not going to pretend that this is easy as clear differences remain but it does remain achievable.   ",1
21056,Swiss ready to mediate in North Korea crisis,"BERNE (Reuters) - Neutral Switzerland is prepared to act as a mediator to help resolve the North Korea crisis, including by hosting ministerial talks, Swiss President Doris Leuthard said on Monday. Leuthard said Swiss troops were deployed on the demarcation zone between South Korea and North Korea and noted that her country - along with Sweden - had a long history of neutral and discreet diplomacy. This has included Switzerland representing U.S. interests in both Iran and Cuba.  But China and the United States had to take their share of responsibility, she added, warning against  over-reactions  after the North s sixth and largest nuclear test. Sanctions  did not change many things  in terms of convincing Pyongyang to abandon its weapons programs, even though its population had suffered, Leuthard said.  I think it really is time for dialogue,  she told a news conference in Berne.  We are ready to offer our role for good services as a mediator. I think in the upcoming weeks a lot will depend on how the U.S. and China can have an influence in this crisis. That s why I think Switzerland and Sweden can have a role behind the curtain.  Part of the task would be to find a suitable location for officials   perhaps the countries  foreign ministers   to meet, she said.  I think that s our role, to look at what kind of possibilities we find. Because, well, Twitter won t be an adequate instrument... This must be very discreet.  Noting that the Communist Party congress in North Korea s neighbor and ally China was due to take place in October,  Leuthard said the time for such initiatives was not ideal, so  perhaps this was also part of the plan of North Korea.  North Korean leader Kim Jong Un spent part of his youth in Berne studying under an assumed name. A framework agreement between North Korea and the United States, under the Clinton administration, was clinched in 1994 in Geneva after long negotiations. The deal by which Pyongyang was to freeze construction of its nuclear reactors, suspected of being part of its covert weapons program, in exchange for two light water nuclear reactors, unraveled in 2003.  North Korea is a worrying situation. We are a small country. Perhaps they could meet in Switzerland to find a political solution, not one with arms,  Leuthard said. ",1
21057,Russia's U.N. envoy calls for 'cool heads' on North Korea,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Russia s U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia said on Monday military solutions cannot settle the Korean Peninsula issues and warned there was an  urgent need to maintain a cool head and refrain from any action that can escalate tensions.   A comprehensive settlement to the nuclear and other issues plaguing the Korean peninsula can be arrived at solely through political diplomatic channels, including by leveraging the mediation efforts of the United Nations secretary-general,  Nebenzia told the U.N. Security Council.  ",1
21058,Cambodian leader gets China's backing as West condemns crackdown,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen won words of support from China on Monday after the United States and European Union condemned the arrest of his main rival and a widening crackdown on his critics before next year s election. A day after Kem Sokha was arrested in a midnight raid on his house, one of his deputies said donor countries should open their eyes to Cambodia s  false democracy  and put more pressure on Hun Sen. When asked about Kem Sokha s arrest at a press briefing in Beijing, Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said China  supports the Cambodian government s efforts to protect national security and stability.   Opposition politicians, rights groups and independent media have come under growing pressure as next year s election approaches. It could represent Hun Sen s greatest electoral challenge in more than three decades in power. One of China s closest allies in the region, Hun Sen has increasingly ignored criticism from Western donors, whose budget support is no longer as critical as it during the early years of his rule, when Cambodia was little more than a failed state.  We cannot allow foreigners to use Khmers to kill Khmers  any more,  Hun Sen said on Monday, referring to the Khmer Rouge genocide that destroyed Cambodia in the 1970s. Hun Sen, 65, is a former Khmer Rouge soldier who switched sides. Sokha was allowed to see a lawyer on Monday at his prison several hours from Phnom Penh near the border with Vietnam.  I may lose freedom, but may freedom never die in Cambodia,  Kem Sokha was quoted as saying in a post on Twitter that was repeated by his daughter, Monovithya Kem. The European Union called for his immediate release, based on the fact that he is meant to have parliamentary immunity, as an elected lawmaker.  This arrest suggests a further effort to restrict the democratic space in Cambodia,  the EU said in a statement. The U.S. State Department expressed  grave concern  at Sokha s arrest on charges it said appeared to be politically motivated. It said in a statement it was also worried about other curbs on media and civil society. Hun Sen has steadily increased his rhetoric against the United States, ending joint military exercises, expelling a U.S. pro-democracy group and on Sunday accusing Washington of conspiring with Kem Sokha. U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad Al Hussein said he was seriously concerned about the arrest, noting that it was on the basis of the video of a speech he had made in 2013 and which had been publicly available since then. One of Kem Sokha s deputies, Mu Sochua, said the opposition had done as much as it could and would not call for demonstrations because it believed in non-violence. She called on donors to help.  There isn t true peace. There has always been a false democracy,  said Mu Sochua, 63, who is one of three deputies to Kem Sokha in the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP).   The international community have been willing to close their eyes and play along with it. Right now all the red lines have been crossed,  she told Reuters in an interview in Phnom Penh. An independent newspaper that had often been critical of Hun Sen published its last edition on Monday, saying it had been forced to close after being given one month to pay a crippling $6.3 million in back taxes . Its final headline, on the arrest of Kem Sokha, was  Descent Into Outright Dictatorship . ",1
21059,Libyan forces attack Islamic State near former stronghold,"BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - East Libyan forces said they had launched air strikes on Islamic State fighters after the militants made incursions south and east of their former coastal stronghold of Sirte. The jihadist group has grown bolder in recent weeks, setting up temporary checkpoints, attacking local forces, and taking over a village mosque to lead prayers during the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha, Libyan officials say. The increased activity has raised concern that Islamic State could regroup around Sirte, from where it was driven out in December by local forces and a U.S. air campaign. Most militants were killed in the nearly seven-month battle, but an unknown number fled into the desert to the south and west.  Sirte lies at the center of Libya s Mediterranean coastline, on the dividing line between regions controlled by rival Libyan factions. Forces loyal to eastern-based commander Khalifa Haftar said they had carried out air strikes on Sunday against militants in the area of Ain Taqrift, between Sirte and the town of Zillah, 306 km (190 miles) to the south east. The area is close to oil fields previously damaged by Islamic State attacks.  Both Haftar s Libyan National Army (LNA) and forces from the port city of Misrata, which led the campaign in Sirte last year, say they are mounting frequent patrols to monitor Islamic State movements in areas under their control.  The LNA and Misratan brigades have been on opposite sides of a conflict that developed after the NATO-backed uprising that toppled Libyan strongman Muammar Gaddafi in 2011.  Islamic State exploited the turmoil to establish a foothold in Libya, taking complete control of Sirte in 2015 and using it as a base for hundreds of foreign fighters. Both the main loose alliances in Libya have accused each other of allowing Islamic State space to operate in order to advance their own military ends.   Misratan forces, which aligned themselves with the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli, have complained of receiving little support as they try to prevent the jihadists regrouping. Islamic State militants have stepped up their presence in several settlements east of Sirte, said Ibrahim Mlaitan, head of security for Sirte municipality. That included entering a local mosque to preach a sermon last Friday, he said.  They set up checkpoints that last just for 10 minutes and then leave. They have been moving around freely in and out of these towns, and in the desert too,  Mlaitan said.   Eastern military officials denied reports that Islamic State had taken control of one of the villages, Um Qandeel, but a military source acknowledged that the militants had set up checkpoints there during fleeting night visits.  The terrorist organization Daesh (Islamic State) from time to time tries to enter the coastal areas from the desert regions and they carry out kidnappings of civilians, and we are conducting surveillance on them,  said LNA spokesman Ahmed al-Mismari.  ",1
21060,China urges North Korea to 'stop taking actions that are wrong',"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - China s U.N Ambassador Liu Jieyi urged North Korea to  stop taking actions that are wrong  and called on all parties to  seriously consider  Beijing s proposal for a joint suspension of Pyongyang s ballistic missile and nuclear programs and military drills by the United States and South Korea.      We strongly urge (North Korea) ... stop taking actions that are wrong, deteriorating the situation and not in line with its own interests either and truly return to the track of resolving the issue through dialogue,  Liu told the U.N. Security Council.  North Korea conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sunday, which it said was an advanced hydrogen bomb for a long-range missile, prompting global condemnation and drawing a warning of a  massive  military response from the United States if it or its allies were threatened. ",1
21061,Factbox: Turkey's collapsing EU membership bid,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Sunday she would seek an end to Turkey s membership talks with the European Union. Here is a timeline of the most significant dates in Turkey s EU accession progress: * 1987 - Turkey, a member of the NATO military alliance, applies to join the EU s forerunner, the European Economic Community.  * 1997 - Ankara is declared eligible to start talks, after strong support from Britain, Italy and Sweden. They see the addition of a dynamic economy and a powerful player in Middle East politics as a benefit for the EU.  France, Germany and Austria are wary of admitting Turkey, concerned about the economic and cultural challenges of integrating a large, Muslim nation of 80 million people into the EU.  * 2002 - Turkey abolishes the death penalty, a basic  condition for joining the European Union. Turkey s Islamist-rooted AK Party wins a general election and vows to push for EU membership. * March 2003 - Tayyip Erdogan becomes prime minister and later says that Turkey  is very much ready to be part of the European Union family.   * October 2005 - Formal EU accession negotiations begin. * 2010 - Turkey s membership bid stalls over issues including the divided island of Cyprus, an EU member, which Turkey invaded in 1974. Pushed by Cyprus and France, EU capitals block the opening of new negotiating areas, or chapters.  * 2013/2014 - Erdogan  purges thousands of police and hundreds of judges and prosecutors over a corruption scandal he says was engineered by political enemies.  * August 2014 - Erdogan is elected to the post of president which he plans to transform from a largely ceremonial post to a powerful executive office. * October 2014 - The European Commission, the EU executive that oversees EU accession talks, submits its most critical annual report yet, warning of  serious doubts  about judicial independence. * March 2016 - The European Union and Turkey agree to revive accession talks, as well as negotiations over visa-free travel for Turks to the bloc, as part of a broader accord to halt record flows of Syrian refugees to Europe in return for financial aid for Ankara. * July 15, 2016 - A faction of the military tries to overthrow Erdogan, prompting international condemnation, including from the European Union. But relations with Brussels quickly begin to sour as Turkey purges suspected coup plotters on a huge scale. The Council of Europe rights body, of which Turkey is a member, says the purge is unconstitutional.  * March 2017 - Erdogan accuses Germany of  fascist actions  reminiscent of Nazi times after being stopped from holding political rallies in the country as he seeks support among the 1.5 million Turkish citizens there ahead of an April referendum. A narrow victory in the referendum gives Erdogan sweeping new powers that the European Union fears cements a new system of authoritarian rule and makes EU membership ever more distant. * April 2017 - The European Parliament calls for a formal suspension of Turkey s EU membership bid, which is now effectively frozen.  EU foreign ministers hold talks with Turkey s top diplomat Mevlut Cavusoglu in Malta. They say they are against annulling Turkey s decade-long bid for EU membership.  Privately, however, ministers raise the possibility of a new, looser agreement with Turkey on free trade, immigration and counter-terrorism. The European Union is Turkey s biggest foreign investor and biggest trading partner. * Sept. 3, 2017 - German Chancellor Angela Merkel says she will seek an end to Turkey s membership talks, in an apparent shift of position during a televised debate weeks before a German election. ",1
21062,U.S.-backed Syrian forces seize Raqqa mosque: coalition,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - U.S.-backed Syrian militias have taken the historic old city of Raqqa and its ancient mosque as they press their offensive to defeat Islamic State, the U.S.-led coalition said on Monday. The Syrian Democratic Forces, an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias, said last week it had captured the final districts in Raqqa s old city from Islamic State. With the help of U.S.-led jets and special forces, the SDF has been battling to capture Raqqa city, which Islamic State used as a base of operations in Syria. The SDF pushed into the city in June after fighting for months to encircle it.  The walled old city lies in the heart of Raqqa, but Islamic State militants still control districts in the west of the city. The SDF says it holds 65 percent of Raqqa in total.  The SDF have made consistent incremental gains in the urban terrain of the city, fighting block by block,  said U.S. Army Colonel Ryan Dillon, a spokesman for the United States-led coalition against Islamic State.  The statement said the SDF has cleared the Great Mosque of Raqqa, its oldest mosque, describing the advance as  a milestone  in the Raqqa battle.    SDF fighters have waged fierce battles with slow progress against Islamic State in Raqqa s old city since early July, when the U.S. coalition breached its walls with air strikes.  A war monitoring group, the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, said last week that the SDF held more than 90 percent of Raqqa s old city. ",1
21063,U.S. calls for U.N. to impose strongest measures on North Korea,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Monday it was time for the U.N. Security Council to impose  the strongest possible measures  on North Korea over its sixth and largest nuclear test because  enough is enough.   Haley said the incremental sanctions approach of the 15-member council to North Korea since 2006 had not worked and she described North Korean leader Kim Jong Un as  begging for war.    Despite our efforts the North Korea nuclear program is more advanced and more dangerous than ever,  Haley told the council.  War is never something the United States wants. We don t want it now. But our country s patience is not unlimited.  ",1
21064,Belgian army pilot found dead after midair helicopter mystery,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Rescuers on Monday found the body of a Belgian army helicopter pilot who had disappeared in a mysterious midair incident at a weekend airshow, local media said. Investigators are trying to determine how and why the unnamed pilot left the controls of his Agusta A-109 on Sunday and ended up dead hundreds of meters below. The Belgian Armed Forces said in a statement that the pilot had fallen from the aircraft but that the co-pilot, alone on board, had landed it safely. Public broadcaster RTBF, quoting public prosecutors, said the co-pilot told them he was watching three skydivers who had just jumped from the helicopter. When he turned back round, the pilot s seat was empty and the door of the aircraft was open. ",1
21065,"U.N. chief calls for united, 'appropriate action' on North Korea","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres  counts on the Security Council to remain united and take appropriate action  on North Korea, his political affairs chief, Jeffrey Feltman, said on Monday after Pyongyang conducted its sixth nuclear test.  Feltman warned the 15-member Security Council that  as tensions rise, so does the risk of misunderstanding, miscalculation and escalation.   The latest serious developments require a comprehensive response in order to break the cycle of provocations from (North Korea). Such a response must include wise and bold diplomacy to be effective,  Feltman told the council.  ",1
21066,Turkey's Erdogan presses world leaders to help Myanmar's Rohingya,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey s President Tayyip Erdogan said on Monday he was pressing world leaders to do more to help Myanmar s Rohingya Muslims, who face what he has described as genocide. Nearly 400 people have been killed in northwest Myanmar over the past week in insurgent attacks on security posts and an army crackdown. Aid agencies estimate that 73,000 Rohingya have fled to neighboring Bangladesh from Myanmar since violence erupted.  You watched the situation that Myanmar and Muslims are in,  Erdogan said in Istanbul, where he was attending the funeral of a Turkish soldier.  You saw how villages have been burnt... Humanity remained silent to the massacre in Myanmar . He said Turkey would raise the issue at the United Nations General Assembly in New York later this month. As current head of the Organisation for Islamic Cooperation, Erdogan had discussed the violence with around 20 world leaders.  There are some leaders we can achieve results with and some that we cannot. Not everyone has the same sensitivity,  he said.  We will do our duty,  Erdogan said, adding that Turkey was continuing to deliver aid to the region. Myanmar has urged Muslims in the northwest to cooperate in the search for insurgents, whose coordinated attacks on security posts and an army crackdown have led to one of the deadliest bouts of violence to engulf the Rohingya community in decades. The treatment of Buddhist-majority Myanmar s roughly 1.1 million Muslim Rohingya is the biggest challenge facing leader Aung San Suu Kyi, accused by Western critics of not speaking out for a religious minority that has long complained of persecution. Erdogan said on Friday that the death of hundreds of Rohingya in Myanmar over the past week constituted a genocide aimed at Muslim communities in the region. Hundreds more refugees on Sunday walked through rice paddies from the Naf river separating the two countries into Bangladesh, straining scarce resources of aid groups and local communities already helping tens of thousands. ",1
21067,Brazilian police target gangs shipping cocaine to Europe,"RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - Brazilian authorities were serving 127 arrest warrants in six states on Monday as part of a year-long investigation into international drug traffickers who have shipped at least six tonnes of cocaine to European cities, federal police said. Operating out of the Brazilian ports of Santos, Salvador and Itaja , the drug gangs sent the cocaine to Antwerp in Belgium, Gioia Tauro in Italy and Valencia in Spain, police said. The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) collaborated in the investigation, Brazilian police said in a statement. The warrants were being served in the states of S o Paulo, Minas Gerais, Santa Catarina, Paran , Rio Grande do Sul and the Federal District. ",1
21068,Colombian president confirms bilateral ceasefire with ELN rebels,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos confirmed on Monday that the government has agreed to a bilateral ceasefire with the ELN rebel group that will last 102 days.  The priority is to protect citizens, so during this period, kidnappings, attacks on oil pipelines and other hostilities against the civilian population will cease,  Santos said in a televised speech. ",1
21069,"UK police say cordon in Bolton lifted, package not suspicious",LONDON (Reuters) - British police said on Monday that a cordon in Victoria Square in the northern English town of Bolton had been lifted after a package at the site was found to be not suspicious. Greater Manchester Police had earlier evacuated the square as a precautionary measure while they investigated reports of a suspicious package. ,1
21070,"Syrian army, allies 3 km from Deir al-Zor enclave: state TV","BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian army and allied forces have come to within three km (two miles) of a government-held enclave besieged by Islamic State in the city of Deir al-Zor, state television said on Monday.  With a lunge through jihadist lines, the army and its allies are close to relieving the Euphrates city, where Islamic State has surrounded an army garrison and 93,000 civilians for years. ",1
21071,French foreign minister in Libya to push peace deal,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - France s Foreign Minister Jean Yves Le Drian was in Libya on Monday to meet rival political leaders and offer support for a deal aimed at stabilizing the strifetorn North African country. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Seraj and the divided nation s eastern commander Khalifa Haftar signed an agreement in Paris in July committing them to a conditional ceasefire and to work toward elections in 2018. The deal did not include other key factions. Western governments, worried about Islamist militants and smugglers thriving in Libya s chaos, are pushing a broader U.N.-backed deal to unify Libya and end the instability that has weakened the country since the 2011 fall of Muammar Gaddafi. In Tripoli, Le Drian met Seraj and planned to hold talks with Abdulrahman Swehli, a politician connected to some of Haftar s rivals who heads a parliamentary council in the capital, Libyan officials said.  Le Drian was also to visit Misrata, Swehli s home city and a base of opposition to Haftar, before heading to Benghazi to meet Haftar and to Tobruk to meet the head of an eastern-based parliament aligned with him.  The minister wants to consolidate this agreement by getting the parties not invited in July to support it,  said a French diplomatic source.  He wants to ensure that everyone is playing the game and lay the groundwork for elections.  The French minister s visit is in line with President Emmanuel Macron s push for a deeper French role in bringing Libyan factions together in the hope of countering militant violence and easing Europe s migrant crisis.  Our objective is the stabilization of Libya in the interests of the Libyans themselves,  Le Drian said in a statement in Tripoli.  A united Libya, equipped with functioning institutions, is the condition for avoiding the terrorist threat in the long term.  He said the Paris deal was meant to support the U.N.-backed accord for a government of national unity. Le Drian met U.N. special envoy Ghassan Salame on Sunday. The French diplomatic source said the visit would fit into efforts by Salame to announce a road map to elections during the coming U.N. General Assembly.  Seraj and Haftar clearly want to measure themselves in elections,  the source said.  Libya would likely need to agree on a new constitution or electoral law before elections, which will be a difficult task for the country s divided institutions. Organizing polls would also involve big logistical and security challenges.  Past Western attempts to broker agreements have often fallen victim to political infighting among rival factions and armed brigades vying for power in the OPEC oil producer. Seraj s government has struggled to impose control and its presidential council is divided. Haftar has refused to accept its legitimacy. He has been gaining ground, backed by allies Egypt and United Arab Emirates.   The ceasefire between non-terrorist elements is in general respected,  the French diplomatic source said.  Haftar s advances are accompanied by a strengthening of Seraj in the west so it s creating a fragile balance that encourages a compromise.  ",1
21072,Merkel ally cites thousands of cyber attacks from Russian IP addresses,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A top leader of German Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservative party said her website had been hit by thousands of cyber attacks   many from Russian IP addresses   before Sunday s televised election debate. German intelligence and government officials have often voiced concerns that Moscow could seek to interfere in the Sept. 24 national election, in which Merkel is widely expected to win a fourth term. Russia has repeatedly denied trying to influence foreign elections.  Julia Kloeckner, vice chairman of Merkel s Christian Democratic Union (CDU), said on Monday that her political website had seen some 3,000 attacks on Sunday before the debate between Merkel and Social Democratic leader Martin Schulz. Following a pattern seen in earlier hacks, the CDU s headquarters in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate, where Kloeckner is the party s leader, also experienced  massive attacks  ahead of the debate, she said.   Many of the senders have Russian IP addresses,  Kloeckner added.         German authorities have blamed a spate of cyber attacks  directed at the German parliament, individual lawmakers, political parties and political think-tanks since summer 2015 on APT 28, a Russian hacker group with links to Moscow. Kloeckner did not say how the attacks had been discovered or what form they had taken. Many recent cyber attacks targeted at German politicians and institutions have used phishing schemes that include attachments with malicious software.  Germany s BSI federal cyber protection agency said it was aware of the incidents and was in touch with the CDU headquarters in the state, a spokesman said. Officials with the headquarters of the CDU and the Social Democrats, junior partners in the ruling coalition, said they had not seen a wave of similar attacks on their websites. Hans-Georg Maassen, the head of Germany s BfV domestic intelligence agency, told reporters in July that Berlin expected Russia to try to influence this month s election and said he suspected that Russian President Vladimir Putin would prefer a different German chancellor than Merkel. Merkel backs continued sanctions against Russia for its actions toward Ukraine. Relations between Germany and Russia have been cool in recent years, although Germany is highly dependent on energy supplies from Russia. A spokesman for the German interior ministry told a news conference on Monday that cyber attacks directed at political parties had increased generally in recent months, but declined to comment on the latest incidents.  He noted the BSI had been working closely with politicians and parties to increase security. Experts said hackers were increasingly going after subsidiary sites such as those of local party branches in the hope of finding vulnerabilities. Tyson Barker, program director of the Aspen Institute Deutschland think-tank, said the attacks on a state-level CDU party infrastructure continued a pattern of hackers probing for potential weak links in the broader political system.   The main battle front in this hybrid war   in the U.S. as in Germany   will likely be in the states, not Berlin or Washington, said Barker, adding:  Those who thought Russian intelligence was going to sit this one out seem to have been proven wrong.    ",1
21073,"Frankfurt defuses massive WWII bomb after evacuating 60,000","FRANKFURT (Reuters) - German explosives experts defused a massive World War Two bomb in the financial capital of Frankfurt on Sunday after tens of thousands of people were evacuated from their homes. The compulsory evacuation of 60,000 people was Germany s biggest such maneuver since the war, with more than a thousand emergency service workers helping to clear the area around the bomb, which was discovered on a building site last week.  The evacuation area included two hospitals, care homes, the Opera House and Germany s central bank, the Bundesbank, where $70 billion in gold reserves are stored underground. Police maintained security at the building. The all-day effort took longer than planned but officials expressed relief that residents would start returning home before sundown and that the operation wouldn t disrupt business on Monday. The work by bomb technicians started later than scheduled because some residents refused to leave the evacuation area despite fire chiefs warning that an uncontrolled explosion would be big enough to flatten a city block. Police said they took stragglers into custody to secure the area. More than 2,000 tonnes of live bombs and munitions are discovered each year in Germany, more than 70 years after the end of the war.  British and American warplanes pummeled the country with 1.5 million tonnes of bombs that killed 600,000 people. Officials estimate that 15 percent of the bombs failed to explode, some burrowing six meters (20 feet) deep. Residents were instructed to leave their homes by 8 a.m. local time [0600 GMT], and more than a thousand emergency service workers helped to clear the area. Police set up cordons at a 1.5 km (roughly a mile) radius around the device.  Many residents left town. Others spent time in cafes on the edge of the evacuation zone. Museums were free, and many hotels offered discounts. The city set up a temporary shelter at Frankfurt s trade fair site, serving bananas and beverages.   The device was found last week in the city s leafy Westend neighborhood, home to many wealthy bankers.  Premature babies and intensive care patients had to be evacuated along with everyone else from two hospitals and rescue workers helped about 500 elderly people leave residences and care homes. Bomb disposal experts used a special system to try and unscrew the fuses attached to the HC 4,000 bomb from a safe distance. If that had failed, a water jet would have been used to cut the fuses. The bomb was dropped by Britain s Royal Air Force during the 1939-45 war, city officials said.  In July, a kindergarten was evacuated after teachers discovered an unexploded World War Two bomb on a shelf among some toys. Three police explosives experts in Goettingen were killed in 2010 while preparing to defuse a 1,000 lb (450 kg) bomb. ",1
21074,New Zealand's populist Peters garners attention as kingmaker in heated election debate,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - Neither major New Zealand political party leader on Monday would rule out appointing nationalist New Zealand First head Winston Peters as deputy prime minister as poll averages showed a neck-and-neck race for a Sept. 23 election. Labour s Jacinda Ardern and Prime Minister and National Party leader Bill English faced off in a fiery televised election debate, the same day tightening poll averages suggested each would still need New Zealand First to form a government. The leaders traded jabs as Ardern accused the center-right National Party of ignoring a housing crisis in its nine years in power, while English criticized his 37-year-old, center-left opponent of putting ideals over concrete projects.  You can t replace a plan with a vision,  English told Ardern. Labour has argued that New Zealand s economic growth rate, among the fastest in the developed world, on the National Party s watch, has masked growing inequality and strains on infrastructure.  Labour also says people are not seeing the benefits of growth, with wages still lagging behind living costs.  People ... feel like they are going backwards. And that s because they are. An economy should be about people,  Ardern said. Both party leaders said they would not make Peters, who would like to slash immigration and increase the central bank s ability to intervene in the currency, finance minister in their governments. Labour s soaring support since charismatic Ardern took over as leader on Aug. 1 may put it in a position to form a government without having to rely on the controversial nationalist party if its momentum is sustained. National, however, looks as if it would likely still be heavily reliant on the New Zealand First Party, whose support is also waning.  Although both major parties are open to forming a coalition with the populist party, Peters has not said which one he would throw his lot in with. Labour s average level of support in opinion polls rose to 39.8 percent, and the Greens  average was 6.2 percent, figures released by media on Monday showed, putting the two parties, which share a working agreement, comfortably ahead of National s 41.6 percent. A party, or combination of parties, needs 61 of Parliament s 120 members in order to form a government in New Zealand s German-style proportional representation system.  The averages suggest Labour and the Green Party would garner 57 seats, compared with National s 51.  If National happen to drop a bit further, they won t have any chance of forming a government because they don t have as many coalition options as Labour,  said Bryce Edwards, a political analyst at Victoria University in Wellington. Only weeks ago, outspoken Peters was expected to be the kingmaker in the formation of government after the vote. But a controversy over mistaken overpayment of superannuation to Peters has hurt his support, while voters have also been drawn to the newly invigorated Labour party. Although the average of polls shows New Zealand First remains decisive in the formation of the next government, the situation could change if its loss of momentum continues, analysts say.  New Zealand First s average fell to 8 percent, down from 9.1 percent on Friday.  Certainly New Zealand First, if they are somewhere in the 5 percent to 7 percent range, there will be a good chance of them no longer being a kingmaker after the election,  Edwards added. Support for the party fell to 6.6 percent in a poll released on Sunday, following a drop to 8 percent in another poll last week. Both polls were used to calculate Monday s average.    ",1
21075,UK looking at all measures to pressure North Korea: PM May's spokeswoman,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain is looking at all ways it can put pressure on North Korea after Pyongyang conducted a nuclear test, Prime Minister Theresa May s spokeswoman said on Monday, adding that peaceful diplomatic solutions were preferable. North Korea conducted its sixth nuclear test on Sunday, prompting a warning of a  massive  military response from the United States if it or its allies were threatened.  As the prime minister made clear yesterday ... our focus is on working with partners to increase pressure on Korea and find a diplomatic resolution to the crisis,  May s spokeswoman told reporters.  She said we want to increase the pace of implementation of existing sanctions and look at other measures ... It s our view in the UK that ... peaceful, diplomatic means are best.  ",1
21076,Mother's fight to discover fate of dead baby's body finds empty coffin,"EDINBURGH (Reuters) - A mother who has been fighting for four decades to find out what happened to her dead baby boy has discovered that his coffin has no human remains in it. Lydia Reid s son Gary was seven days old when he died at Edinburgh s Hospital for Sick Children in 1975, she told the BBC. Reid was a leading campaigner to expose how Scottish hospitals unlawfully retained dead children s body parts for research following a public enquiry into practices at Alder Hey Hospital in Liverpool, England in the 1990s, the BBC said.   Lydia Reid wants answers from people ... somebody coming forward to explain to her what has happened to her son s body,  David Short, a lawyer acting on her behalf, told the BBC on Monday. Reid has suspected for years that her son s organs were taken without permission, and thought the coffin was empty on the day of the funeral because it weighed so little. But she has had no proof of what happened to his remains until now, following a court order for an exhumation at Saughton Cemetery in Edinburgh.  I wanted to be wrong. I wanted to be called a stupid old woman but the minute (the forensic scientist) lifted the shawl out of the ground I knew there was nothing in it. Nothing,  she said.   My heart hit my feet and I didn t know what to say.  Reid has appealed to the Scottish health authorities and the funeral company to help her find out what happened.  They know what happened to my son, they know fine and well that they have that knowledge and they can give me peace.  Even if he s been incinerated I want to know. Even if he s lying in a jar in a hospital somewhere I want to know. If it s possible to get my son back, I want my son back. And if it s not, then at least tell me, and let me have peace.  Reid, now 68, said that after her son died and she asked to see him again she was shown a child that was not hers.  This baby was blond and big, my baby was tiny and dark-haired. This was not my son,  she said.  I objected but they said I was suffering from post-natal depression.  Jim Crombie, Deputy Chief Executive at NHS Lothian, said:  Our condolences are with the family of Gary Paton. This matter is now being looked into by the police and we are unable to comment further.  ",1
21077,Turkey says talk of ending its EU accession undermines Europe,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey s European Union Affairs Minister Omer Celik said on Monday that any talk of ending his country s negotiations for EU accession amounted to an  attack on Europe s founding principles . His comments came a day after German Chancellor Angela Merkel said it was clear that Turkey should not join the EU and that she would talk to other EU leaders about ending its stalled accession process. Merkel s main challenger in Germany s Sept. 24 national election, Martin Schulz, has also promised to push for an end to Turkey s EU negotiations if elected chancellor.  They are building a Berlin wall with bricks of populism,  Celik tweeted. Turkey will  keep going with its head held high as a European country and a European democracy,  he said. ",1
21078,EU heads toward tougher action on Poland after Merkel joins fray,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Germany s entry alongside France into a battle between the European Commission and Poland over the rule of law increases the likelihood of unprecedented EU action to punish Warsaw.   German Chancellor Angela Merkel abandoned her usual public restraint last week by criticizing Poland s governing Law and Justice (PiS) party, showing the European Union s executive has the firm backing of its most influential member. It may be a watershed moment in the dispute over an overhaul of the judiciary and other steps taken by PiS which Brussels says undermine democracy in the largest ex-communist EU state. Poland risks a reprimand under procedures known as Article 7 that have never been used before and would deal a heavy blow to its prestige, deepen its isolation in the bloc and diminish its ability to influence EU policies. Much is also at stake for the EU. The row has deepened divisions as the EU comes to terms with Brexit and failure to act against a member seen as flouting democracy could raise questions about its determination to defend its core values.  As much as I wish for good relations with Poland   they are our neighbor and I will always strive for this given the importance of our ties   we can t simply keep our mouth shut in order to keep the peace,  Merkel said in Berlin.   This goes to the very foundations of our cooperation within the European Union.   For a decade after it joined the EU in 2004, Poland was the  poster child of the bloc s eastward expansion as it was seen as faithfully upholding the EU s democratic values and its economy thrived. But relations have deteriorated rapidly since the eurosceptic PiS led by former prime minister Jaroslaw Kaczynski, long a political foe of European Council President Donald Tusk, won power in late 2015.  The Commission opened an inquiry into the rule of law in Poland in January 2016 after new legislation put more power in the hands of the Warsaw government, a move seen in Brussels as weakening democratic checks and balances. The main battle now is over reforms that the Commission says undermine the judiciary s independence, giving the justice minister discretionary power to prolong the mandates of judges at retirement age and dismiss and appoint court presidents. In another unprecedented development, Warsaw has also ignored a ruling by the EU s top court by continuing with large-scale logging in an ancient forest. Until now Berlin has let French President Emmanuel Macron take the lead on Poland since he took office last May. He says Warsaw is isolating itself and shunned Poland and its close EU ally, Hungary, during a recent tour of eastern Europe. But Merkel, who will seek a fourth term as chancellor in an election on Sept. 24, showed her concern by speaking out against Poland last Tuesday and by discussing Poland last week with the head of the Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker.  A diplomatic source said their talks included discussion of how quickly to proceed in the row with Warsaw. PiS denies accusations by the Commission, Western EU states, political opponents in Poland and rights groups that it is eroding democracy in the country of 38 million people.   Some EU politicians have made comments most recently that are unjust on Poland. That is why I want to stress that Poland is a democratic country, based on the rule of law,  Prime Minister Beata Szydlo said in video footage released last week. Filmed standing in front of Polish and EU flags, she said:  Let s not allow particular interests of particular countries to overshadow the chief current task, which is to guarantee security to the people of our continent.  The Commission has the option of triggering Article 7, which would mean asking all 27 other EU states to declare that PiS is putting democracy at risk.  But imposing sanctions would require unanimity among the other member states and Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban has made clear he would shield Warsaw from the maximum punishment   stripping it of its EU voting rights. Commission deputy head Frans Timmermans said last week he would propose opening Article 7 if Poland starts dismissing Supreme Court judges, adding:  We are very close to triggering Article 7.  But he also said Brussels was waiting to see what proposals Polish President Andrzej Duda makes on two judiciary laws, including on the Supreme Court, proposed by PiS after he vetoed them in July. Two others have been signed. His comments indicate Warsaw still has a last chance to escape Article 7. No formal decision is likely before the EU leaders meet for a Brussels summit in October at the earliest. One EU official said Article 7  is where this seems to be heading  but added:  Nobody likes to single out a member state like that. Everyone has their sins and this creates a dangerous precedent - what if you are going to be the next one?  ",1
21079,"Germany, France float new sanctions after North Korea nuclear test","BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany and France will ask the European Union to consult about the possibility of imposing heavier sanctions on North Korea after its latest nuclear test, Germany s government spokesman Steffen Seibert said on Monday.  It is exclusively North Korea, its leadership, and President Kim who are responsible for this provocation,  Seibert told a news conference, adding Pyongyang s ambassador would again be summoned to the Foreign Ministry.  North Korea is treading all over international law.  Berlin was in favor of a  diplomatic, peaceful  solution to the crisis, he said, adding this required a coordinated response from the entire world -  Not just the western world, but Russia and China too.  ",1
21080,India probes if shortage of oxygen supplies killed 30 infants,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Indian police are investigating whether 30 infants died for lack of oxygen in a northern state-run hospital, the second case within a month in which medical supply shortages have been blamed for the deaths of dozens of children. An underfunded, poorly managed public health system is in the spotlight after more than 60 children died in August in a public hospital in northern Uttar Pradesh, amid accusations that oxygen supplies ran out because of unpaid bills. Police launched an investigation on Sunday in the latest case after a government report blamed the chief medical officer and doctors at another institution in the northern state, Ram Manohar Lohia hospital, for the deaths of 30 children.   The infants died of  perinatal asphyxia  at the newborn care unit of the hospital in the state s Farrukhabad district between July 21 and Aug. 20, police said.  The probe officer was told by mothers that the hospital did not insert oxygen pipes (into infants  windpipes) after birth, and proper medication was also not given,  police said in the complaint, quoting the government report.  The investigation suggested that 30 of a total of 49 children died of perinatal asphyxia, police added in the complaint, seen by Reuters. This condition is caused by a reduced level of oxygen in infants just before, during or after delivery, depriving them of the ability to breathe freely. A district magistrate on Wednesday ordered the inquiry into the deaths of the infants, after media reports linked some deaths to oxygen shortages. He also ordered action against all the doctors involved in the deaths.  The district s chief medical superintendent, Dr Akhilesh Agarwal, denied there had been any lack of oxygen.  The hospital saved 121 of the 145 infants admitted in critical condition following their birth elsewhere, he added.   The rest died since their conditions were critical,  he told Reuters. Nineteen more babies were born dead in the government hospital, and the six remaining, from the tally of 49 in the government report, died of unspecified causes, he added, without elaborating. India spends about one percent of its GDP on public health, among the lowest in the world.  Successive governments have faced criticism for not reforming the overburdened public health system which is still plagued with a shortage of doctors and dilapidated infrastructure. In recent years, Prime Minister Narendra Modi s government has increased health spending and vowed to make healthcare more affordable. ",1
21081,"In shift, Merkel backs end to EU-Turkey membership talks","BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Sunday she would seek an end to Turkey s membership talks with the European Union in an apparent shift of her position during a televised debate weeks before a German election.  The fact is clear that Turkey should not become a member of the EU,  Merkel said in the debate with her Social Democrat (SPD) challenger Martin Schulz.  I ll speak to my (EU) colleagues to see if we can reach a joint position on this so that we can end these accession talks,  Merkel added. The comments are likely to worsen already strained ties between the two NATO allies that have deepened since Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan s crackdown on opponents in the aftermath of a failed coup attempt in July of last year.  There was no immediate reaction from Turkey which is in the midst of a national religious holiday. Merkel s comments came after Schulz appeared to surprise her by vowing to push for an end to the negotiations if he was elected chancellor in the Sept. 24 federal election.  If I become German chancellor, if the people of this country give me a mandate, then I will propose to the European Council that we end the membership talks with Turkey,  Schulz said.  Whether we can win over all the countries for this I don t know. But I will fight for this.  Merkel initially cautioned against such a move, saying it would be irresponsible to endanger ties with Turkey at a time when German citizens are imprisoned there. Twelve German citizens are now in Turkish detention on political charges, four of them holding dual citizenship.   I do not intend to break off diplomatic relations with Turkey just because we re in an election campaign and want to show each other who is tougher,  she said. But after the moderators had moved on and asked the two candidates a question about U.S. President Donald Trump, Merkel returned to the Turkey issue, suddenly throwing her weight behind an end to the membership talks. Merkel s conservative party, the Christian Democratic Union (CDU), has long opposed Turkish membership in the European Union. But the green light for membership talks was given months before Merkel became chancellor in 2005 and she has always said that she will respect that decision, referring to the negotiations as  open ended . The accession talks have ground to a virtual halt and EU leaders have stepped up their criticism of Erdogan. ",1
21082,Senior Chinese military officer questioned over suspected graft: sources,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A senior military officer who sits on China s powerful Central Military Commission, which is headed by President Xi Jinping, is being questioned on suspicion of corruption, three sources familiar with the situation said. Fang Fenghui had been chief of the Joint Staff Department of the People s Liberation Army until he was replaced late last month, with no official word on what had happened to him, whether he had taken up another post, or had retired.  Fang Fenghui was questioned regarding economic problems,  a source with ties to the leadership told Reuters.  Economic problems  is often used as a euphemism for corruption in China. Another source familiar with the situation said:  They ve detained him.   It s on suspicion of corruption,  said the second source, who also spoke on condition of anonymity.  The third source also confirmed Fang was being questioned. It was not clear if the questioning would lead to a formal indictment. Chinese officials are sometimes questioned informally and then released. China s Defence Ministry did not respond to a request for comment on whether Fang had been detained or was being questioned. It was also not possible to reach Fang or a representative for comment and it was unclear if he had been allowed to retain a lawyer. Fighting corruption in the military has been a focus of Xi s broader crackdown on deep-seated graft, a problem he has warned is so serious that it could affect the ruling Communist Party s grip on power. Dozens of officers have been investigated and jailed, including Xu Caihou and Guo Boxiong, both former vice chairmen of the Central Military Commission. Guo was jailed for life last year. Xu died of cancer in 2015 before he could face trial. The 11-man Central Military Commission is in overall charge of China s military, headed by Xi and made up of the most senior military officers. At a monthly news conference last week, defense ministry spokesman Ren Guoqiang declined to comment on where Fang was or if he had been given another position. Wen asked about Fang, Ren said:  we are not aware of it.  Fang turns 67 next year, an age at which many Chinese officials retire. His last public appearance was on Aug. 21, when he met a senior Thai military officer in Beijing. He also met Joseph Dunford, chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, on Aug. 15. Fang was also part of Xi s delegation that met U.S. President Donald Trump at Trump s Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida in April. The questioning of Fang comes ahead of next month s once-every-five-years Communist Party Congress, at which Xi will look to further cement his tight grip on power. The party has already begun a military reshuffle connected with the Congress, announcing last week new chiefs for the army and the air force. The official People s Liberation Army Daily said last month the military needed to be on its guard against corruption rearing its head again, warning that  the arrow cannot be put back in the quiver . Serving and retired officers have said graft in the armed forces is so pervasive it could undermine China s ability to wage war. The anti-graft drive comes as Xi steps up efforts to modernize forces that are projecting power across the disputed waters of the East and South China Seas, although China has not fought a war in decades. ",1
21083,Taiwan premier resigns to help shore up president's falling popularity,"TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan s President Tsai Ing-wen has accepted the resignation of Premier Lin Chuan, the ruling party said on Monday, a departure that had been widely expected because of the president s falling public support. Taiwan presidents often shuffle premiers in response to dips in popularity. Lin had faced mounting pressure to step down as Tsai s popularity plummeted to 29.8 percent by August, a private foundation survey has shown. When she took office in May 2016, her approval rating was as high as 70 percent.  The president has accepted his resignation after sincere talks,  Tsai s Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) said in a statement.  Under Taiwan s system, the president is the more important office, holding the jobs of commander in chief and head of state. The prime minister is appointed by the president to lead the cabinet. Tsai is likely to be looking ahead to her 2020 re-election campaign. Frozen relations with China, a backlash over pension reforms and a revised labor rule, among other controversies, have put pressure on her to replace Lin, in preparation for that campaign. Lin said the party had  reached a point where we must embark on the next stage of the mission .  So I ve resigned to pave the way for the president to re-organize her team and resources for that purpose,  he said. The presidential office said a new premier would be announced on Tuesday. William Lai, the popular mayor of the southern city of Tainan and a leading DPP figure, is widely expected to replace Lin.  A Lai premiership would not necessary help the president to improve her ratings, some analysts said.  They need a reboot, because current ratings for both are low,  said Alex Huang, a professor of Tamkang University, Taipei, referring to Tsai and Lin, adding that it must have been a hard decision for Tsai because of their friendship.  Lin is sort of biting the bullet to clear the path ahead for the president and the next premier,  Huang said. Some representatives of the opposition Kuomintang (KMT) have expressed scepticism that Tsai would build an effective partnership with Lai, if he did replace Lin.  I d like to see how they both work together,  said Lai Shyh-bao, a KMT legislator.  Both Tsai and Lai have reputations for being overbearing and domineering.  Lin has been criticized not just by legislators from the opposition, but also from his own DPP. Tsai had praised him as  a great communicator  when she introduced him last year. Lin, a close confidant of the president who retains her trust, could become the next central bank governor when current governor Perng Fai-nan retires next year.   ",1
21084,Not again! German media bemoan grand coalition scenario after limp TV duel,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A mood of pre-election apathy rippled through German media on Monday, as commentators concluded Angela Merkel s rival for chancellor had blown his best chance of depriving her of fourth term in office. With three weeks to go until polling day, several national newspapers taking stock the morning after a lackluster two-way televised debate concluded that a re-run of the grand coalition of Merkel s conservatives and challenger Martin Schulz s Social Democrats (SPD) was likely.  Angela Merkel and Martin Schulz barely showed any differences in their only direct face-off. Why don t we just set the grand coalition up again now?  magazine Der Spiegel said on its website, adding the debate would not have changed voters  existing preferences. That would be a continuation of the team that has governed Germany for the last four years. But that combination has in the past been viewed as a last resort, and surveys suggest a three-way coalition between the conservatives, Greens and the Free Democrats (FDP) as an alternative option. Polls over the past three months have consistently shown Merkel s conservatives holding a double-digit lead over the SPD - but the gap has never stretched so far as to give her CDU/CSU alliance a parliamentary majority. Polls showed Merkel was also the winner of Sunday s duel - a disappointment for Schulz, who had hoped he could use his only direct clash with her to turn his party s fortunes around.  We re at risk of another grand coalition,  read the headline in mass-selling Bild newspaper. It said while Schulz had tried to attack  the eternal chancellor , he had done so with velvet gloves, pointing out that he often said he shared Merkel s opinion. Bild said the pair had failed to differentiate themselves.  There were two professional politicians speaking and you just couldn t shake off the suspicion that both of them could work together in government without much friction,  it added. Local newspaper Berliner Zeitung newspaper s front page showed a scorecard that read 0:0 - a draw for both candidates.  It was supposed to be the first climax in the race for the chancellery ... But substantive accents were missing. Undecided votes were likely unconvinced by either of the candidates,  it said. The rivals  body language was also telling, it said, with Schulz smiling a lot while Merkel often looked  as though she was witnessing something that she didn t quite like.  Newspaper Handelsblatt said Schulz had not really attacked the incumbent chancellor, adding:  Martin Schulz doesn t want to be chancellor in September apparently but rather Angela Merkel s office manager.  But Berlin s Tagesspiegel newspaper said Schulz had scored points for taking more decisive positions on Turkey, pensions and the need to punish the German automotive industry for the diesel emissions scandal.  When it came to showing hard edges, Martin Schulz was more convincing,  it said, adding,  this evening may have changed things.  ",1
21085,"BRICS countries deplore North Korean nuclear test, oppose protectionism: draft communique","XIAMEN, China (Reuters) - The nations of the BRICS grouping strongly deplore North Korea s nuclear test but the problem over its nuclear program should only be settled through peaceful means and dialogue, they said in a draft communique seen by Reuters on Monday. In its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sunday, North Korea detonated what it said was an advanced hydrogen bomb for a long-range missile, prompting a vow of  massive  military response from the United States if it or its allies were threatened.  We express deep concern over the ongoing tension and prolonged nuclear issue on the Korean peninsula,  the draft communique said.  A formal communique, known as the  Xiamen Declaration , is expected to be issued at a meeting attended by heads of state from the five major emerging economies in the grouping - Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa - in the Chinese coastal city of Xiamen.  BRICS countries will continue to firmly oppose protectionism as they are committed to an  open and inclusive  multilateral trading system, the draft communique said. It emphasized the need to be vigilant in guarding against  inward-looking policies  that could hurt global market confidence, calling for BRICS countries to strengthen macroeconomic and structural policy coordination. It also called upon all countries to fully implement the Paris climate agreement, while pledging to enhance BRICS cooperation on climate change and energy and to expand green financing. The five emerging economies agreed to jointly establish a BRICS local currency bond fund, the draft communique added. ",1
21086,China says made representations to North Korea over nuclear test,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s foreign ministry said on Monday it had lodged  solemn representations  with the North Korean embassy in Beijing over the North s sixth and most powerful nuclear test. North Korea is clear about China s opposition to its nuclear tests, ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told a regular briefing, adding that China upholds talks as the means to resolve the Korean peninsula issue. The North said it tested an advanced hydrogen bomb for a long-range missile on Sunday, prompting a vow of  massive  military response from the United States if either it or its allies were threatened. ",1
21087,Indonesian minister to meet Suu Kyi amid protests over Rohingya,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia s foreign minister is due to meet Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi on Monday to discuss delivering humanitarian aid to members of Myanmar s Rohingya minority, as Indonesian protesters urged their government to take a tougher line.  Dozens of Indonesians protested outside the Myanmar embassy in Jakarta on Monday, calling for a cut in diplomatic ties with Myanmar over violence against its Rohingya Muslim minority. Aid agencies estimate that about 90,000 Rohingya have fled from Myanmar into neighboring Bangladesh since violence erupted in the north of Rakhine state last week.    We will discuss in detail Indonesia s proposal on how Indonesia can give humanitarian aid to Rakhine state,  Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi said in a video statement from the Myanmar city of Yangon. She is also scheduled to travel to Bangladesh to urge authorities there to protect fleeing Rohingya refugees. In a sign of mounting public anger in Jakarta, a petrol bomb was thrown at the Myanmar embassy on Sunday, causing a small fire. The protests follow demonstrations in Malaysia and condemnation from world leaders such as President Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey, who on Friday said the violence against Muslims amounted to genocide. The Rohingya are denied citizenship in Myanmar and regarded as illegal immigrants, despite claiming roots that date back centuries. Bangladesh is also growing increasingly hostile to Rohingya, more than 400,000 of whom live in the poor South Asian country after fleeing Myanmar since the early 1990s. Indonesia is home to the world s largest population of Muslims. Its government has been actively involved in providing aid for Myanmar to develop Rakhine state and protect the rights of the Rohingya, alongside the majority Buddhist community.     Ifah Rohma, an activist from a Jakarta-based organization called Muslim Friends of Rohingya, said many Indonesians as fellow Muslims were concerned about the fate of Rohingya.  Indonesia should not be engaging in soft diplomacy,  Rohma said outside the Myanmar embassy, which was surrounded by heavy security and barbed wire.  Now is the time to cut ties, recall our ambassador and expel their ambassador,  she said. Myanmar says its security forces are fighting a legitimate campaign against  terrorists  responsible for a string of attacks on police posts and the army since last October.     ",1
21088,South Korea sees more possible North Korea ballistic missile tests: defense ministry,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea s defense ministry said in a parliament hearing on Monday it was still seeing signs that North Korea planned to stage more ballistic missile launches, possibly including an intercontinental ballistic missile.  We have continued to see signs of possibly more ballistic missile launches. We also forecast North Korea could fire an intercontinental ballistic missile,  said Chang Kyung-soo, a defense ministry official.  The defense ministry was called by parliament on Monday to answer questions about North Korea s sixth and largest nuclear test that was carried out a day earlier. ",1
21089,Hong Kong scraps 24-hour BBC World Service radio channel despite criticism,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hong Kong s public broadcaster RTHK dropped a 24-hour BBC World Service channel from its airwaves on Monday, replacing it with state radio from China in what critics say is a sign of encroaching Chinese control in the former British colony. Tensions between Hong Kong and Beijing s ruling Communist Party leaders have grown in recent years, particularly over the  Occupy  civil disobedience movement in 2014 when tens of thousands of protesters blocked roads for 79 days demanding full democracy. Hong Kong returned from British to Chinese rule in 1997 with the promise of wide-ranging autonomy under a  one country, two systems  formula. An online petition, titled  RTHK: Give us back our BBC World Service , had been signed by nearly 1,000 people in a bid to keep the British broadcaster s round-the-clock programming, saying the switch would make Hong Kong  feel more parochial and inward-looking . However, Radio Television Hong Kong (RTHK), the city s main public broadcaster, went ahead with scrapping the exclusive BBC channel at midnight on Sunday. Instead, China National Radio - a state-run outlet carrying no sensitive or critical reporting on China - would be broadcast on its own RTHK channel. The broadcasts are mostly in Mandarin, rather than the city s main Cantonese dialect. Amen Ng, a spokeswoman for RTHK, told Reuters earlier there were no political considerations in the decision and said the Chinese broadcaster would enhance cultural exchanges. She said there would still be BBC World Service broadcasts, although only overnight from 11 pm to 7 a.m. and occasionally on weekends. Other RTHK staff said the move had been forced through without broader consultation.    Nobody knew anything about it. We were told in a meeting just before it was announced,  said a senior RTHK editorial employee who declined to be identified because he wasn t authorized to speak to the media.   People see it as a negative thing. The BBC is generally regarded as independent, and (Chinese) state media is not,  he said. Some listeners said the move could hurt RTHK s trusted place in the public eye with its self-professed mission for editorial independence, not unlike the BBC after which it was modeled.       I m quite disappointed. It s a shame but I don t know what we can do, seriously,  said Dorothy Tang, an IT consultant. Others said the move was in line with a gradual  mainlandization  of Hong Kong that has seen Beijing s creeping influence in many sectors, including local government, law enforcement, politics, education, the judiciary, and the media. Gladys Chiu, the head of RTHK s program staff union, said there had been several recent incidents that had challenged RTHK s editorial independence, including staff being heckled by pro-Beijing voices on radio talk-shows and at public forums.    Sometimes the pressure is very direct,  Chiu said. ",1
21090,"Moon, Abe agree to pursue strong U.N. sanctions against North Korea: Blue House","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea s President Moon Jae-in and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe agreed on Monday to pursue stronger United Nations sanctions against North Korea after Pyongyang s sixth nuclear test a day earlier, South Korea s presidential spokesman said.  Both heads of state agreed to cooperate closely with each other and the United States and shared the understanding there must be the most powerful sanctions and pressure applied on North Korea,  presidential Blue House spokesman Park Su-hyun told a media briefing.  And as part of that they agreed to push for more powerful U.N. sanctions,  Park said after Moon and Abe spoke for about 20 minutes by phone. The aim of stronger sanctions was to draw North Korea into dialogue, he said. ",1
21091,Japan PM Abe says aims to increase missile defense capabilities,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Monday Japan would do its utmost, in cooperation with the United States, to defend itself against missiles fired by North Korea and to increase its missile defense capabilities. Abe spoke at the start of a meeting of ruling coalition lawmakers a day after North Korea conducted its sixth, and most powerful, nuclear test. ",1
21092,"After political storm, Indonesia president faces economic clouds","JAKARTA (Reuters) - During the first months of this year, President Joko Widodo was an embattled leader grappling with Indonesia s most serious political and religious tensions in two decades. Now, he has come through the storm looking stronger than ever. His popularity is near record highs and, thanks to deft maneuvers against foes trying to exploit a blasphemy case against one of his allies, Widodo has stamped his authority on the ruling coalition, parliament and the security forces. The quietly spoken former furniture salesman may have proved his political mettle, but his next challenge is an economy that refuses to respond to conventional policies to fire up growth. That could dent his re-election chances in 2019, especially with a budget that won t stretch to lavish government spending. Senior government officials worry that Widodo has been distracted by the battles with political opponents and taken his eye off the economy.  We are suffering from bad policy right now ... if we don t fix it or we don t regain the initiative I could easily see GDP growth going down, and is that a risk you want to take?  said one senior government official, who asked not to be identified. According to a June survey, nearly 60 percent of people polled were satisfied with Widodo s performance, almost an all-time high. But the poll also showed high expectations that he would deliver on promises to revive the lackluster economy.  If he doesn t perform on the economy, that would give ammunition to the opposition to challenge Jokowi in 2019,  said Djayadi Hanan of the Saiful Mujani Research Center, a Jakarta-based pollster, using the president s nickname. Indonesia s GDP growth has shambled at around 5 percent for the past two years, too low to lift the country out of the middle-income trap, largely because domestic consumption - once the engine of the economy - and bank lending have been sluggish. An unexpected cut in interest rates last month highlighted the struggle to lift growth despite government initiatives, including a tax amnesty program, an infrastructure drive, and a series of regulatory tweaks designed to make business easier. The government has little fiscal room to breathe life into the economy: the budget deficit is already close to a legally mandated ceiling of 3 percent of GDP and parliament could impeach Widodo if he allowed the deficit to run past that limit. David Sumual, chief economist at Indonesia s Bank Central Asia, said a hike in electricity tariffs and slow disbursement of subsidies to farmers have weakened the purchasing power of middle- to lower-income households. Meanwhile, higher-income groups are worried that the government is pushing for aggressive tax reform that will leave them less well off.  The problem now is confidence in the prospect of the economy. People don t want to spend,  Sumual said. In his state-of-the-nation address last month, Widodo pledged to tackle income inequality by cutting red tape and making land acquisition easier to accelerate infrastructure projects. And last week he urged his cabinet to focus on attracting investment to boost growth and create jobs. But two officials who spoke to Reuters said they worried he was not matching his rhetoric with bold steps that need to be taken now for growth to be marching higher next year, when campaigning for the 2019 presidential election will begin. On the to-do list remains finding a way to rein in the overbearing dominance of state-owned enterprises on the economy, which was singled out by the World Bank in July as something preventing private funds flowing in. In addition, there is a need to speed up efforts to tackle a tortuous regulatory and licensing regime to lift investment, an area where Widodo said last week, during the launch of a new policy package,  there s so much we have to improve, so much to fix . Just months ago, Widodo appeared to be fighting for his political survival as political opponents joined forces with radical Islamist groups to foment popular fury over alleged blasphemous comments made by Widodo s ally Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, the former Christian governor of Jakarta. Amid massive protests in central Jakarta, there were rumors of treason plots and even a military takeover.  Beating the drum of Indonesia s  unity in diversity  motto, Widodo embarked on a frenzy of public appearances at military barracks, the homes of both political rivals and allies, and at moderate Islamic boarding schools - all aimed at projecting an image of unity and control.  He has been busy in the past six to eight months fighting back against destabilizing forces,  said Endy Bayuni, editor-in-chief of the most widely read English daily, the Jakarta Post.  He s showed that he is very much in control of the situation and has become even more mature as a politician.  Widodo s latest move to regain political authority took aim at hardline Islamist groups. By executive decree, he banned Hizb-ut Tahrir, a group that calls for Indonesia to be ruled by Islamic sharia law, saying its ambitions ran counter to the country s secular ideology. Such political dominance could provide Widodo with a false sense of security, the senior government official said.  The dark side of the story is ... the economy,  he said.  I think the biggest threat now, potentially   and it s the flip side of the incredibly strong political position he is in   would be complacency.  ",1
21093,South Korea to announce approval of environment report for THAAD deployment on Monday: official,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea s environment ministry will announce on Monday its approval of an environmental assessment report for the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile defense system in the country, a ministry official told Reuters. South Korea said in June that it will hold off installing remaining components of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) until it completes an assessment of the system s impact on the environment. The ministry will hold a briefing on the decision at 3:30 p.m. (0630 GMT) on Monday, the official said. ",1
21094,"Trump, advisers craft more orderly response to North Korea after latest test","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Sunday delivered a more orderly, less haphazard response than he has offered to other provocations by North Korea after Pyongyang conducted a powerful nuclear test that intensified the pressure on his young presidency. Trump s handling of Pyongyang s nuclear test reflected a more traditional approach to crisis management, which U.S. officials said illustrated the influence of the new White House chief of staff, retired Marine Corps General John Kelly, and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis. That included the tone the president struck in some early morning tweets. A meeting on the crisis that Trump convened on Sunday was limited to top aides and generals directly involved. In the past, according to administration officials, White House aides and others wandered in and out of such discussions,  contributing to an impression of policymaking chaos. After the meeting, Mattis, also a retired Marine Corps general, appeared before reporters, along with Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman General Joseph Dunford, to warn North Korea of U.S. military resolve. Trump himself was more restrained. Last month, he inflamed tensions by declaring that North Korea might face  fire and fury like the world has never seen.  When asked on Sunday if he planned to launch an attack, he said only:  We ll see.   North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success,  Trump said on Twitter. A U.S. official who has participated in the discussions of how to respond to the North s sixth nuclear test, which Pyongyang says was of an advanced hydrogen bomb, told Reuters the U.S. response thus far reflected an improved organization.  If today s meeting and the president s public remarks on Twitter, and the outreach to our allies and others by Rex and others is an early indication, the process is at least more orderly,  said the official, referring to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. The crisis is also presenting a test for Kelly, who officials said was trying to rein in the president s more combative impulses and place limits on who gets access to him. The Republican president has sometimes chafed at the restrictions his new chief of staff has imposed on the information flow in and out of the Oval Office in a bid to streamline the decision-making process, people familiar with the situation said.  You can t manage Trump like that,  said one outside Trump adviser, who predicted the president would eventually tire of the process. A second official familiar with the situation noted that  Kelly s influence extends so far.   The president is still the commander in chief, and he has his bully pulpit in Twitter,  said that official, who also requested anonymity to discuss internal White House matters. If there was a discordant note on Sunday, it might have been when Trump took to Twitter to admonish South Korea, a key ally, for what he termed a policy of  appeasement  of North Korea.  South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they (North Korea) only understand one thing!  he said on Twitter. A former senior State Department official criticized Trump for making the remark.  It was unseemly, unhelpful, and divisive to gratuitously slap our major ally at the very moment when the threat from (North Korea) has reached a new height,  said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. Mattis has a closer relationship with Trump than do Kelly, national security adviser H.R. McMaster and Tillerson, and had played the leading role in explaining to the president the military options and the dangerous implications of using any of them, the second U.S. official said.  It s no accident that it was Mattis who spoke to the media after the meeting,  the official said.  Both officials said Trump had been briefed on North Korea multiple times since taking office in January, but had pushed back against the idea that military action would be so costly that it should remain a last resort. Most military scenarios predict that a strike on North Korea would bring a massive missile and artillery response against South Korea and its capital, Seoul, resulting in mass casualties. For now, the strategy emerging in the White House includes greater economic pressure on China to step in to help resolve the crisis, officials said. Beijing denies it has sufficient influence on Pyongyang. The effort was signaled by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who told  Fox News Sunday  that he was drafting a sanctions package in which  anybody who wants to do trade or business with them (North Korea) would be prevented from doing trade or business with us.  China is North Korea s biggest trading partner. A recent round of U.S. sanctions targeted some Chinese financial institutions, but administration officials said a broader effort was being contemplated. Whether Trump would launch such an effort is far from clear. He has sought to impose tariffs against Chinese steel imports but has been persuaded by his advisers not to take such a step because it could start a trade war. ",1
21095,"Trump, advisers craft more orderly response to North Korea after latest test","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Sunday delivered a more orderly, less haphazard response than he has offered to other provocations by North Korea after Pyongyang conducted a powerful nuclear test that intensified the pressure on his young presidency. Trump s handling of Pyongyang s nuclear test reflected a more traditional approach to crisis management, which U.S. officials said illustrated the influence of the new White House chief of staff, retired Marine Corps General John Kelly, and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis. That included the tone the president struck in some early morning tweets. A meeting on the crisis that Trump convened on Sunday was limited to top aides and generals directly involved. In the past, according to administration officials, White House aides and others wandered in and out of such discussions,  contributing to an impression of policymaking chaos. After the meeting, Mattis, also a retired Marine Corps general, appeared before reporters, along with Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman General Joseph Dunford, to warn North Korea of U.S. military resolve. Trump himself was more restrained. Last month, he inflamed tensions by declaring that North Korea might face  fire and fury like the world has never seen.  When asked on Sunday if he planned to launch an attack, he said only:  We ll see.   North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success,  Trump said on Twitter. A U.S. official who has participated in the discussions of how to respond to the North s sixth nuclear test, which Pyongyang says was of an advanced hydrogen bomb, told Reuters the U.S. response thus far reflected an improved organization.  If today s meeting and the president s public remarks on Twitter, and the outreach to our allies and others by Rex and others is an early indication, the process is at least more orderly,  said the official, referring to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. The crisis is also presenting a test for Kelly, who officials said was trying to rein in the president s more combative impulses and place limits on who gets access to him. The Republican president has sometimes chafed at the restrictions his new chief of staff has imposed on the information flow in and out of the Oval Office in a bid to streamline the decision-making process, people familiar with the situation said.  You can t manage Trump like that,  said one outside Trump adviser, who predicted the president would eventually tire of the process. A second official familiar with the situation noted that  Kelly s influence extends so far.   The president is still the commander in chief, and he has his bully pulpit in Twitter,  said that official, who also requested anonymity to discuss internal White House matters. If there was a discordant note on Sunday, it might have been when Trump took to Twitter to admonish South Korea, a key ally, for what he termed a policy of  appeasement  of North Korea.  South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they (North Korea) only understand one thing!  he said on Twitter. A former senior State Department official criticized Trump for making the remark.  It was unseemly, unhelpful, and divisive to gratuitously slap our major ally at the very moment when the threat from (North Korea) has reached a new height,  said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. Mattis has a closer relationship with Trump than do Kelly, national security adviser H.R. McMaster and Tillerson, and had played the leading role in explaining to the president the military options and the dangerous implications of using any of them, the second U.S. official said.  It s no accident that it was Mattis who spoke to the media after the meeting,  the official said.  Both officials said Trump had been briefed on North Korea multiple times since taking office in January, but had pushed back against the idea that military action would be so costly that it should remain a last resort. Most military scenarios predict that a strike on North Korea would bring a massive missile and artillery response against South Korea and its capital, Seoul, resulting in mass casualties. For now, the strategy emerging in the White House includes greater economic pressure on China to step in to help resolve the crisis, officials said. Beijing denies it has sufficient influence on Pyongyang. The effort was signaled by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who told  Fox News Sunday  that he was drafting a sanctions package in which  anybody who wants to do trade or business with them (North Korea) would be prevented from doing trade or business with us.  China is North Korea s biggest trading partner. A recent round of U.S. sanctions targeted some Chinese financial institutions, but administration officials said a broader effort was being contemplated. Whether Trump would launch such an effort is far from clear. He has sought to impose tariffs against Chinese steel imports but has been persuaded by his advisers not to take such a step because it could start a trade war. ",1
21096,Trump reaffirms commitment to defend U.S. and allies,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe condemned in a phone call North Korea s  continued destabilizing and provocative actions,  following that country s most recent nuclear test, the White House said on Sunday. Trump also reaffirmed that Washington would defend itself and its allies  using the full range of diplomatic, conventional, and nuclear capabilities at our disposal,  the White House said.  The two leaders condemned North Korea s continued destabilizing and provocative actions, confirmed the two countries  ironclad mutual defense commitments, and pledged to continue close cooperation,  the statement said. ",1
21097,Stock futures dip after North Korea nuclear test,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. equity index futures dipped at the open on Sunday, as stock traders showed caution following news that North Korea had escalated diplomatic tensions by conducting what it said was a test of a hydrogen bomb. S&P 500 e-mini futures were down 0.36 percent, after electronic trading resumed on Sunday evening. The dip showed that traders were cautious but not overly spooked by news out of North Korea. Volumes were higher than normal, with 30,200 contracts changing hands.  Traders have been burned by overreacting to the news out of North Korea multiple times over the last month   most recently after missiles were shot over Japanese territory,  said Nicholas Young, a partner at Conventus Capital LLC in New York on Sunday.  Unless we get a real response from the U.S., the market seems desensitized to these items.   The 10-year Treasury futures were up 0.16 percent on Sunday. North Korea on Sunday conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test, which it said was of an advanced hydrogen bomb for a long-range missile, in a dramatic escalation of Pyongyang s stand-off with the United States and its allies. ",1
21098,U.N. Security Council to meet Monday on North Korea nuclear test,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations Security Council will meet on Monday on North Korea s nuclear test at the request of the United States, Japan, Britain, France and South Korea, the U.S. mission to the United Nations said in a statement on Sunday. North Korea conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sunday - in violation of U.N. resolutions - which it said was an advanced hydrogen bomb for a long-range missile. The 15-member Security Council will meet at 10 a.m. (1400 GMT) on Monday, the U.S. mission said.   North Korea has been under U.N. sanctions since 2006 over its ballistic missile and nuclear programs. Typically, China and Russia only view a test of a long-range missile or a nuclear weapon as a trigger for further possible U.N. sanctions. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Sunday that the members of the Security Council  remain unanimous in their commitment to denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.  He said any threat to United States, its territories, or allies would be met  with a massive military response.  The council last month unanimously imposed new sanctions on North Korea over its two long-range missile launches in July. The resolution aimed to slash by a third the Asian state s $3 billion annual export revenue by banning exports of coal, iron, lead and seafood. Diplomats have said the council could now consider banning Pyongyang s textile exports and the country s national airline, stop supplies of oil to the government and military, prevent North Koreans from working abroad and add top officials to a blacklist to subject them to an asset freeze and travel ban.   Japan urged Washington last week to propose new sanctions after Pyongyang fired a medium-range missile over North Japan on Tuesday. The United States traditionally drafts resolutions to impose sanctions on North Korea, first negotiating with China before formally involving the remaining 13 council members. Following the nuclear test on Sunday, Britain, Japan and South Korea pushed for new U.N. sanctions, while China and Russia said they would  appropriately deal  with North Korea. Daniel Russel, until April the U.S. assistant secretary of state for East Asia and now a senior fellow at the Asia Society Policy Institute, told Reuters:  We should expect an uptick in Chinese and Russian pressure on both North Korea and on the United States.   We should also expect  more of the same  from China (and Russia) in claiming that the U.S. is also to blame and calling on Washington to appease Pyongyang with front-loaded concessions and placate it with dialogue, despite the fact that North Korea is clearly only interested in dictating terms, not in negotiating,  he said. Any new sanctions would build on eight resolutions ratcheting up action against Pyongyang over five nuclear tests, four long-range ballistic missile tests and dozens of medium-range rocket launches. The past three substantial resolutions have taken between one and three months to negotiate.  A resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes by the United States, Britain, France, Russia or China to pass.  U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres condemned North Korea s nuclear test on Sunday as  profoundly destabilizing for regional security  and called on the country s leadership to cease such acts, ",1
21099,UK says defense commitment in Nordic and Baltic states won't waver after Brexit,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain will pledge on Monday that its commitment to security and defense in Nordic and Baltic nations will not change after Brexit, seeking to reassure states affected by what foreign minister Boris Johnson described as  Russian antagonism . The Foreign Office said Johnson would host a meeting of foreign ministers from eight countries, including Estonia, Sweden and Latvia, on Monday to discuss issues including Russia, NATO and defense co-operation after Britain s EU exit.  In an increasingly complex world, Britain remains a reassuring presence to its friends, especially those facing continued Russian antagonism in the north of Europe and the Baltic region,  he said in a statement ahead of the meeting. He cited the deployment British troops in Estonia, which in March reached around 800 personnel, as a statement that Britain stands by its allies  in the face of outside aggression  and of its commitment to NATO.  Britain wants a safe and secure world, and as we leave the European Union, we will continue to defend and promote our common interests, as we rise to any challenges we face together,  he said. ",1
21100,Mexico presidential hopeful rejects comparisons to Venezuela,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The current front-runner for Mexico s 2018 presidential election on Sunday rejected comparisons of his leftist party to Venezuela s socialist government, saying his movement was a Mexican-made revolution against rampant corruption. Former Mexico City Mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador has led early opinion polls for the 2018 election, supported by frustration with rising crime and corruption scandals that have battered the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).  Just last week, President Enrique Pena Nieto compared the 63-year-old to Venezuela s Nicolas Maduro, suggesting Lopez Obrador could unleash economic chaos if he wins office.  (They are) saying that if MORENA wins Mexico, it s going to be like Venezuela. That s a lie!  Lopez Obrador told a crowd of thousands of supporters who rallied at a monument in the nation s capital.  We re not taking inspiration from any foreign government ... Neither Maduro, nor Donald Trump.  Earlier this year, Pena Nieto s PRI sought to brand Lopez Obrador s National Regeneration Movement (MORENA) an ally of Venezuela. [nL1N1IX09K] Analysts have compared Lopez Obrador s populist appeal to that of Trump. While Trump blamed immigrants and free trade deals for declining incomes among working-class Americans, Lopez Obrador s message is that corruption is keeping Mexicans poor.  People are fed up with corruption,  Lopez Obrador said.  This is the cancer that we are going to end with our movement.  In his annual state of the nation address on Saturday, Pena Nieto did not directly attack Lopez Obrador but he said Mexico faced the choice between backing his reforms, like the opening of the energy sector, that were  transforming  Mexico or  a model from the past that has failed.  Lopez Obrador was the runner-up in Mexico s past two presidential contests. A victory by him could mark a leftward shift in Latin America s second-largest economy, where centrist technocrats have held sway for decades, and further complicate relations with top trade partner the United States. Maduro s government has been criticized by Washington, the United Nations and major Latin American nations for cracking down on protests and failing to allow the entry of foreign humanitarian aid to ease a severe economic crisis. Critics of Lopez Obrador have long sought to depict him as an economic liability, likening him to Maduro s fiery, late predecessor, Hugo Chavez, in previous runs for the presidency.  Pena Nieto told pure lies. He says all these things, but it s all corruption,  said 71-year-old Ana Maria Hurtado as she stood among the crowd at the Lopez Obrador rally. ",1
21101,Merkel emerges as clear winner of only TV debate: poll,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel emerged as the clear winner of the only television debate with her center-left challenger Martin Schulz three weeks before a federal election, a poll showed on Sunday. The survey by Infratest Dimap for ARD television showed that 49 percent viewed Merkel as being more credible while 29 percent favored Schulz. Merkel s overall performance was viewed as more convincing by 55 percent, compared to 35 percent for Schulz. ",1
21102,Dozens of prisoners on the run in central Ivory Coast,"ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Close to 100 prisoners escaped from prison in central Ivory Coast on Sunday in one of many security breaches in the West African economic powerhouse this year, state radio said. Ninety-six prisoners escaped from the Katiola facility at dawn while the gate was open temporarily to allow them to do chores in the vicinity, the radio station said. About 10 have since been recaptured. The jail break follows a similar escape this month in the commercial capital Abidjan when 20 people fled after assaulting police officers in a court house. In other incidents, weapons were stolen and in one case an officer was killed.  It was not immediately clear if there had been any violence at Katiola, located about 400 km inland from the Atlantic coast. Government officials were not immediately available for comment. A series of military mutinies this year has threatened to derail a fragile peace in Ivory Coast, the world s leading cocoa producer, which emerged from a decade of turmoil and a 2011 civil war as one of the world s fastest-growing economies. ",1
21103,Germany's Merkel ahead of SPD rival in TV debate: polls,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel made a better impression on voters in a television debate on Sunday than her center-left challenger Martin Schulz, a flash survey by broadcaster ZDF showed. The poll, conducted by Forschungsgruppe Wahlen during the first half of the debate and published shortly after it had finished, showed that Merkel was viewed as more credible by 33 percent compared to 17 percent for Schulz. According to a separate poll by Infratest Dimap for ARD television, Merkel came across as more competent, credible and likeable than Schulz. The only category where Schulz scored higher was for being more combative. ",1
21104,Trump rebukes South Korea after North Korean bomb test,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump admonished South Korea, a key ally, for what he termed a policy of  appeasement  after North Korea claimed to have tested an advanced hydrogen bomb for a long-range missile on Sunday.  On Twitter, Trump said:  South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they (North Korea) only understand one thing!  It was the latest signal that Trump is losing patience with the international community s response to the increasingly belligerent regime of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. Last week, Trump tweeted that  talking is not the answer  in terms of dealing with Pyongyang.  On Sunday, Trump also tweeted that North Korea s  words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States  and said the regime  has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success.  The White House said Trump s national security team was  monitoring this closely  and that the president would convene a meeting of his advisers later on Sunday.   North Korea said it had tested an advanced hydrogen bomb for a long-range missile on Sunday, setting off a manmade earthquake near the test. Japanese and South Korean officials said that tremor was about 10 times more powerful than the one picked up after the nation s last nuclear test a year ago. There was no independent confirmation that the detonation was a hydrogen bomb rather than a less powerful atomic weapon of the kind Pyongyang has tested in the past. In his tweet on Sunday, Trump appeared to be blaming South Korea for a policy it abandoned years ago of trying to soften North Korea s posture through economic aid.  South Korea s new president, Moon Jae-in, has argued for continuing dialogue with its neighbor over its nuclear program, while also supporting international sanctions.  Reports that the United States is considering pulling out of its trade deal with South Korea has also ratcheted up tensions with the country.  Despite Trump s tweets, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin suggested the United States would continue to attempt to pressure North Korea economically.  Mnuchin said on Sunday that he would put together a package of new sanctions to potentially cut off all global trade with Pyongyang.   If countries want to do business with the United States, they obviously will be working with our allies and others to cut off North Korea economically,  Mnuchin said on  Fox News Sunday.  Trump s cabinet has at times tried to show the president s tweets are not shifts in official U.S. policy. Last week, after Trump said that  talking is not the answer,  Defense Secretary James Mattis followed up by saying:  We re never out of diplomatic solutions.  Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson has previously suggested that the United States would be open to talks with North Korea if it ceased its missile tests and met other conditions.  Senator Jeff Flake, a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said on CNN s  State of the Union  on Sunday that the United States had no good options when it came to North Korea.  Obviously the test yesterday shows they are further along than everyone figured,  said Flake, a Republican. He said sanctions did not appear to have slowed the advance of North Korea s nuclear program,  but I don t think harsh rhetoric does either.  Often critical of Trump, Flake declined to address his comment about South Korea s  talk of appeasement,  but said:  I think South Korea will be with us whatever we decide.  ",1
21105,German SPD leader says EU must stop accession talks with Turkey,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s Social Democrat (SPD) leader Martin Schulz told a television debate with Chancellor Angela Merkel that he would stop Turkey s bid to join the European Union if he was elected leader of Europe s most populous country.  When I m chancellor, I ll cancel ... the accession talks of Turkey with the European Union,  Schulz said in the debate.  No German citizen can travel safely to Turkey anymore,  Schulz said, referring to the detention of 12 German citizens on political charges in the past months.  Whoever is the next chancellor has the task to tell Turkey in order to protect the Federal Republic of Germany: all red lines have now been crossed, and therefore this country can no longer become a member of the EU,  Schulz said. Merkel repeated her standard position that she was in favour of stopping further discussions with Ankara about its participation in a EU customs union. But she cautioned against pulling the plug on Turkey s accession talks right now, adding such a step should be considered cautiously. ",1
21106,"Iran says jailed U.S. student, dual nationals lose spying appeal","DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran confirmed on Sunday that an appeals court had upheld 10-year jail terms against a U.S. citizen, two Iranian-Americans and a U.S. resident from Lebanon who had been convicted on spying charges. In July, U.S. President Donald Trump warned that Iran would face  new and serious consequences  unless all  unjustly detained  American citizens were released and returned. Tehran prosecutor Abbas Jafari Dolatabadi identified the four as Princeton University student Xiyue Wang, Iranian-American businessman Siamak Namazi and his elderly father Baquer and Nizar Zakka, a Lebanese citizen with permanent U.S. residency, the judiciary s official news website reported.  In Washington, Jared Genser, a lawyer for the Namazis, said in a statement carried by U.S. media last week that their family was informed that a Tehran court had upheld the convictions days earlier. Earlier in August, Princeton University and the wife of Wang, a history doctoral student and U.S. citizen, said they had been informed that Iranian authorities had denied the appeal. Wang was conducting dissertation research in Iran in 2016 when he was detained and charged with  spying under the cover of research , an accusation his family and university denied.  Iran sentenced Zakka, a Lebanese citizen with permanent U.S. residency, to 10 years in prison and a $4.2 million fine in 2016 after he was found guilty of collaborating against the state, according to his U.S.-based lawyer. Zakka, an information technology expert, had been invited to Iran by a government official a year earlier, but then disappeared after attending a conference in Tehran.  Iran s 2015 nuclear deal with world powers lifted most international sanctions and promised Iran s reintegration into the global community in exchange for curbs on its nuclear programme. The potential detente with the West has alarmed Iranian hardliners, who have seen a flood of European trade and investment delegations arrive in Tehran to discuss possible deals, according to Iran experts. Security officials have arrested dozens of artists, journalists and businessmen, including Iranians holding joint American, European or Canadian citizenship, as part of a crackdown on  Western infiltration . The arrests have undermined President Hassan Rouhani s goals of reviving business and political ties with the West, as well as pushing for more political and social reforms at home, Iran experts and observers said. A number of Iranian dual nationals from the United States, Britain, Austria, Canada and France have been detained in the past year and are being kept behind bars on charges including espionage and collaborating with hostile governments. According to former prisoners, families of current ones, and diplomats, in some cases the detainees are kept to be used for a prisoner exchange with Western countries.  In January 2016, the United States and Iran reached a historic prisoner swap deal that saw Iranians held or charged in the United States, mostly for sanctions violations, released in return for Americans imprisoned in Iran. ",1
21107,Kenya opposition leader Odinga says he will not share power,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s opposition leader Raila Odinga said on Sunday that his coalition will not share power, two days after the Supreme Court annulled last month s presidential election and ordered a new poll within 60 days.  The court ruled on Friday that the election board had committed irregularities that rendered the Aug. 8 vote invalid, and overturned incumbent President Uhuru Kenyatta s victory. The ruling set up a new race between Kenyatta, 55, and veteran opponent Odinga, 72, and tension between the two camps has since been rising.  We will not share power,  Odinga said, speaking in Kiswahili outside a church in Nairobi.  We will not divide the loaf,  he said, a local reference to power.  Odinga, who also contested the presidential election in 2007 and 2013, repeated his statement after Friday s court ruling that the opposition would not participate in the re-run of the poll without changes to the election commission. On Friday he had called for the commission to resign and face criminal prosecution. Speaking at a rally in Nairobi attended by thousands of his supporters, he said:  We have said that you cannot force Kenyans to go to the polls that (are) being supervised by thieves.  We will not accept (this),  he said.  We will only go to the elections when we are sure that the ones organizing the elections are people who will not side with one side or the other.      Kenyatta insists the poll should be re-run with the current electoral board.   Though Kenyatta pledged to respect the court s ruling he has, since Friday, referred to justices as  crooks .  ",1
21108,"U.N. chief condemns N.Korea nuclear test, says  it is 'profoundly destabilizing'","(Reuters) - United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres condemned North Korea s nuclear test on Sunday as  profoundly destabilizing for regional security  and called on the country s leadership to cease such acts, his spokesman said in a statement.  This act is yet another serious breach of the DPRK s international obligations and undermines international non-proliferation and disarmament efforts. This act is also profoundly destabilizing for regional security,  U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric said.  North Korea is also known as the DPRK. ",1
21109,EU's Tusk says ready to ramp up sanctions against North Korea,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union is prepared to ramp up sanctions against North Korea after it conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sunday, European Council President Donald Tusk said.  The EU stands ready to sharpen its policy of sanctions and invites North Korea to restart dialogue on its programers without condition,  Tusk said in a statement.  We call on the UN Security Council to adopt further UN sanctions and show stronger resolve to achieve a peaceful decentralization of the Korean peninsula. The stakes are getting too high.  ",1
21110,Pilgrims return to Mecca as haj winds down without incident,"MECCA (Reuters) - More than two million pilgrims participating in the haj this week began returning to Mecca on Sunday for final prayers as the world s largest annual gathering of Muslims winds down. Senior Saudi officials said the rituals, which have in the past seen deadly stampedes, fires and riots to which authorities sometimes struggled to respond, had gone off without incident. Mecca province governor Prince Khaled al-Faisal, who heads the central haj committee, called this year s pilgrimage a success.  I am proud today to have offered these services and I am proud of all my brothers who participated and I am proud of each pilgrim who came to this land and assisted in the success of this season,  he told reporters in Mina, east of Mecca. Thousands of pilgrims participated in a symbolic stoning of the devil, part of the haj rituals, in Jamarat before returning to Mecca. By nightfall, Mecca s Grand Mosque was crowded with worshippers. Saudi Arabia stakes its reputation on its guardianship of Islam s holiest sites and organizing the pilgrimage. More than 2.3 million pilgrims came to Saudi Arabia this year, most of them from abroad, for the five-day ritual. Attendance is a religious duty, once in a lifetime, for every able-bodied Muslim who can afford it.  The organization was excellent and there was no crowding or anything. Things went well, thanks to God,  said Yemeni pilgrim Rashid Ahmed. More than 100,000 members of the security forces and 30,000 health workers were on hand this week to maintain safety and provide first aid. A crush in 2015 killed nearly 800 pilgrims, according to Riyadh, when two large groups of pilgrims arrived at a crossroads east of Mecca. Counts by countries of repatriated bodies showed over 2,000 people may have died, including more than 400 Iranians. Tehran sent nearly 90,000 pilgrims to the haj this year after boycotting the event last year amid a diplomatic rift with Riyadh. Saudi Health Minister Tawfiq al-Rabeeah said the pilgrimage had passed without any outbreak of disease, a perennial concern. He told Reuters in an interview late on Saturday that the ministry had also provided care to 400,000 people, including 21 open-heart surgeries.  We are keen to offer excellent service so that the pilgrims return home in good health after completing the haj,  he said. ",1
21111,"Vote ruling by chief justice surprises Kenyans, but not his colleagues","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s Supreme Court ruling to scrap last month s presidential election was shaped by a new chief justice who proved a staunch defender of judicial independence on a continent where judges are often seen as being under the thumb of executive powers. David Maraga s declaration that the Aug. 8 election was void and demand for a new poll with 60 days shocked many in the East African nation and abroad. But his announcement, after a 4-2 vote by a court panel to annul the vote, didn t surprise those who know the chief justice.  We knew this case was coming and he was the man to hear it,  Professor Tom Ojienda, who worked with Maraga and sits on the Judicial Service Commission that appointed him chief justice, told Reuters.  He is a stickler for the rules.  President Uhuru Kenyatta, who was expected to be sworn in for a second term until Friday s Supreme Court ruling, said he respected the decision. But he took a swipe at Maraga s colleagues, calling them  crooks  and saying the judiciary needed fixing. Kenya, a U.S. ally in the fight against Islamists and a trade gateway to East Africa, has a history of disputed votes. A  row after the 2007 vote led to ethnic bloodshed that killed more than 1,200 people. In 2013, a bid by veteran opponent Raila Odinga to secure an election rerun was rejected by the Supreme Court. This time, the opposition changed tack in their petition. Instead of seeking to prove enough votes were fake to undermine the vote - an almost impossible task in the two weeks the court had to give its judgment - Odinga s supporters sought to demonstrate that the online tallying process lacked integrity. The new approach may have been a key factor in securing a decision that had the backing of four of the panel s six judges, who have three weeks from the ruling to publish details of their decision. But the opposition also found in the chief justice a man ready to defend judicial powers against the highest office and unswayed by a tendency in Kenya, a nation of more than 40 ethnic groups, for voters to back fellow clans people. Within months of his appointment in October, Maraga called out Kenyatta for telling voters on a campaign stop in Maraga s home region of Nyamira County in April that  their son  had a job. Maraga responded that his appointment had nothing to do with the president. Kenyatta is a Kikuyu, Kenya s biggest ethnic group but still a minority. Odinga is a Luo, another big grouping. The chief justice is Kisii, a smaller group from Kenya s western highlands. Maraga also sent a clear message to national leaders on Aug. 2 that the judiciary was above the political fray.  The emerging culture of public lynching of judges and judicial officers by the political class is a vile affront to the rule of law and must be fiercely resisted,  he said in a statement. Maraga did not immediately issue a response to Kenyatta s latest comments. Reuters could not reach him for comment. Kenyans have long complained that getting any official business done requires a  kitu kidogo , Swahili for  a little something  or bribe, a frustration that is echoed across Africa. But Kenya has slowly rebuilt confidence in its judiciary after the post-2007 vote violence. A new constitution in 2010 demanded reforms of the judiciary and other public institutions. Maraga, who has risen the ranks as those reforms have been implement, was known by colleagues for his strict adherence to the rules even as a young lawyer. A devout Christian of the Seventh Day Adventist tradition, he built his practice in the Rift Valley city of Nakuru rather than to Nairobi where he where he could have secured more high profile cases and would have more easily rubbed shoulders with the rich and powerful, his colleagues said.  If a client gave you any problem, or asked for anything  that was wrong, or refused to pay, (Maraga) would just say,  Let him go. Other ones will come ,  said Professor Ojienda said. Maraga s integrity and record of strictly interpreting election procedures in past polls swayed the commission to appoint him last October, Ojienda said. The opposition s high hopes in 2013 that it could overturn that election result were dashed. Supreme Court judges, then led by Maraga s predecessor Willy Mutunga, rejected their petition. This time, even Odinga - a former prime minister who has fought and lost three presidential races including this one - seemed surprised. After listening to Friday s ruling in court, he broke out into a broad grin and pumped his fist in the air. Since 2013, several new judges were appointed to the Supreme Court s seven-strong panel. Friday s decision was backed by Maraga and two others appointed after 2013. Another, who had been on the panel in 2013, also backed the ruling. Two judges dissented, while one was ill and did not vote.  An election is not an event, it is a process from the beginning to the end,  Maraga said before reading the ruling. Four years earlier, the opposition had some of their arguments thrown out as they were lodged too late, while their complaints about the widespread failure of the electronic voting systems failed to convince the judges. This time, the opposition case hinged on the election board s failure to post online tally forms from each of the 40,883 polling stations before announcing results. The forms were supposed to be signed by each party s agent, as a hard-copy backup to the electronic transmission. But thousands of forms were missing from the board s website when it announced results. A report by independent court-appointed experts found many forms lacked official stamps, signatures or serial numbers. That was enough to convince a majority in Maraga s panel. (Corrects ethnicity of Chief Justice, paragraph 11) ",1
21112,U.S. intel official: No doubt North Korea tested advanced device,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. intelligence official said on Sunday that the United States had no reason to doubt North Korea had tested an advanced nuclear device.  We have nothing to cause us to doubt that this was a test of an advanced nuclear device,  the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. North Korea claimed to have tested an advanced hydrogen bomb for a long-range missile on Sunday. The U.S. official said, however, that it would take some time to complete a thorough analysis of the size of the blast and type of device detonated. ",1
21113,Myanmar urges Rohingya Muslims to help hunt insurgents amid deadly violence,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh/YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar urged Muslims in the troubled northwest to cooperate in the search for insurgents, whose coordinated attacks on security posts and an army crackdown have led to one of the deadliest bouts of violence to engulf the Rohingya community in decades. The treatment of Buddhist-majority Myanmar s roughly 1.1 million Muslim Rohingya is the biggest challenge facing leader Aung San Suu Kyi, accused by Western critics of not speaking out for the minority that has long complained of persecution. Aid agencies estimate that about 73,000 Rohingya have fled into neighbouring Bangladesh from Myanmar since violence erupted last week, Vivian Tan, regional spokeswoman for U.N. refugee agency UNHCR, told Reuters on Sunday. Hundreds more refugees on Sunday walked through rice paddies from the Naf river separating the two countries into Bangladesh, straining scarce resources of aid groups and local communities already helping tens of thousands.  The clashes and military counter-offensive have killed nearly 400 people during the past week.   Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Friday that violence against Muslims amounted to genocide.      It marks a dramatic escalation of a conflict that has simmered since October, when a smaller Rohingya attack on security posts prompted a military response dogged by allegations of rights abuses.  Islamic villagers in northern Maungtaw have been urged over loudspeakers to cooperate when security forces search for Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) extremist terrorists, and not to pose a threat or brandish weapons when security forces enter their villages,  a report in state-run newspaper Global New Light of Myanmar said on Sunday.  ARSA has been declared a terrorist organisation by the government. The group claimed responsibility for coordinated attacks on security posts last week.  In Maungni village in northern Rakhine, villagers this week caught two ARSA members and handed them over to the authorities, the newspaper added.  The army wrote in a Facebook post on Sunday that Rohingya insurgents had set fire to monasteries, images of Buddha as well as schools and houses in northern Rakhine.  More than 200 buildings, including houses and shops, were destroyed across several villages, the army said. While Myanmar officials blamed the ARSA for the burning of homes, Rohingya fleeing to Bangladesh and human rights watchers say that a campaign of arson and killings by the army is aimed at trying to force out the minority group.  On a Twitter account believed to be linked to the ARSA, the group accused the Myanmar army of  causing terror and destruction to the ethnic Rohingya population . About a hundred protesters gathered in Myanmar s commercial capital Yangon on Sunday, calling for the authorities to step up security measures in northern Rakhine to protect ethnic Rakhine Buddhists.  I want the government to protect the people (from insurgents) without any hesitation,  said Zin Lin Aung, a university student.  More than 11,700  ethnic residents  had been evacuated from northern Rakhine, the government has said, referring to non-Muslims. In Bangladesh, authorities said that at least 53 bodies of Rohingya had either been found floating in the Naf river or washed up on the beach in the past week as tens of thousands continue to try to flee the violence. A senior leader of al Qaeda s Yemeni branch has called for attacks on Myanmar authorities in support of the Rohingya.  Amid mounting anger over the violence against Rohingya in Indonesia, home to the world s biggest Muslim population, a petrol bomb was thrown at the Myanmar embassy in Jakarta on Sunday, causing a small fire. Separately, hundreds protested in Jakarta, calling on the Indonesian government to take an active role in bringing a halt to human rights violations against the Rohingya.    Former colonial ruler Britain said on Saturday that it hoped Suu Kyi would use her  remarkable qualities  to end the violence.  ",1
21114,Indonesian envoy to urge Myanmar to halt violence against Rohingya Muslims,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian President Joko Widodo has sent his foreign minister to Myanmar to urge its government to halt violence against Rohingya Muslims, he said on Sunday after a petrol bomb was thrown at the Myanmar embassy in Jakarta. The embassy attack, which police said caused a small fire, came in the early hours of Sunday morning against the backdrop of mounting anger in Indonesia, home to the world s biggest Muslim population, over violence against Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar. A police officer patrolling a street behind the embassy spotted a fire on the second floor of the building at about 0235 Jakarta time (GMT+7) and alerted police officers guarding the front gate, a Jakarta police statement said. After the fire was extinguished, police found a shattered beer bottle with a wick attached to it, the statement said, adding that the unknown perpetrator is suspected to have driven away from the scene in an MPV car. Jakarta police are investigating the incident, said spokesman Argo Yuwono. A group of activists had held a protest at the embassy on Saturday, calling for the Nobel Prize Committee to withdraw the Nobel Peace Prize from Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi, state news agency Antara wrote. (bit.ly/2eRowl0) Protests continued on Sunday in Jakarta s city center, with dozens of people calling for the Indonesian government to take an active involvement in efforts to end human rights violations  against Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar. Indonesian President Widodo said he has sent Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi to Myanmar to hold  intensive communications  with involved parties including the United Nations.  Earlier this afternoon the Foreign Minister has departed to Myanmar to ask the Myanmar government to stop and prevent violence, to provide protection to all citizens, including Muslims in Myanmar, and to give access to humanitarian aid,  Widodo said.     Widodo added that concrete actions are needed and the Indonesian government is committed to helping to solve the humanitarian crisis and that Marsudi will also travel to Bangladesh to prepare additional aid for refugees there. The treatment of Buddhist-majority Myanmar s roughly 1.1 million Muslim Rohingya is the biggest challenge facing leader Aung San Suu Kyi, accused by Western critics of not speaking out for the minority that has long complained of persecution.  Aid agencies estimate that about 73,000 Rohingya have fled into neighboring Bangladesh since violence in Myanmar erupted last week. ",1
21115,North Korean nuclear test prompts global condemnation,"LONDON (Reuters) - North Korea s biggest nuclear test to date was condemned around the world on Sunday, with several leaders calling for new sanctions and U.S. President Donald Trump saying  appeasement  would not work. The explosion of what North Korea said was an advanced hydrogen bomb came just days after it fired a missile over Japan.  Trump, who said after last week s missile launch that talking to Pyongyang  is not the answer , tweeted that Sunday s test showed North Korea s  words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States . U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said he would put together new sanctions to potentially cut off all North Korea s global trade.  German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron said they planned to tighten European Union sanctions.  This latest provocation by the ruler in Pyongyang has reached a new dimension,  the German government said in a statement after Merkel and Macron discussed the issue by phone. Britain s foreign minister Boris Johnson said:  They (North Korea) seem to be moving closer towards a hydrogen bomb which, if fitted to a successful missile, would unquestionably present a new order of threat,  adding that there were no palatable military solutions.  British Prime Minister Theresa May said the U.N. Security Council should urgently look at new measures. Russia struck a cautious tone.  In the emerging conditions it is absolutely essential to keep cool, refrain from any actions that could lead to a further escalation of tensions,  Russia s foreign ministry said, adding that North Korea risked  serious consequences . Later on Sunday, Russian President Vladimir Putin met his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping in China where they agreed to  appropriately deal with  the crisis, Chinese state news agency Xinhua said.  The two leaders agreed to stick to the goal of denuclearization on the Korean Peninsula and keep close communication and coordination to deal with the new situation,  Xinhua said. Earlier, China urged North Korea to stop  wrong  actions and said it would fully enforce U.N. resolutions on the country. As North Korea s most important trading partner, the position of China - a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council - will be closely watched. A Japanese government source said there would be pressure on Beijing to impose an oil embargo.  They will probably act eventually but ... it is possible that will not be before their October (party) convention,  the source said.  Russia does not have real influence on North Korea. It s China that matters.  Trump said North Korea had become  a great threat and embarrassment to China  and that Beijing had tried but failed to solve the problem. What he called South Korea s  talk of appeasement  would not work as  they (the North Koreans) only understand one thing!  The International Atomic Energy Agency, which has no access to North Korea, called the nuclear test, Pyongyang s sixth since 2006,  an extremely regrettable act  that was  in complete disregard of the repeated demands of the international community . ",1
21116,"Iran says warns off U.S. U2 spy plane, drone","DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran s air defenses have forced an approaching U.S. spy plane and a reconnaissance drone to change course near its air space over the past six months, a military official was quoted as saying on Sunday . Brigadier General Farzad Esmaili, commander of the Iran s air defense force, said an unmanned RQ-4 drone was intercepted last week and a U2 spy plane was warned away in March, the semi-official Fars news agency reported.  When the warning was given to the pilot of this (U2) plane at the Strait of Hormuz, he knew that he was being targeted by two separate radars ... and missile systems,  Esmaili said.   Iran will never allow such hostile planes to approach its airspace and would not hesitate to bring them down if necessary,  said Esmaili, quoted by the Tasnim news agency. U.S. officials have frequently complained of what they call unsafe and unprofessional interactions by Iranian maritime forces in the Gulf this year. Iran has said its forces act within their rights to protect Iranian territorial waters. The Trump administration has recently struck a hard line on Iran, accusing Tehran of violating the spirit of an accord with world powers that lifted sanctions and sought to curb The Islamic Republic s nuclear program. ",1
21117,"Main Cambodian opposition leader arrested, paper shuts as crackdown grows","PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia s main opposition leader Kem Sokha was arrested and accused of treason on Sunday and a leading independent paper said it was being forced to shut down as Prime Minister Hun Sen s government intensified a crackdown on his critics. Hun Sen said Kem Sokha had been plotting with the United States, increasing his anti-American rhetoric as Cambodia heads towards elections next year in which the authoritarian leader s grip of more than three decades is at stake. The U.S. State Department expressed concern at the arrest of Ken Sokha and action against the media. It raised doubt over whether the Southeast Asian country can hold a fair election. Hun Sen, 65, a former Khmer Rouge cadre, who is now one of China s closest regional allies, said Kem Sokha had been arrested for treason in which the United States was implicated.  It s an act of treason with conspiracy with a foreign country, betraying his own nation. This requires arrest,  Hun Sen told a group of garment workers, according to the pro-government Fresh News website. Kem Sokha, 64, has led the main opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) since his predecessor resigned in February, saying he feared a government plan to shut it down. Kem Sokha was taken from his home in handcuffs after a night-time police raid. The opposition party lost to Hun Sen s Cambodian People s Party in local elections in June, but it did well enough to increase expectations of a close contest in the 2018 vote. The government released a video on its Facebook page in which Kem Sokha appeared to tell a group of supporters about a strategy to win power which he said had the support of  the Americans  rather than an immediate plot to topple Hun Sen. In the video, Kem Sokha said the Americans had hired academics to advise on strategy to change Cambodia s leaders.  And if I follow such a tactic and strategy and if I could not win, I do not know what else to do,  he said. The opposition party made no immediate comment on the veracity or content of the video. Earlier, it said Kem Sokha s arrest was politically motivated and violated the law because of the immunity granted to elected lawmakers. The party called for his release and urged the international community to intervene. If Kem Sokha is found guilty of any offence, it could allow the government to shut the party under a new law. Kem Sokha made no immediate comment and it was not clear if he had been charged or had legal representation at this stage. The government has stepped up attacks on the United States and last month ordered the expulsion of the U.S. State Department-funded National Democratic Institute pro-democracy group. Earlier in the year, it suspended joint military exercises with the United States, which has voiced fears over the human rights situation. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the charges against Kem Sokha appeared to be politically motivated. Her statement did not directly address Hun Sen s accusations against the United States. Nauert also highlighted recent steps by the Cambodian government against independent media and civil society, saying they  raise serious questions about the government s ability to organize credible national elections in 2018 which produce an outcome that enjoys democratic legitimacy . In a sign of the pressure on the media, The Cambodia Daily said it was ceasing publication after the government ordered it to pay a crippling $6.3 million tax bill by Monday. The English-language paper, founded by an American journalist, was known for critical coverage of issues such as corruption, human rights and the environment.  After 24 years and 15 days, the Cambodian government has destroyed The Cambodia Daily, a special and singular part of Cambodia s free press,  it said in a statement. During Hun Sen s rule Cambodia emerged from the devastating Khmer Rouge genocide to enjoy record years of economic growth of  above 7 percent, but disaffection has been increasing and he only just won the 2013 election against a unified opposition. ",1
21118,"Xi, Putin agree to 'appropriately deal' with N.Korea nuclear test: Xinhua","BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping and Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed Sunday to  appropriately deal with  the latest nuclear test by North Korea, state news agency Xinhua said.  The two leaders agreed to stick to the goal of denuclearisation on the Korean Peninsula and keep close communication and coordination to deal with the new situation,  Xinhua said in a brief dispatch. The two were meeting on the sidelines of a summit of the BRICS group of nations in the southeastern Chinese city of Xiamen.  ",1
21119,U.S.-led coalition says Islamic State Syria convoy split in two,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - An Islamic State evacuation convoy trying to reach IS territory in east Syria has split in two, with some buses remaining in the open desert after others turned back into government-held areas, a U.S.-led coalition fighting the group said on Sunday.  The Syrian government and Lebanon s Hezbollah group offered the convoy of about 300 lightly armed fighters and about 300 family members safe passage a week ago in return for Islamic State surrendering an enclave on the Syria-Lebanon border.  However, the coalition has blocked the convoy from entering Islamic State territory in east Syria, near the border with Iraq, by cratering roads and destroying bridges, saying it opposes the evacuation deal as being  not a lasting solution .   One group remains in the open desert to the north west of Al-Bukamal and the other group has headed west towards Palmyra,  the coalition said in an emailed statement. On Saturday Hezbollah said all but six of the buses had safely crossed out of Syrian government territory and were no longer the responsibility of it or the Syrian government. It warned the United States that the buses in the desert included elderly people, pregnant women and casualties, and accused it of stopping humanitarian aid reaching the convoy. The coalition said it had contacted Russia to deliver a message to the Syrian government that it would still not let the convoy pass, and that it had offered suggestions on how to save the civilians in it from suffering.   Food and water have been provided to the convoy,  it said, without giving further details.  The coalition has said it will not target the convoy directly while it contains civilians, but said in its statement it had struck about 85 IS fighters near the convoy.  It had also struck about 40 IS vehicles near the convoy including a tank, an artillery system, armed vehicles and transport vehicles seeking to help move the fighters in the convoy into its territory, it said.  ",1
21120,Iran re-imposes death sentence on spiritual figure that supreme court quashed,"DUBAI (Reuters) - An Iranian court has re-imposed the death penalty on the founder of a spiritual movement after the first sentence was struck down by the supreme court, the judiciary said on Sunday. Mohammad Ali Taheri, founder of Erfan Halgheh which calls itself  Interuniversalism  in English, was arrested in 2011 and given five years in prison for  insulting Islamic sanctities .  He was sentenced to death by a Revolutionary Court in 2015 for  corruption on earth  but the Supreme Court later quashed the sentence.  (Taheri s) case was sent back to court and tried with the presence of a lawyer and various advisors and the judge has again reached,  Judiciary spokesman Gholamhossein Mohseni Ejei was quoted as saying by the news agency ISNA. The sentence can be appealed, he added. Amnesty International says Taheri is a prisoner of conscience and has condemned Iran s use of capital punishment  for vaguely worded or overly broad offences, or acts that should not be criminalized at all . Tehran dismisses such criticism as part of an effort from the West to heap political pressure on the Islamic Republic. ",1
21121,Italy's 5-Star says euro referendum is 'last resort',"CERNOBBIO, Italy (Reuters) - A referendum on Italy s membership of the euro currency would be held only as a  last resort  if Rome does not win any fiscal concessions from the European Union, a senior lawmaker from the anti-establishment Five-Star Movement said on Sunday.  Luigi Di Maio s comments reflect a striking change of tone by some senior officials in the party in recent months as they have retreated from 5-Star s original pledge.   Seeking to reassure an audience of bankers and business leaders, Di Maio - widely tipped to be 5-Star s candidate for prime minister at a general election due by next year - played down the referendum proposal, calling it a negotiating tool with the EU.   Austerity policies have not worked, on monetary policy we deserve the credit for triggering a debate... this is why we raised the issue of a referendum on the euro, as a bargaining tool, as a last resort and a way out in case Mediterranean countries are not listened to,  he said. Two years ago the party gathered the signatures from the public needed to pave the way for a referendum that it said was vital to restore Italy s fiscal and monetary sovereignty. But now, running neck-and-neck with the ruling Democratic Party (PD) in opinion polls and with the election in sight - scheduled to be held by May 2018 - it is hitting the brakes on the idea.  This underlines the crucial challenge facing the party as it seeks to please some core supporters, while trying to shed its populist image and convince foreign capitals and financial markets that it can be trusted in office. Reuters had access to the comments, which were made behind closed doors. Highlighting the sensitivity of the issue, Di Maio declined to answer journalists  questions about the referendum before making his speech inside the Ambrosetti conference in Cernobbio, on the shores of Lake Como, about 40 km (25 miles) from Milan.  The party wants several changes to the euro zone s economic rules to help its more sluggish economies, like Italy. These include stripping public investment from budget deficits under the EU s Stability Pact and creating a European  bad bank  to deal with euro zone lenders  bad loans.  We are not against the European Union, we want to remain in the EU and discuss some of the rules that are suffocating and damaging our economy,  said Di Maio, who serves as deputy speaker of the Chamber of Deputies. An opinion poll in La Stampa daily on Sunday had 24 percent of respondents saying Di Maio most deserved to run the country in the next five years, against 17 percent for former PD Prime Minister Matteo Renzi and 12 percent for center-right leader Silvio Berlusconi.    Di Maio s presence at the Ambrosetti meeting, an annual gathering of Italy s elite business leaders, prompted some 5-Star supporters, including a respected magistrate they had recommended as the next head of state, to accuse the movement of schmoozing with the enemy. Last year, he turned down an invitation from organizers at the last minute. But with 5-Star expected to announce its candidate for prime minister later this month, he has been rubbing shoulders with the Italian establishment at a string of events.  A couple of days ago he graced the red carpet at the Venice film festival, and later on Sunday he will attend the Italian Grand Prix Formula One race in Monza.  Five-Star, as a force that is putting itself forward to run the country, must talk to everybody, explaining its own vision for the government and the country. This is why I accepted the invitation,  he told reporters in Cernobbio. ",1
21122,"India appoints new defence minister, rejigs cabinet to refocus on economy","NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi appointed Nirmala Sitharaman as defence minister on Sunday as part of a cabinet reshuffle, as he seeks to get economic growth back on track and modernise the armed forces before national elections in 2019. Sitharaman, 58, who was promoted from being a junior trade minister, becomes the first female defence minister since Indira Gandhi was in charge of the department when she was prime minister 35 years ago. She will take over from Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, who held both portfolios but said last week he wanted to concentrate on the economy. Growth in Asia s third-largest economy slowed to its weakest pace in three years in the last quarter and government promises to boost manufacturing and create tens of thousands of jobs for one of the world s youngest workforces have failed to take off. Sitharaman has been running the trade ministry where she built up a reputation as a tough negotiator.  At defence she will be charged with carrying out a military modernisation programme estimated to cost $150 billion to fully equip India s armed forces. Modi also named a new minister for the railways to restore confidence in the world s fourth-biggest rail network after a string of accidents, as well as a new leader to head a planned clean up of the river Ganges that has failed to make headway. Piyush Goyal, who has been credited with turning around the coal mining sector, will run the railways while remaining coal minister. Nitin Gadkari who heads the highways and shipping ministry will also look after the ministry of water resources and the Ganges rejuvenation department, the government said in a statement.  Four of the nine new ministers appointed by Modi are retired bureaucrats, including K J Alphons, known as Delhi s demolition man for launching a crackdown on illegal structures in the capital despite facing intense political pressure.  They also include a former police commissioner and a diplomat, reflecting Modi s faith in bureaucrats to deliver on his goals rather than politicians who are often untested in governance. Modi also promoted Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, the minister of minority affairs and one of a handful of Muslim leaders in his party, to the cabinet.   Naqvi has been trying to deflect criticism that the government is either failing to or unwilling to protect Muslims involved in the meat trade after a number of attacks by hardline Hindu vigilantes who are pushing harder for protection of the cow, an animal they consider sacred.   I congratulate all those who have taken oath today. Their experience and wisdom will add immense value to the council of ministers,  Modi said before leaving for China to attend a summit of the BRICS group of countries -  Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa. Critics, however, said the cabinet changes would make little difference since Modi and his office were directly running the government with little real power given to the ministers.   What s the fuss about a cabinet reshuffle in a one-man cabinet? Prime minister s office reshuffle would have mattered more,  said Yogendra Yadav who runs an independent political group. ",1
21123,Pope visits Colombia to boost peace process after 50 years of war,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis travels to Colombia this week to encourage a fledgling peace process that ended half a century of war between a succession of governments and the guerrilla group FARC but has left the country deeply divided. Francis, making his 20th foreign trip as pontiff and his fifth to his native Latin America, will spend five days in the country, visiting the capital Bogota and the cities of Villavicencio, Medellin and Cartagena. The Argentine pope had delayed accepting a government and Church invitation to visit Colombia, where about 80 percent of the population is Catholic, until a viable peace process was under way.  He had wanted to go for a long time. Now the moment has come,  Vatican spokesman Greg Burke said. Leftist FARC, by far Colombia s biggest rebel group, introduced its  new political party last week, a major step in its transition into a civilian organization after more than 50 years of war that killed 220,000 people. Under its 2016 peace deal with the government, most FARC fighters were granted amnesty and allowed to participate in politics. Whether the rebels will secure support from Colombians, many of who revile them, remains to be seen. The peace accord, which was brokered by Cuba and Norway, was initially rejected by a less than 1 percent margin in a referendum before being modified and enacted. Like the rest of the country, Colombia s Roman Catholic bishops were divided on their support of the deal, with some saying it was too lenient to the guerrillas. The pope is expected to urge them to put aside their differences during his trip on Sept. 6-10 and help the country move forward.   The greatest task of the Church in Colombia now is to help stem the polarization around the peace process between the government and the guerrillas,  said Archbishop Octavio Ruiz, a Vatican official and Colombian.  This is a time for us to accept the grandeur of forgiveness, to leave behind us this dark period of war and blood.  Hosffman Ospino, a Colombian who is professor of pastoral theology and religious education at Boston College s School of Theology and Ministry, said the country was ready to begin a new phase.  The bishops of Colombia need to play a new role in the peace process so as to help create a political conscience,  he told Reuters.  I think the pope needs to encourage the Church to be an active player in those conversations, in the reconstruction of the social order.  Reconciliation is the main theme of the trip and will be the emphasis for events on Friday in the city of Villavicencio, south of Bogota. There, in what is billed as the  Great Prayer Meeting for National Reconciliation , the pope will listen to testimonials from people whose lives were affected by the violence and then deliver a homily.  Burke, the Vatican spokesman, said those attending the prayer meeting would include victims of violence as well as former guerrillas who have been integrated into Colombian society for some time and are not part of the recent peace process with FARC. He said there would be no formal meeting with opposition politicians, FARC, or the National Liberation Army (ELN), the second-largest insurgent group, which began formal peace negotiations in February after more than three years of secret talks.  The Marxist-led ELN, which was founded by radical Roman Catholic priests in 1964, has said it could declare a unilateral ceasefire during the trip to honor Pope Francis, whom they have praised for bringing attention to the world s poor and disenfranchised.  The trip will have inter-related themes each day.  Builders of Peace, Promotes of Life,  in Bogota,  Reconciliation with God, among Colombians and with Nature  Villavicencio,  The Christian Vocation and Apostolate  in Medellin, and  The Dignity of People and Human Rights  in Cartagena. ",1
21124,Exclusive: Colombia's ELN says it killed Russian hostage; risks peace talks with government,"NORTHWESTERN JUNGLES, Colombia (Reuters) - Colombia s ELN guerrilla group said a Russian-Armenian citizen it held hostage for six months was killed in April while trying to escape, a startling admission that risks throwing current peace talks with the government into jeopardy.  In a rare interview, a commander of the National Liberation Army, Colombia s last active guerrilla group, said that ransoms from kidnappings were necessary to keep its fighters in the field and that peace would be impossible without state funding to feed and clothe the rebels. The ELN seized Arsen Voskanyan in November. The group claimed that he was collecting endangered, poisonous frogs in the jungles of the northwestern department of Choco and accused him of wanting to smuggle wildlife overseas.  After his lengthy captivity, Voskanyan was shot when he grabbed a hand grenade in a bid to escape, according to the ELN commander, who would only give his nom-de-guerre Yerson.   He s dead,  Yerson told Reuters in a remote area along the banks of a river that sees frequent combat between the leftist rebels, government troops and right-wing paramilitaries.  The grenade exploded ... several of our boys were wounded, the entire unit of five boys. He fled, he was shot and killed ... The issue of his body will be negotiated,  he said, adding that the death took place within his unit. Yerson supplied no evidence to back up his assertions. Another person with knowledge of the matter also subsequently confirmed that Voskanyan had been killed.  Reuters could not independently confirm the circumstances surrounding Voskanyan s death. Colombia s government said it knows nothing of the ELN s claim and the last it knew was a statement from the ELN that said he had escaped.  The responsibility is with the ELN,  the senior official said, asking not to be named. The Russian Embassy in Colombia, Colombia s High Peace Commissioner and the Foreign Ministry in Moscow did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The ELN s practice of kidnapping civilians is a key issue at peace talks taking place in the Ecuadorean capital of Quito. The fact that Voskanyan was killed as talks progress and the ELN failed to inform the government may complicate already tricky negotiations to end 53 years of war and make the need to agree a ceasefire more pressing.  It makes it urgent to get a bilateral, verifiable ceasefire as soon as possible so this doesn t keep happening,  leftist Senator Antonio Navarro Wolff, who once belonged to now-demobilized urban guerrilla group the M-19, told Reuters. Yerson and his troops said they are not optimistic a peace agreement can be reached because neither side will give ground on kidnapping. The ELN has refused to stop taking hostages for ransom, launching bomb attacks and extorting foreign oil and mining companies while talks are ongoing. The government has said it will not move forward on issues like a bilateral ceasefire until it does. Talks with the ELN are being held as the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), until this year the biggest rebel group, has demobilized, formed a new political party and ended its part in a civil war that killed more than 220,000 people and displaced millions over five decades. His face covered by a thin black balaclava and wearing a beret and camouflage fatigues, Yerson, 35, said he has been fighting in Colombia s jungles and mountains  for many, many years.   Flanked by two fighters carrying semi-automatic rifles as other rebels watched on, he questioned the government s willingness to make sufficient concessions but said he would adhere to the wishes of his leadership if a peace deal was reached. The ELN has sought peace before, holding talks in Cuba and Venezuela between 2002 and 2007, but experts have said those discussions were dogged by lack of will on both sides. Yerson is the commander of the Ernesto  Che  Guevara Front, that fights under the command of the ELN leader known as Uriel who commands the Western War Block Omar Gomez. He declined to say how many rebels fight in his unit. The ELN - which has kidnapped hundreds of Colombians and foreigners for economic and political gain - previously said in a statement that Voskanyan escaped injured after a struggle that left several fighters wounded as they tried to release him to the International Committee of the Red Cross. The killing of Voskanyan may turn already dire public perception further against the ELN, analyst Ariel Avila told Reuters.  The impact will be on public opinion and in the questioning of the talks,  he said. Inspired by the Cuban revolution and established by radical Catholic priests in 1964, the ELN was close to disappearing in the 1970s but steadily gained power again.  By 2002 it had as many as 5,000 fighters, financed by  war taxes  levied on landowners and oil companies. It is now believed to have about 2,000 fighters, but Yerson, who would not confirm the number, said the group is heavily recruiting.  Considered a terrorist group by the United States and the European Union, the ELN has stepped up attacks on economic infrastructure this year, hitting oil pipelines and power lines repeatedly. President Juan Manuel Santos, who meted out some of the most crushing military blows against the FARC and earned a Nobel Peace Prize last year for his efforts at peace, has had less success with the ELN, which moves in mobile units of four or so fighters.  The ELN has said it may declare a temporary ceasefire to honor Pope Francis during his visit next week to Colombia. ",1
21125,Police fire tear gas at Congo opposition leader's supporters,"KINSHASA (Reuters) - Police fired tear gas to disperse supporters of Democratic Republic of Congo s opposition chief on Sunday as they gathered in the capital amid high tensions over election delays keeping President Joseph Kabila in power, a Reuters witness said. Felix Tshisekedi, head of an opposition coalition, is due to fly back to the capital Kinshasa on Sunday after a prolonged absence abroad. Around a dozen supporters had gathered at his family residences in the morning, although there was no sign of violence.  Tshisekedi intends to call for a civil disobedience campaign in order to pressure Kabila, whose mandate expired last year, to step aside. Congolese authorities banned the coalition s planned meeting on Sunday, citing a risk of violence in the Central African country of more than 70 million people.  ",1
21126,Russia expresses deep concern about North Korea nuclear test,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian foreign ministry said on Sunday it was deeply concerned about a reported nuclear test by North Korea. The ministry said on its website that the test was a defiance of international law and deserved condemnation. It urged all sides involved to hold talks, which it said was the only way to resolve the Korean peninsula s problems. ",1
21127,Australia defends hardline immigration policy as keeping out 'undesirables',"(Reuters) - Australia said on Sunday it is stopping  undesirables  such as terrorists, pedophiles, organized criminals and drug smugglers from boarding flights to the country, defending its hardline immigration policy that has drawn criticism from rights groups.  Immigration Minister Peter Dutton said that Australian Border Force Airline Liaison Officers were operating in major transit airports to push those threats  beyond our borders .  Where other countries  allow people to arrive and then assess the threat then , the  Australian model  was to bar those considered a threat.   (Liaison officers) try to identify the threats   particularly given that we ve got foreign fighters coming back through Southeast Asia and all over   the idea is to stop them getting on planes,  the minister told the Nine Network.  According to media, immigration officials prevented 1,043 passengers from boarding flights to Australia since 2013. Australia has seen the rise of nationalist, anti-immigration politics with far-right wing parties such as One Nation garnering strong public support, while the popularity of the ruling center-right government has been languishing. Under its policy on asylum seekers arriving by boat, Australia turns back unauthorized vessels at sea to their port of origin when it can and sends those it cannot to controversial camps in the South Pacific for long-term detention. Earlier this year, the government announced it would raise the bar for handing out citizenships by lengthening the waiting period, adding a new  Australian values  test and raising the standard for English language as part of a shake up of its immigration program. ",1
21128,Tropical Storm Lidia leaves seven dead in Mexico's Baja California peninsula,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Tropical Storm Lidia s death toll rose to at least seven people, including two children, as the storm doused various states in Mexico with heavy rain on Saturday and left a severe trail of damage in the Baja California peninsula, authorities said. The victims were either electrocuted or drowned while trying to cross streams, according to a report from the prosecutor s office in the state of Baja California Sur, home to the tourist area Los Cabos, that was cited by local media. The storm, which continued to churn through various states, particularly in Western Mexico, also cut off power and damaged homes and roads in Baja California Sur, where some 3,000 people were taken to shelter.  Lidia was located 110 kilometers north of Punta Eugenia, moving at a speed of 19 kilometers per hour to the northeast with maximum sustained winds of 65 kilometers per hour, the National Hurricane Center in the U.S. said. ",1
21129,Romania to hold same-sex marriage referendum this autumn: ruling party leader,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania s ruling Social Democrats hope to organize this autumn a referendum to restrict the constitutional definition of family, which would effectively rule out the possibility of legalizing same-sex marriage, party leader Liviu Dragnea said on Saturday. The plan for a referendum came about after the Coalition for the Family, a civil society group, collected 3 million signatures last year in favor of changing the constitutional definition of marriage as a union strictly between a man and a woman from the existing  spouses.  Under Romanian law, the constitution can be changed after a proposal by the president, the government, a quarter of all lawmakers or at least 500,000 citizens. Parliament must approve any revision, which must then pass a nationwide referendum.  It is known that we are committed ... in this direction,  state news agency Agerpres quoted Dragnea as saying at a party meeting at a resort on the Black Sea.   Our intention is to end up organizing the referendum to change the constitution on the family issue this autumn.  Few politicians openly support same sex marriage or even civil partnerships in the socially conservative eastern European nation of 20 million, where the Orthodox Church yields significant influence. Notable exceptions include centrist President Klaus Iohannis, an ethnic German, who has said that as a member of an ethnic and religious minority, he supports tolerance and openness towards others who are different while rejecting religious fanaticism and ultimatums.  The opposition Save Romania Union (USR) also held an internal vote on the issue and decided to oppose the referendum.  In June, dozens of Romanian rights groups jointly asked parliament to reject the proposed constitutional change that they said would push the European Union state onto a populist, authoritarian track leading to an erosion of democratic rights and liberties. The Coalition for the Family also supports cancelling subsidies for contraception and elective abortion, forcing parents of minors to have counseling if they want to divorce, and lowering some taxes for married couples.  Restricting the definition of family based on a marriage between man and woman also would hurt single parents, non-married couples and other non-traditional parenting units, rights groups have said. ",1
21130,"Rohingya Muslims flee as more than 2,600 houses burned in Myanmar's Rakhine","COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - More than 2,600 houses have been burned down in Rohingya-majority areas of Myanmar s northwest in the last week, the government said on Saturday, in one of the deadliest bouts of violence involving the Muslim minority in decades. About 58,600 Rohingya have fled into neighbouring Bangladesh from Myanmar, according to U.N. refugee agency UNHCR, as aid workers there struggle to cope. Myanmar officials blamed the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) for the burning of the homes. The group claimed responsibility for coordinated attacks on security posts last week that prompted clashes and a large army counter-offensive.  But Rohingya fleeing to Bangladesh say a campaign of arson and killings by the Myanmar army is aimed at trying to force them out. The treatment of Myanmar s roughly 1.1 million Rohingya is the biggest challenge facing leader Aung San Suu Kyi, accused by Western critics of not speaking out for the Muslim minority that has long complained of persecution. Former colonial power Britain said on Saturday it hoped Suu Kyi would use her  remarkable qualities  to end the violence.  Aung San Suu Kyi is rightly regarded as one of the most inspiring figures of our age, but the treatment of the Rohingya is, alas, besmirching the reputation of Burma,  foreign minister Boris Johnson said in a statement. The clashes and army crackdown have killed nearly 400 people and more than 11,700  ethnic residents  have been evacuated from the area, the government said, referring to the non-Muslim residents. It marks a dramatic escalation of a conflict that has simmered since October, when a smaller Rohingya attack on security posts prompted a military response dogged by allegations of rights abuses.  A total of 2,625 houses from Kotankauk, Myinlut and Kyikanpyin villages and two wards in Maungtaw were burned down by the ARSA extremist terrorists,  the state-run Global New Light of Myanmar said. The group has been declared a terrorist organisation by the government.  But Human Rights Watch, which analysed satellite imagery and accounts from Rohingya fleeing to Bangladesh, said the Myanmar security forces deliberately set the fires. New satellite imagery shows the total destruction of a Muslim village, and prompts serious concerns that the level of devastation in northern Rakhine state may be far worse than originally thought,  said the group s deputy Asia director, Phil Robertson. Near the Naf river separating Myanmar and Bangladesh, new arrivals in Bangladesh carrying their belongings in sacks set up crude tents or tried to squeeze into available shelters or homes of locals.   The existing camps are near full capacity and numbers are swelling fast. In the coming days there needs to be more space,  said UNHCR regional spokeswoman Vivian Tan, adding more refugees were expected.  The Rohingya are denied citizenship in Myanmar and regarded as illegal immigrants, despite claiming roots that date back centuries. Bangladesh is also growing increasingly hostile to Rohingya, more than 400,000 of whom live in the poor South Asian country after fleeing Myanmar since the early 1990s. Jalal Ahmed, 60, who arrived in Bangladesh on Friday with a group of about 3,000 after walking from Kyikanpyin for almost a week, said he believed the Rohingya were being pushed out of Myanmar.   The military came with 200 people to the village and started fires...All the houses in my village are already destroyed. If we go back there and the army sees us, they will shoot,  he said.  Reuters could not independently verify these accounts as access for independent journalists to northern Rakhine has been restricted since security forces locked down the area in October. Speaking to soldiers, government staff and Rakhine Buddhists affected by the conflict on Friday, army chief Min Aung Hlaing said there is no  oppression or intimidation  against the Muslim minority and  everything is within the framework of the law .  The Bengali problem was a long-standing one which has become an unfinished job,  he said, using a term used by many in Myanmar to refer to the Rohingya that suggests they come from Bangladesh.  Many aid programmes running in northern Rakhine prior to the outbreak of violence, including life-saving food assistance by the World Food Programme (WFP), have been suspended since the fighting broke out.  Food security indicators and child malnutrition rates in Maungdaw were already above emergency thresholds before the violence broke out, and it is likely that they will now deteriorate even further,  said Pierre Peron, spokesman for the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs in Myanmar. More than 80,000 children may need treatment for malnutrition in northern Rakhine and many of them reported  extreme  food insecurity, WFP said in July. In Bangladesh, Tan of UNHCR said more shelters and medical care were needed.  There s a lot of pregnant women and lactating mothers and really young children, some of them born during the flight. They all need medical attention,  she said. Among new arrivals, 22-year-old Tahara Begum gave birth to her second child in a forest on the way to Bangladesh.   It was the hardest thing I ve ever done,  she said.  ",1
21131,Yemeni al Qaeda leader calls for attacks in support of Myanmar's Rohingya,"DUBAI (Reuters) - A senior leader of al Qaeda s Yemeni branch has called for attacks on Myanmar authorities in support of minority Rohingya Muslims, the SITE monitoring center said on Saturday as thousands fled what they say is a government assault on their villages. Myanmar s roughly 1.1 million Rohingya pose one of the biggest challenges facing leader Aung San Suu Kyi, accused by Western critics of failing to support the Muslim minority that has long complained of persecution. In a video message released by al Qaeda s al-Malahem media foundation, Khaled Batarfi called on Muslims in Bangladesh, India, Indonesia and Malaysia to support their Rohingya Muslim brethren against the  enemies of Allah.  Batarfi, who was freed from a Yemeni prison in 2015 when Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) seized the port city of Mukalla, also urged al Qaeda s Indian Subcontinent (AQIS) branch to carry out attacks.  So spare no effort in waging jihad against them and repulsing their attacks, and beware of letting down our brothers in Burma (Myanmar),  Batarfi said, according to the U.S.-based monitoring center. About 58,600 Rohingya have fled into neighboring Bangladesh from Myanmar, according to U.N. refugee agency UNHCR. Myanmar officials accuse the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) of burning homes. The group claimed responsibility for coordinated attacks on security posts last week that prompted clashes and a large army counter-offensive. But Rohingya fleeing to Bangladesh say the Myanmar army is conducting a campaign of arson and killings to drive them out. The Rohingya are denied citizenship in Myanmar and regarded as illegal immigrants, despite claiming roots that date back centuries. Bangladesh, where more than 400,000 Rohingya live since they began fleeing Myanmar in the 1990s, is also growing increasingly hostile to the minority. (This version of the story corrects to show Rohingya are a minority, not a majority, in second paragraph) ",1
21132,Russian diplomats vacate three properties on U.S. orders,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Russian diplomats vacated three properties in the United States on Saturday including the six-story consulate in San Francisco, complying with a U.S. order issued in retaliation for Moscow cutting the American diplomatic presence in Russia. Staff at the San Francisco consulate were seen moving equipment, furniture and small items from the building into minivans and driving away, before coming back for more 20 to 30 minutes later. A group of men in plainclothes and suits were seen on the roof of the consulate looking around, some wearing rubber gloves. The closure ordered by the Trump administration of the consulate in San Francisco and two buildings housing Russian trade missions in Washington and New York was the latest in tit-for-tat measures between the two countries that have helped plunge relations to a new post-Cold War low.  Accusations made by the Russian government, including that U.S. officials threatened to break down doors in the relevant properties or that the FBI is clearing the premises, are untrue,  a senior U.S. State Department official said in a statement. The State Department said the Russian government had complied with the order to shutter those operations by Saturday and said no diplomats were being expelled as result of the closures.  Russia will no longer be permitted to use these facilities for diplomatic or consular purposes,  the department official said. In July, the Kremlin ordered the United States to cut its diplomatic and technical staff in Russia by more than half, to 455 people, to match the number of Russian diplomats in the United States, after the U.S. Congress overwhelmingly approved new sanctions against Russia. Those U.S. sanctions were imposed as punishment for what U.S. intelligence agencies concluded was Moscow s interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election as well as Russia s annexation of the Crimea region of Ukraine. As of early Saturday afternoon, the Russian flag was still seen atop the consulate in San Francisco. Someone opened a window above the main entrance and wedged a small Russian flag there. A small contingent of news media and curious passersby gathered below the building. Images posted on social media on Friday showed black smoke billowing from a chimney of the consulate on the hottest day in San Francisco s recorded history. The smoke prompted speculation that diplomatic staff inside the consulate were burning sensitive documents. Maria Zakharova, the spokeswoman for the Russian foreign ministry, said the fire was part of a  mothballing.  Russia s foreign ministry said on Saturday it had summoned a U.S. diplomat in Moscow to protest what it called plans to conduct searches in Russia s trade mission complex in Washington, another of the buildings ordered closed. Images posted on social media on Friday showed smoke and flames visible outside the trade mission building in Washington. ",1
21133,"Kenyan president, election overturned by court, attacks judiciary","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta said on Saturday the country had a problem with its judiciary, which annulled his election win of last month,  and we must fix it . The Law Society of Kenya said in a strongly worded statement  that Kenyatta, as  the head of state who under the constitution is a symbol of national unity , should refrain from derogatory comments about the judiciary.  Kenyatta, speaking a day after the Supreme Court canceled his victory and ordered new polls within 60 days, repeated his message from Friday that he would respect its ruling. But, speaking on live television at the State House in Nairobi after meeting elected officials from his Jubilee party, he added  Who even elected you?...We have a problem and we must fix it.  He did not elaborate.  The decision to annul the election was unexpected and unprecedented in Africa where governments often hold sway over judges. The president s latest comments mark the second time since Friday s ruling that he has criticized the judiciary in public. On Friday, during an impromptu rally in Nairobi, he accused the court of ignoring the will of the people and dismissed the chief justice s colleagues as  wakora , or crooks. The lawyers  association condemned Kenyatta s use of the Kiswahili word, saying that the judges serving in the highest court had acted  professionally, with honor and dignity .  They...do not deserve the disrespectful treatment they are being shown , the statement read. The president s appearances since the ruling suggest he intends to campaign rigorously for the re-run of the Aug.8 poll.  He said via Twitter on Saturday:  For now let us meet at the ballot.  Attention now turns back to the election board. The court ruled that it had  failed, neglected or refused to conduct the presidential election in a manner consistent with the dictates of the constitution . Raila Odinga, the veteran opposition leader whose coalition brought the petition against the election board to the Supreme Court, said on Friday that some officials from the commission should face criminal prosecution. The chairman of the election board said there would be personnel changes, but it was not clear if that would be enough for the opposition. Sweeping out the whole board would complicate efforts to hold a new poll within two months. Last month s election   which included the presidential poll in addition to races at other levels of government   was one of the most expensive ever held in Africa. Ahead of the vote Kenya s treasury said preparation and conduct of polling would cost the equivalent of around $480 million. Analysts saw the president s latest comments on the judiciary as a worrisome development.  It s extremely unfortunate that Kenyatta seems to be issuing veiled threats at the judiciary,  said Murithi Mutiga, a Nairobi-based senior Africa analyst at the International Crisis Group.   This was a tremendous moment for Kenyan democracy, where the court upheld the rule of law. Politicians should be careful not to incite the public against the judiciary.  On Friday, Chief Justice David Maraga said the Supreme Court s verdict was backed by four of the six judges and declared Kenyatta s victory  invalid, null and void . Details of the ruling will be released within 21 days. Prior to last month s election Maraga spoke out to emphasize the judiciary s independence. In a statement he read out on behalf of the Judicial Service Commission less than a week before the election, he listed instances in which politicians   from the ruling party and the opposition   had tried to intervene in the judiciary s work.   The emerging culture of public lynching of judges and judicial officers by the political class is a vile affront to the rule of law and must be fiercely resisted,  the statement read.  We wish to state that ... the judiciary will not cower to these intimidating tactics.  Kenya s judiciary went through sweeping changes in a bid to restore confidence in the legal system after the bloodshed following the 2007 election. Experts say the constitution adopted in 2010 enshrines protections for the judiciary against interference by the executive.  ",1
21134,Eight Kenyan schoolgirls die in dormitory blaze: government,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Eight Kenyan teenage schoolgirls died and 10 more were hospitalized after a fire engulfed their boarding school dormitory in Nairobi early on Saturday morning, a government official said.  The cause of the fire was not known, and the government ordered Moi Girls School closed for two weeks while it investigated, education minister Fred Matiangi told reporters when he visited the school.  A fire broke out at the school at 2:00am in the morning in one of the dormitories,  said Matiangi. He said the school, which has nearly 1,200 students, is  one of our top schools in the country and... (one) that we are very proud of.   A statement from his office on Saturday evening said the death toll had risen from seven to eight. A shaken 16-year-old schoolgirl, Daniella Maina, told Reuters:  We were sleeping and a girl woke us up and said that our hostel was burning. We were helped to safety by some teachers.   Fires have in the past claimed the lives of dozens of Kenyan boarding school students. In 2001, 58 schoolboys were killed in a dormitory fire at Kyanguli Secondary School outside Nairobi. In 2012, eight students were killed at a school in Homa Bay County in western Kenya. Lax safety standards and poor emergency procedures have been blamed for some past fires at schools and for other tragedies such as the collapse of a residential building in Nairobi in May that killed nearly 50 people.  The Kenyan police did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment on Saturday morning. ",1
21135,"Laughing in crisis, Venezuelan acts out dissident Ortega's tale","CARACAS (Reuters) - Laughing at their own tribulations, Venezuelan theatergoers have been enjoying a new satire about a senior official who broke with President Nicolas Maduro and fled the socialist-ruled country in a boat.  Former chief state prosecutor Luisa Ortega has been one of the protagonists in this year s political crisis in Venezuela, denouncing rights abuses and corruption before finally going into hiding and moving to Colombia in mid-August.  Dressed in a blonde wig and Ortega s trademark office suit, actress Mercedes Benmoha recreates some well-known scenes - and imagines others - in a 15-minute show called  The Prosecutor,  which is proving popular at a small venue in a mall.  Benmoha, who happens to be a lawyer like her subject, acts out a news conference and an imaginary phone call with Ortega s nemesis, state election board head and diehard Maduro ally Tibisay Lucena. She also recreates the once-powerful Ortega s attempt to re-enter her office after authorities fired her and security forces surrounded the building.  Jokes fly about corruption, Maduro, and Ortega s own precipitous fall from power.   We use humor as a defense mechanism,  Benmoha, 35, told Reuters on Friday night, minutes before going on stage for her sellout show.  It s our way to survive, to breathe, to entertain ourselves but also to reflect.   Venezuelans have had little to laugh about this year. A fourth year of recession and runaway inflation have pummeled households, with shortages and hunger widespread.  Months of opposition-led protests led to about 130 deaths and thousands of injuries.  Having first fled to Aruba in a speedboat, Ortega has been traveling round Latin America denouncing the Maduro government, which in turn has accused her of corruption. While Venezuela s opposition has applauded her stance against Maduro, activists also remember she was until recently a pillar of the socialist government and that her office had spearheaded its jailing of political foes. Benmoha, who co-wrote the script for her show, said she watched more than 800 videos of Ortega to study her gestures and mannerisms. But with her subject still making news almost daily, the play is regularly updated.  When the show started in early August, a producer actually invited Ortega, but she was never able to attend.  After Ortega left the country, however, one of her assistants sent a  Lady Justice  statue that had been in her office. Now, it adorns a Caracas stage every night.      ",1
21136,Iran sees little chance of enemy attack: military chief,"DUBAI (Reuters) - - Enemies are unlikely to attack Iran, especially on the ground, the country s military chief predicted on Saturday, saying even  unwise  leaders in the West know that any such conflict would have huge costs for them. U.S. President Donald Trump, adopting an aggressive posture towards Iran after its test launch of a ballistic missile, said in February that  nothing is off the table  in dealing with Tehran, and the White House said it was putting Iran  on notice .   In the remote case of an aggression (by enemies), this won t be on the ground because they would face brave warriors,  Iran s semi-official news agency Tasnim quoted military chief of staff General Mohammad Baqeri as saying.  Thank God, even the unwise who lead world arrogance (the West)... can conclude that attacking the Islamic Republic would entail heavy costs,  Baqeri said at an air defense exhibition.  Even if they would control the start of an aggression, they would not have a say about its end and they won t even be able to limit the war to Iran s borders,  Baqeri added. The United States imposed unilateral sanctions against Iran last month after saying the ballistic missile tests violated a U.N. resolution, which endorsed a 2015 nuclear deal between Tehran and world powers to lift sanctions. The resolution called upon Tehran not to undertake activities related to ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons, including launches using such technology. It stopped short of explicitly barring such activity. Iran denies its missile development breaches the resolution, saying its missiles are not designed to carry nuclear weapons. ",1
21137,Hezbollah says bulk of IS convoy has left Syrian government area,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Most of an Islamic State evacuation convoy stuck in east Syria has crossed out of government territory and is no longer the responsibility of the Syrian government or its ally Hezbollah, the Lebanese Shi ite group said on Saturday.  A U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State has been using warplanes to prevent the convoy from entering territory held by the jihadists in east Syria. Hezbollah and the Syrian army had escorted it from west Syria as part of a truce deal.   The Syrian state and Hezbollah have fulfilled their obligations to transfer buses out of the area of Syrian government control without exposing them,  the statement said.  Hezbollah said in a statement that the U.S.-led jets were still blocking the convoy of fighters and their families, which was stuck in the desert, and were also stopping any aid from reaching it.  Six buses remain in government-held territory under the protection and care of the Syrian state and Hezbollah, the statement said. There were originally 17 buses in the convoy.  Hezbollah said there were old people, casualties and pregnant women in the buses stranded outside Syrian government control in the desert and called on the international community to step in to prevent them coming to harm.  About 300 lightly armed fighters were traveling on the buses, having surrendered their enclave straddling Syria s border with Lebanon on Monday under a deal which allowed them to join their jihadist comrades on the other side of the country.  It angered both the U.S.-led coalition, which does not want more battle-hardened militants in an area where it is operating, and Iraq, which sees them as a threat because the convoy s proposed destination of Al-Bukamal is close to its own border. The Syrian government of President Bashar al-Assad, helped by Russia and Iran-backed militias including Hezbollah, is fighting Islamic State as it pushes eastwards across the desert. A commander in the pro-Assad military alliance said earlier on Saturday that Hezbollah and the Syrian army were seeking an alternative way for the convoy to cross into Islamic State territory, having already tried two other routes.   Work is under way to change the course of the convoy for a second time,  the commander said.  The coalition has vowed to continue monitoring the convoy and disrupting any effort it makes to cross into jihadist territory but said it would not bomb it directly because it contains about 300 civilian family members of the fighters. It has asked Russia to tell the Syrian government that it will not allow the convoy to move further east towards the Iraqi border, according to a statement issued late on Friday.  On Wednesday, the coalition said its jets had cratered a road and destroyed a bridge to stop the convoy progressing, and had bombed some of the jihadists  comrades coming the other way to meet it.  Hezbollah and the Syrian army on Thursday changed the route of the convoy from Humeima, a hamlet deep in the southeast desert, to a location further north, but coalition jets again struck near that route, the commander said.   It was considered a threat, meaning there was no passage that way,  the commander said. On Friday coalition jets made mock air raids over the convoy, the commander added.   It caused panic among the Daeshis. The militants are scared the convoy will be bombarded as soon as it enters Deir al-Zor,  the commander said, using a plural form of the Arabic acronym for Islamic state to refer to its fighters. ",1
21138,Saudi king says kingdom has made progress in tackling terrorism,"MECCA, Saudi Arabia (Reuters) - Saudi King Salman, receiving dignitaries attending the annual Muslim haj pilgrimage, said on Saturday the kingdom had made progress in eradicating terrorism aimed at attacking its holy sites, state news agency SPA reported. Saudi Arabia, which stakes its reputation on its guardianship of Islam s holiest sites and organizing the haj, has been hit by bombings in recent years and uncovered plots to carry out attacks in Mecca.  The limbs of terrorism have sought to harm the holy cities, paying no attention to their sanctity,  SPA quoted King Salman as telling foreign dignitaries at a reception he held in Mecca, where more than 2 million pilgrims are performing haj.   But the kingdom, by the grace of God and in cooperation with its sisters and friends, has made big successes in eradicating terrorism and has worked decisively and with determination to dry its sources,  he added, without elaborating. Salman also said Saudi Arabia had devoted all its material and human resources to ensure the safety of pilgrims who come from all over the world to perform the five-day ritual, a religious duty to be undertaken once in a lifetime by every able-bodied Muslim who can afford the journey.  We are determined, with God s permission, to continue to provide the highest level of services for the two holy mosques ... to ensure the safety of those who seek the sacred house of God,  he said. The pilgrimage has frequently been hit by stampedes and fires. In the most recent incident, hundreds of pilgrims were killed in a crush two years ago. ",1
21139,"Suicide bombers attack power station north of Baghdad, killing seven: police","TIKRIT, Iraq (Reuters) - Suicide bombers struck a state-run power station north of Baghdad early on Saturday, killing seven people and forcing the facility to shut down in an attack claimed by Islamic State, police and army sources said. At least three gunmen wearing explosive vests attacked the power station around 3 a.m. local time, near the northern city of Samarra, about 100 km (60 miles) north of Baghdad. They used grenades to enter the facility.  I was on my night shift and suddenly heard shooting and blasts. A few minutes later I saw one attacker wearing a military uniform and throwing grenades through the windows,  said Raied Khalid, a worker who was injured by shrapnel. Security sources said the three gunmen briefly took control of the station, but police managed to regain control after three hours. Islamic State later claimed responsibility for the attack in a statement.   Four policemen and three workers were killed in the assault, in which 13 were wounded, police and medical sources from a nearby hospital said. One of the attackers, who was cornered by security forces, detonated his suicide vest near one the power generators, causing a fire.  The two other gunmen were killed, security sources said, either by blowing themselves up or in clashes with the security forces. Operations at the facility were expected to be suspended briefly, while repairs were under way, electricity officials said. ",1
21140,Frankfurt starts evacuation before attempt to defuse WWII bomb,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Frankfurt emergency service staff started to evacuate patients from two hospitals in Germany s financial capital on Saturday ahead of the planned defusing of a massive World War Two bomb. Some 60,000 people have to leave their homes early on Sunday in Germany s biggest evacuation since the war while officials disarm the 1.4 tonne British bomb. It was discovered on a building site in Frankfurt s leafy Westend, where many wealthy bankers live. More than 100 hospital patients, including premature infants and those in intensive care, were evacuated on Saturday, Frankfurt city councillor Markus Frank told Reuters television. More than 2,000 tonnes of live bombs and munitions are found each year in Germany, even under buildings. In July, a kindergarten was evacuated after teachers discovered an unexploded World War Two bomb on a shelf among some toys. Frankfurt fire and police chiefs said they would use force and incarceration if necessary to clear the area of residents, warning that an uncontrolled explosion of the bomb would be big enough to flatten a city block. The HC 4000 bomb is assumed to have been dropped by Britain s Royal Air Force during the 1939-45 war. The country was pummeled by 1.5 million tonnes of bombs from British and American warplanes that killed 600,000 people. German officials estimate 15 percent of the bombs failed to explode, some burrowing six meters (yards) deep. Three police explosives experts in Goettingen were killed in 2010 while preparing to defuse a 1,000 lb (450 kg) bomb. The compulsory evacuation radius of 1.5 km (roughly a mile) around the bomb includes police headquarters, two hospitals, transport systems and Germany s central bank storing $70 billion in gold reserves. Frankfurt s residents have to clear the area by 8 a.m. (0600 GMT) on Sunday and police will ring every doorbell and use helicopters with heat-sensing cameras to make sure nobody is left behind before they start diffusing the bomb. Roads and transport systems, including the parts of the underground, will be closed during the work and for at least two hours after the bomb is defused, to allow patients to be transported back to hospitals. Air traffic from Frankfurt airport could also be affected if there is an easterly wind on Sunday. Also, small private planes, helicopters and drones will be banned from the evacuation zone. Frankfurters can spend the day at shelters set up at the trade fair and the Jahrhunderthalle convention center. Most museums are offering residents free entry on Sunday, and a few of them will open their doors earlier in the morning than usual. ",1
21141,Russia hands note of protest to U.S. over plans to search trade mission,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s foreign ministry has summoned a U.S. diplomat in Moscow to hand him a note of protest over plans to conduct searches in Russia s trade mission complex in Washington, which should soon be closed, the ministry said in a statement on Saturday. It said it has summoned Anthony F. Godfrey, a deputy chief of mission at the U.S. Embassy in Moscow. The ministry called the planned  illegal inspection  of Russian diplomatic housing an  unprecedented aggressive action , which could be used by the U.S. special services for  anti-Russian provocations  by the way of  planting compromised items . The closure by Sept. 2 of the consulate and buildings in Washington and New York that house Russian trade missions is the latest in tit-for-tat actions by the two countries that have helped push relations to a new post-Cold War low. The Kremlin has said the moves to close the Russian facilities pushed bilateral ties further into a dead end. On Friday, the Russian foreign ministry also said the U.S. special services were prepared for searches in its consulate in San Francisco. Some media reported that a smoke was billowing from a chimney of the building. Maria Zakharova, the spokeswoman for the ministry, said it was part of a  mothballing .  In relation to this, the windows could be closed, the light could be turned off, the water could be drained out, the heating appliances could be turned off, the garbage could be thrown away, essential services could be turned off and many other things,  she wrote on social media. Moscow last month ordered the United States to cut its diplomatic and technical staff in Russia by more than half, to 455 people to match the number of Russian diplomats in the United States, after Congress overwhelmingly approved new sanctions against Russia. ",1
21142,"With prayer, sacrifices, Pakistani Muslims celebrate Eid al-Adha","KARACHI, Pakistan (Reuters) - Muslims in Pakistan crowded mosques and prayer grounds across the country to offer prayers and sacrifice goats and cows for Eid al-Adha holiday on Saturday, marking the second major religious festival of Islam. Security was tight, with authorities on guard from any possible attack by religious extremists who have carried out bombings across the country in recent years.  Today, we are here to offer Eid prayers,  said worshipper Saleem Ahmed at a ceremony in Karachi, Pakistan s largest city.  The security arrangements were very good. May Allah approve our prayers.  Eid al-Adha commemorates the Koranic tale of the Prophet Abraham s willingness to sacrifice his son as an act of obedience to Allah, before Allah replaced the son with a ram to be sacrificed instead. A similar story involving Abraham is recounted in the holy books of Judaism and Christianity. It is tradition for those who can afford it to sacrifice domestic animals as a symbol of Abraham s willingness to sacrifice his only son. The result is a booming pre-holiday trade in goats, cows and sheep. In Pakistan alone, nearly 10 million animals, worth more than $3 billion, are slaughtered during the two days of Eid al-Adha, according to the Pakistan Tanners  Association.  We are presenting sacrifices to follow the path of the prophet Abraham. We should not forget our poor and needy Muslim brethren on this occasion,  Karachi resident Mohamad Muzammil said at the prayer ground where cows and goats were being slaughtered. Eid al-Adha marks the end of an annual Hajj, or pilgrimage to Mecca, which is one of the five pillars of Islam, and should be undertaken by every Muslim who can afford to do so. With a population of about 208 million people, Pakistan is the sixth most-populous country in the world, and has the second largest Muslim population after Indonesia. About 97 percent of Pakistanis are Muslims. ",1
21143,"Australia, East Timor reach agreement on maritime border","MELBOURNE/THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Australia and East Timor have reached a breakthrough agreement on a maritime border, ending a decade-old row between the two nations that has stalled a $40 billion offshore gas project.   The Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague announced on Saturday that the neighboring countries had reached an agreement  on the central elements of a maritime boundary delimitation between them in the Timor Sea    but that details would remain confidential until the deal was finalised. Arbitration began last year and the talks, hosted by Denmark, resulted in a deal on Aug. 30. The countries agreed to establish a special regime for the Greater Sunrise field, paving the way for its development and the sharing of the resulting revenue, the court said in a statement.  Until all issues are resolved, the details of the Parties  agreement will remain confidential,  the statement said.  Nevertheless, the Parties agree that the agreement reached on 30 August 2017 marks a significant milestone in relations between them and in the historic friendship between the peoples of Timor-Leste and Australia.  The leader of East Timor s delegation, chief negotiator and former President Xanana Gusm o, hailed the agreement as a historic moment which would mark the beginning of  a new era in Timor-Leste s friendship with Australia .      I thank the Commission for its resolve and skill in bringing the Parties together, through a long and at times difficult process, to help us achieve our dream of full sovereignty and to finally settle our maritime boundaries with Australia,  Gusm o said. Timor, a former Portuguese colony, has struggled to develop as an independent nation since a violent break from occupying forces from Indonesia in 1999. Gas reserves, once claimed by Australia, is a key to its economic future.  The long-running political dispute has led the owners of the Greater Sunrise fields - Woodside Petroleum, ConocoPhillips, Royal Dutch Shell and Japan s Osaka Gas - to shelve the project.    The fields are estimated to hold 5.1 trillion cubic feet (144 billion cubic meters) of gas and 226 million barrels of condensate, which analysts have estimated could be worth $40 billion. The existing maritime boundary is aligned with Australia s continental shelf, but East Timor has long argued the border should lie half way between it and Australia - placing much of  the Greater Sunrise fields under its control.         Australia had previously resisted renegotiating a permanent border but under pressure from the United Nations has agreed to enter talks with East Timor. Australia Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said the agreement was a  landmark day  in the relationship between Timor-Leste and Australia.   This agreement, which supports the national interest of both our nations, further strengthens the long-standing and deep ties between our governments and our people,  Bishop said.     Australia earlier this year agreed to allow East Timor to terminate an oil revenue sharing treaty between the two countries, while earlier treaties that govern production remain in place. East Timor withdrew legal proceedings it launched over the past few years against Australia challenging the validity of the Treaty on Certain Maritime Arrangements in the Timor Sea, to advance the conciliation process, a joint statement said in January. Having reached an agreement, the two countries will continue to meet with the commission in order to finalize talks in October.  The commission said the countries  will now begin to engage with other stakeholders in the Timor Sea regarding the implications of their agreement,  in particular with respect to the Greater Sunrise resource .  ",1
21144,"NAFTA envoys lay out proposals, try to block Trump noise","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Trade negotiators from Canada, the United States and Mexico presented more proposals for a renewed North American Free Trade Agreement on Friday and tried to put behind them threats from U.S. President Donald Trump to pull out of the treaty.  Teams from the three countries kicked off a second round of talks in Mexico City on 25 areas of closed-door discussion, with subjects such as digital commerce and small businesses seen as areas where consensus was possible, officials said. The teams did not debate details, according to officials, but one union leader present said that U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross had indicated he favored North American content of more than 70 percent in autos built in the NAFTA region. Taking up where they left off in Washington talks two weeks ago, the delegations were showing each other proposed language for reworking the accord, without yet seeking to thrash out mutually acceptable compromises, officials present told Reuters. Trump s multiple attacks on NAFTA in the build-up to the Mexico City round were seen by Mexican and Canadian officials as a ploy to wring concessions, but they have heightened uncertainty over the accord. Away from the diplomatic noise, the Mexico talks are expected to help define the priorities of each nation rather than yield major advances. Nevertheless, Trump s warnings have Mexico preparing for something hard to imagine even a few months ago - life without the agreement that boosted trilateral trade to around $1 trillion annually from $290 billion in 1993. The Sept. 1-5 talks will touch on some thorny topics such as rules governing local content in products made in North America, Mexico s economy ministry said in a statement. Substantial discussion of such areas is unlikely in either this round or the next one, a source familiar with the process said.  We do not expect any major breakthroughs or major developments in this round. We really don t,  one official familiar with the negotiating process said. Mexican officials believe Trump wants to include rules that a certain amount of content must be made in the United States. The head of Unifor, Canada s largest private sector union, Jerry Dias, told reporters he had suggested in a recent meeting with U.S. Commerce Secretary Ross that the NAFTA content level for autos be raised to 70 percent from the current 62.5 percent. But Ross, he said, had proposed a  more aggressive  level. Hundreds of small farmers and union members including speakers from Canada gathered outside the Mexican Congress on Friday to demand that NAFTA be reworked to truly help workers. Trump and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau spoke by phone on Thursday and stressed they wanted to reach a NAFTA deal by the end of 2017, the White House said. An accord by year end that significantly changes NAFTA is seen as unlikely. The goal is for an agreement before Mexico s 2018 presidential campaign starts in earnest. Officials fear the campaign will politicize talks, with nationalist frontrunner Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador already recommending a tougher line from Mexico. Nevertheless, one Mexican official noted that Trump s repeated threats put pressure on his negotiators, forcing them to adopt tougher positions  than they would like,  while another official said they were ready to leave the table if needed. Trump said this week he might trigger a 180-day countdown to withdraw from NAFTA while the talks were ongoing to help meet his goals, which include sharply reducing a $64 billion annual U.S. trade deficit with Mexico. NAFTA, first implemented in 1994, eliminates most tariffs on trade between the United States, Canada and Mexico.  Critics say it has drawn jobs from the United States and Canada to Mexico, where workers are paid far lower wages. Supporters say it has created U.S. jobs, and that the loss of manufacturing from the United States has more to do with China than Mexico. If NAFTA collapses, costs could rise for hundreds of billions of dollars of trade as tariffs are brought back. Free-trade lobby groups say consumers would be saddled with higher prices and less availability of products ranging from avocados and berries to heavy trucks.    Mexican Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo and Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray told officials in Washington on Wednesday that Mexico would walk away from the negotiations if Trump pulls the trigger on withdrawing from the deal.  Juan Pablo Castanon, president of Mexico s Business Coordination Council representing the private sector in the talks, said the country was refining a  Plan B  that could be up and running within three months of an eventual NAFTA collapse. Talking on Mexican television, he said the plan included striking new trade arrangements in Asia and Latin America, sourcing alternate suppliers such as Brazil for grains now imported from the United States, and finding ways to recreate investor guarantees that are included in NAFTA. Graphic on trade battles: tmsnrt.rs/2oYClp2 Graphic: NAFTA's benefit to the breadbasket - tmsnrt.rs/2tNMtlc ",1
21145,Factbox: Key issues in the NAFTA renegotiations,"(Reuters) - Negotiators from Canada, Mexico and the United States are meeting for a second round of talks to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement, amid threats by U.S. President Donald Trump to pull out of the deal. NAFTA, first implemented in 1994, eliminates most tariffs on trade between the United States, Canada and Mexico. Critics say it has drawn jobs from the U.S. and Canada to Mexico, where workers are badly paid. Supporters say it has created U.S. jobs, and the loss of manufacturing from the United States has more to do with China than Mexico. Key issues facing negotiators include: NAFTA says in order for a good to be traded duty-free within the three countries, it must contain a certain percentage of North American content, which differs for various products. The rule of origin is most contentious in the auto industry; cars must contain at least 62.5 percent American, Canadian or Mexican content.  The United States wants to increase the content threshold for NAFTA goods in a bid to return manufacturing jobs to the United States, and the auto industry has conceded that the rules should be updated to account for auto components that did not exist when the original deal was signed.  Canada has said it is prepared to discuss some strengthening of rule of origin in the auto sector, but any change must apply equally to all three countries.  Mexico is willing to look at strengthening rules, but warns that going too far will make the region less competitive. The United States has sought to ditch the so-called Chapter 19 tool, under which binational panels hear complaints about illegal subsidies and dumping and then issue binding decisions.  The United States has frequently lost such cases since NAFTA came into effect in 1994, and the mechanism has hindered it from pursing anti-dumping and anti-subsidy cases against Canadian and Mexican companies. Washington also argues that Chapter 19 infringes on the sovereignty of its domestic laws.  Canada has said Chapter 19 can be updated, but said a dispute settlement mechanism is its  red line  and must be part of any updated NAFTA.  Mexico also says dispute settlement mechanisms are a vital part of the deal to give investors security. U.S. negotiators are seeking to allow U.S. seasonal produce growers to file anti-dumping cases against Mexico. Seasonal fruit and vegetable growers in the southeastern United States have come under increasing pressure from year-round Mexican imports under NAFTA and are seeking the ability to pursue anti-subsidy and anti-dumping cases or seek temporary import quotas.  But U.S. retailers and food industry groups argue that American producers could be left open to retaliatory measures if more complaints were to be filed, for instance, against avocados, tomatoes and other produce imported from Mexico. Quotas are a feature of NAFTA in several agricultural commodities including dairy and sugar, but Washington is seeking to eliminate non-tariff barriers to U.S. agricultural exports.  Most notably, U.S. President Donald Trump has called Canada s restrictions on dairy imports a  disgrace.   Although dairy was excluded from the original 1994 deal, the United States is seeking to eliminate non-tariff barriers to its agricultural exports. The United States is seeking a provision to deter currency manipulation. While Washington wants a mechanism to ensure the NAFTA countries avoid tinkering with exchange rates to gain a competitive advantage, neither Canada nor Mexico is on the U.S. Treasury s currency manipulation watch list.  Critics say the U.S. demand is an attempt to get currency manipulation into a global trade agreement to establish a precedent with other trading partners, including China. The United States is pushing for governments in Canada and Mexico to open up their tender processes to U.S.-made products but at the same time is defending existing  Buy American  procurement laws.  The Buy American provisions have blocked the use of Canadian steel to build U.S. bridges, and Canada is pushing for a freer market for government procurement.  Mexico says it expects government procurement, already included in NAFTA, to be part of the renegotiation. INVESTOR-STATE DISPUTE SETTLEMENT The United States has proposed minor tweaking of the NAFTA Chapter 11 provisions, designed to ensure that firms that invest abroad receive  fair and equitable  treatment by foreign governments.  As with Chapter 19, opponents of the provisions argue they infringe on sovereignty which benefits multinational corporations. Canada wants to update the mechanism to allow governments to regulate in the interest of the environment or labor, as in the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement that Canada recently negotiated with the European Union. ",1
21146,Vietnam says violations found at central bank in war on graft,"HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnam has found faults with the central State Bank of Vietnam, including poor supervision of credit organizations and inefficiency in preventing corruption, the government said on Saturday. The announcement, which was published on the government s website, came amid an intensifying crackdown on corruption that has pushed many state executives and government officials into the spotlight. The Government Inspectorate found the bank slow and not complying with regulations when publicizing its properties and revenues, the report said, without elaborating.  Government officials have to reveal their incomes and properties to the public. Inspectors also pointed out violations by SBV s banking supervision agency, a department in charge of overseeing and examining credit organizations, from 2010 to 2015.   Credit organizations had several faults but during inspection, the supervising department did not promptly detect them to deal with and prevent them,  the government said. The inspectorate has called for the state bank governor to investigate groups and individuals behind the violations.  Vietnam s crackdown on corruption and mismanagement, with a focus on inefficient state-owned companies, earlier led to the rare dismissal of a member of the politburo and the sacking of a vice-minister. Four more officials from a scandal hit state-oil firm are being prosecuted over links to investment losses in a local bank. ",1
21147,Australian military probes 'rumors' of possible war crimes in Afghanistan,"MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Australia s military watchdog has issued a public plea for information regarding rumors of possible war crimes committed by Australian troops in Afghanistan. The Australian Broadcasting Corporation reported in July on an alleged cover-up of the killing of an Afghan boy as well as hundreds of pages of leaked defense force documents relating to the secretive operations of the country s special forces. On Friday, the Inspector-General of the Australian Defence Force released a statement saying it was conducting an inquiry  into rumors of possible breaches of the Laws of Armed Conflict  by Australian troops in Afghanistan between 2005 and 2016.  The inquiry would like anyone who has information regarding possible breaches of the Laws of Armed Conflict by Australian forces in Afghanistan, or rumors of them, to contact the inquiry,  the statement read.  Australia is not a member of NATO but is a staunch U.S. ally and has had troops in Afghanistan since 2002. As recently as May, Australia recommitted to the 16-year-long, seemingly intractable war against the Taliban and other Islamist militants by sending an additional 30 troops to Afghanistan to join the NATO-led training and assistance mission. That brought Australia s total Afghan deployment to 300 troops.  ",1
21148,Colombia's FARC political party looks to coalition for 2018 elections,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia s disarmed FARC rebels have their eye on forming a political coalition for the 2018 elections, ex-rebel leaders said on Friday, as the group marked its transition to a political party with a concert in Bogota s central square. The former Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), whose political party will be called the Revolutionary Alternative Common Force, ended its part in a decades-long war that has killed more than 220,000 people under a 2016 deal which granted amnesty to most of its fighters.  The decision by the group to preserve its famous FARC Spanish acronym raised eyebrows, given many Colombians associate the word with decades of bloodshed. Whether the ex-rebels can convince Colombians, many of whom revile them, to back the new party remains to be seen. The FARC will hold 10 automatic seats in Congress through 2026 under the terms of the accord and may campaign for others.  Both legislative and presidential elections are set for 2018 and the party plans to reach out to ideological allies to try to form a coalition, without abandoning its Marxist commitments to land reform and social justice, the group said.  We are continuing, via an exclusively political path, our historic goal and aspiration for a new order of social justice and true democracy in our country,  said secretariat member Ivan Marquez at a closing event for the group s six-day conference to inaugurate the new party.  We want our ideas to be available for a transitional government of reconciliation and peace for the elections in 2018, whose foundation will be a great democratic coalition,  Marquez said. The formal party launch, featuring musical performances and a planned speech by FARC leader Rodrigo Londono, known by his nom de guerre Timochenko, took place in Bogota s colonial Bolivar Square on Friday in front of a crowd of thousands.  Long live peace!  shouted the crowd, as FARC members on stage displayed banners reading  Welcome to political life.   We don t want one more drop of blood for political reasons, we don t want any mother to spill tears because her children suffer violence,  Londono said.  That s why we don t hesitate to extend our hands in a gesture of forgiveness and reconciliation. We want a Colombia without hate.  Londono said the party would focus on fighting corruption and poverty, especially in rural areas, and that politics would not be easy.  Our first step now is to present to Colombia our political party, its strategic program, our proposal for political action,  Londono added. The FARC s often old-fashioned Marxist rhetoric strikes many as a throwback to their 1964 founding, but concrete proposals for reforms to complicated property laws could get traction with rural voters who struggle as subsistence farmers. FARC leaders have repeatedly expressed fears that members could be targeted for assassinations in a repeat of the 1980s killings of some 5,000 members of the rebel-allied Patriotic Union party, which grew out of a failed peace process with the government. ",1
21149,"U.S., South Korea agree to revise missile treaty in face of North Korean threats","SEOUL (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump agreed with South Korean President Moon Jae-in to revise a joint treaty capping the development of the South s ballistic missiles, Moon s office said on Saturday, amid a standoff over North Korea s missile and nuclear tests. Trump also gave  conceptual  approval to the purchase by the South of billions of dollars of U.S. military hardware, the White House said.  The South wants to raise the missile cap to boost its defenses against the reclusive North, which is pursuing missile and nuclear weapons programs in defiance of international warnings and UN sanctions.  The two leaders agreed to the principle of revising the missile guideline to a level desired by South Korea, sharing the view that it was necessary to strengthen South Korea s defense capabilities in response to North Korea s provocations and threats,  South Korea s presidential Blue House said. Impoverished North Korea and the rich, democratic South are technically still at war because their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty. The North regularly threatens to destroy the South and its main ally, the United States. North Korea sharply raised regional tension this week with the launch of its Hwasong-12 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew over Japan and landed in the Pacific. That followed the test launch of two long-range ballistic missiles in July in a sharply lofted trajectory that demonstrated a potential range of 10,000 km (6,000 miles) or more that would put many parts of the U.S. mainland within striking distance. North Korea has been working to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the United States and has recently threatened to land missiles near the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam. South Korea s development of its ballistic missiles is limited to range of 800 km (500 miles) and payload weight of 500 kg (1,100 pounds) under a bilateral treaty revised in 2012.  South Korea has said it wants to revise the agreement to increase the cap on the payload. The two countries agreed to the cap as part of a commitment to a voluntary international arms-control pact known as the Missile Technology Control Regime, aimed at limiting the proliferation missiles and nuclear weapons.  The two leaders pledged to continue to apply strong diplomatic and economic pressure on North Korea and to make all necessary preparations to defend against the growing threat by the North, the White House said. The White House did not mention the voluntary bilateral agreement but said the two leaders agreed to strengthen their defense cooperation and South Korea s defense capabilities. Trump  provided his conceptual approval of planned purchases by South Korea of billions of dollars in American military equipment , the White House said. Trump, who has warned that the U.S. military is  locked and loaded  in case of further North Korean provocation, reacted angrily to the latest missile test, declaring on Twitter that  talking is not the answer  to resolving the crisis. North Korea defends its weapons programs as necessary to counter perceived U.S. aggression, such as recent air maneuvers with South Korean and Japanese jets. ",1
21150,At least three dead as Lidia slams Mexico's Los Cabos tourist hub,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - At least three people died after torrential rain from  Tropical Storm Lidia provoked major flooding around Mexico s popular Los Cabos beach resort on Friday, authorities said. Featuring maximum sustained winds of 60 miles per hour (97 kph), the storm was projected to move north over a large swath of Mexico s Baja California peninsula before turning west toward the Pacific on Sunday. Local television footage showed abandoned cars and trucks in washed-out roads, as well as destroyed beach-front structures. Lidia, about 55 miles (89 km) north-northeast of Cabo San Lazaro, was moving at a speed of 12 miles per hour (19 kmh) as it skirted the western coast of the peninsula, according to an advisory from the Miami-based National Hurricane Center (NHC). Luis Felipe Puente, the head of national emergency services, told Reuters that the storm claimed a child and two adults who were trying to cross a raging river. Lidia also provoked power outages, damaged houses and roads, as well as forcing some 2,800 people into local shelters. While the storm is forecast to further weaken over the next couple of days, it is expected to dump between 6 to 12 inches (15-30 cm) of rain across the peninsula as well as parts of Sinaloa and Sonora states.  These rains may cause life-threatening flash floods and mudslides,  the NHC said in its advisory. ",1
21151,U.S. Commerce Secretary wants NAFTA autos content above 70 percent: union chief,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross wants more than 70 percent of North American content in vehicles built in the United States, Canada and Mexico under a renegotiated NAFTA trade deal, the head of Canada s largest private sector union said on Friday. Jerry Dias, national president of Unifor, told reporters he suggested in a recent meeting with Ross that the level be raised to 70 percent from the current 62.5 percent, and that the U.S. commerce secretary suggested a  more aggressive  level. Ross has long advocated strengthening the rules of origin for the auto industry as a way to bring back automotive production from Asia and other non-NAFTA countries. Negotiations to revamp the North American Free Trade Agreement are in their second round this weekend in Mexico City, where rules of origin are expected to be discussed. U.S. negotiators, however, may not reveal specific rules of origin targets until later rounds, according to auto industry lobbyists.  In fairness to Wilbur, he was more aggressive than I was,  Dias said of Ross  desired North American content level. Dias said he thought that a 70 percent rule would be a step in the right direction for an industry whose jobs have migrated from the United States and Canada to Mexico, and would help shift production of some automotive electronics and other parts from Asia and Europe back to North America. A spokesman for Ross in Washington could not immediately be reached for comment. Dias said tougher NAFTA rules of origin would only be a small part of restoring manufacturing jobs, and that far stronger labor standards were needed to boost wages in Mexico that are far below those in the United States and Canada. He said he agreed with U.S. President Donald Trump s threat to terminate NAFTA if it cannot be improved enough.  NAFTA has been a disaster for workers in Canada, Mexico and the United States. So when he threatens to walk away from it, that s OK. So now we need to reconfigure how we fix things,  he said. At the same time, Dias said that Trump was  not an ally  of unions, describing him as  batshit crazy.  ",1
21152,Trump to nominate Juster to be ambassador to India: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will nominate Kenneth Juster to be ambassador to India, the White House said on Friday. Juster was a deputy assistant to Trump for international economic affairs and the deputy director of the National Economic Council until June. From 2001 to 2005 he was under secretary of Commerce under former president George W. Bush.    ",1
21153,Suspected Boko Haram members kill 18 people in northeast Nigeria,"MAIDUGURI, Nigeria (Reuters) - Suspected Boko Haram militants killed 18 people in northeast Nigeria on Friday, according to local witnesses and officials, the latest in an escalating number of lethal attacks in the region. The knife-wielding attackers, moving under cover of night,  targeted people in the town of Banki, 80 miles (130 km) southeast of the city of Maiduguri in Borno state, the epicenter of the eight-year conflict with Boko Haram, said a community leader and a local member of a vigilante group. The attack on the town, which sits on the border with Cameroon, is the latest in a string of deadly Boko Haram raids and bombings that have undermined the Nigerian military s statements that the insurgency is all but defeated. The frequency of attacks in northeastern Nigeria has increased in the last few months, killing at least 172 people since June 1 before Friday s attack, according to a Reuters tally. The attack on Banki left 18 dead, according to Modu Perobe, a member of the Civilian Joint Task Force, a regional vigilante group. Abor Ali, a local ruler, confirmed the death toll. Boko Haram s eight-year insurgency has left at least 20,000 dead and sparked one of the largest humanitarian crises in the world, with tens of thousands already in famine-like conditions, according to the United Nations. Some 8.5 million people in the worst affected parts of northeast Nigeria are now in need of some form of humanitarian assistance, with 5.2 million people lacking secure access to food, the U.N. has said. ",1
21154,Brazilian prosecutors want Lula absolved in corruption case,"SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be cleared of any wrongdoing in one of several corruption cases pending against him in federal court due to a lack of evidence, prosecutors said on Friday. The federal prosecutors said in a statement that former Senator Delcidio Amaral had lied about Lula, as one of the country s most popular politicians is known, as part of a plea-bargain agreement. His testimony was key to Lula s legal entanglements, the statement added, saying Amaral himself should be put on trial for perjury. Amaral has accused Lula of working with billionaire financier Andre Esteves to buy the silence of a top executive at Petroleo Brasileiro, the state-controlled oil company, about alleged corrupt acts committed by Lula. The obstruction of justice case is one of five for which Lula is still expected to go on trial in federal court.   The prosecutors also recommended that charges against Esteves, the founder, former chief executive officer and largest shareholder in investment bank Grupo BTG Pactual SA, be dropped. Lula s legal team, in a written statement, welcomed the prosecutors  statement as  just  and said it proved he never acted to obstruct justice. Amaral s lawyer Eduardo Marzagao denied that his client had lied, however. The former president was convicted in July in a separate case and sentenced to 9-1/2 years in prison for accepting 3.7 million reais ($1.18 million) worth of bribes from engineering firm OAS SA [OAS.UL]. That ruling marked a stunning fall for Lula, a founder of the Workers Party, and a serious blow to his chances of a political comeback. The former union leader, who remains free pending an appeal, won global praise for policies to reduce inequality in Brazil.  The verdict represented the highest-profile conviction yet in a sweeping corruption investigation that has rattled Brazil for more than three years, revealing a sprawling system of graft at top levels of business and government. More than 100 powerful business and political figures have been found guilty since the anti-graft push began in early 2014. Brazil s lower house of Congress voted last month to reject a corruption charge against current President Michel Temer for allegedly taking bribes, sparing him from facing a possible Supreme Court trial that could have ousted him from office. More corruption charges are expected to filed in the coming weeks against Temer, Rodrigo Janot, Brazil s prosecutor general, has said. ",1
21155,Exclusive: Displaced Rohingya in camps face aid crisis after Myanmar violence,"SITTWE, Myanmar (Reuters) - Around 120,000 displaced people - mostly Rohingya Muslims - in camps in Myanmar s Rakhine state are not receiving food supplies or healthcare after the U.N. and aid groups suspended operations following government accusations of supporting insurgents. Nearly 400 people have died in fighting in the far north of the state after Rohingya militants attacked police posts and an army base a week ago, provoking a major army counteroffensive. The impact from the conflict has now spread, including to the state capital Sittwe further south, where some 90,000 Rohingya have lived in camps since an outbreak of communal violence rocked the city in 2012, killing nearly 200 people. A further 30,000 Rohingya are housed in camps elsewhere in the state, while a small number of ethnic Rakhine Buddhists displaced in the 2012 violence also live in separate camps.  As a result of the disruption of activities in central Rakhine state, many people are currently not receiving their normal food assistance and primary healthcare services have been severely disrupted,  said Pierre Peron, a spokesman for the United Nations  Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA). The U.N. and international aid groups had already evacuated all  non-critical  staff from the north of the state amid intensifying fighting and after the office of national leader Aung San Suu Kyi repeatedly published pictures of World Food Programme (WFP) energy biscuits allegedly found at an insurgent camp. Suu Kyi s office also said it was investigating aid groups support for the insurgents in one incident. Now contractors working for the WFP, a U.N. agency, have refused to carry food to the camps in Sittwe and elsewhere. Staff with international aid groups who run clinics inside the large, densely populated camps have also been afraid to show up for work, leading to the closure of facilities, U.N. sources and aid workers told Reuters. Local staff were afraid of being intimidated by Rakhine Buddhist hardliners, and some worried about being attacked by Muslims, the sources said. Sanitation is also a major problem - contractors cleaning latrines in the camps have also refused to work and the latrines are overflowing in the monsoon rains, increasing the risk of cholera and other waterborne diseases, they said.   The treatment of Myanmar s roughly 1.1 million Rohingya, who have long complained of persecution in Buddhist majority Myanmar, is the biggest challenge facing Suu Kyi. The top U.N. human rights official, Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein, has criticized Suu Kyi s office for  irresponsible  suggestions that aid agencies may have assisted Rohingya militants calling themselves the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA).      #WFP Aid & #ARSA terrorists : #Myanmar Govt asking #WFP, Aid for civilian or terrorists? #Rakhine #Myanmar,  said Suu Kyi s spokesman, Zaw Htay, in a tweet on Thursday. Tin Maung Swe, secretary of the Rakhine state government, confirmed that workers have refused to work for the WFP.    Laborers who carry the WFP food bags don t want to contract with them any more. People who have made contract with WFP refused to work for them,  he said. He added that residents were  disgusted  with the organization following the government s accusations.      Tin Maung Swe also said that the government was trying to find  a different way to support the organization . Rakhine Buddhist leaders have long bemoaned the presence of international agencies, who they accuse of favoring the Rohingya. Aid offices in Sittwe were sacked during 2014 riots. The discovery at a suspected militant camp on July 30 of WFP-branded biscuits intended for malnourished children had further stoked tensions even before last week s attacks. Accusations against the U.N. have been spread on social media by nationalist hardliners, stoking fears of another outbreak of communal violence in a state that has long been divided along religious and ethnic lines. International aid agencies operating in Myanmar issued a statement on Thursday condemning the insurgent attacks and subsequent violence, and urging  all stakeholders to cease the spread of misinformation . The OCHA s Peron said the disruption was already being felt.  Humanitarian aid normally goes to these vulnerable people for a very good reason, because they depend on it,  he said.    In addition to the closure of camp clinics, Rohingya who have been referred to the main hospital in Sittwe for more serious complaints were finding it hard to travel there, said the hospital s chief doctor Kyaw Naing Win.  There have been some constraints for them to come to the hospital because of the tighter security control after recent clashes,  he said, but added the hospital did not discriminate against them. Kyaw Naing Win said he arranged for the state government to provide security for 17 Muslim patients who were discharged from the hospital on Thursday. Even before the recent violence Rohingya camp residents faced severe restrictions on their movements around Sittwe. Talks between government and relief agencies are scheduled for next week, aid group sources told Reuters. Possible solutions might include the government providing security escorts for food convoys, they added. (This story has been refiled to remove extraneous words in paragraph 6)  ",1
21156,U.S.-led coalition says still monitoring IS convoy in Syria,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A convoy of Islamic State fighters and their families being evacuated into jihadist territory in east Syria remained in government-held areas of Syria on Friday, U.S.-led forces said.   It has not managed to link up with any other ISIS elements in eastern Syria,  said Colonel Ryan Dillon, spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State.  There are about 300 fighters and about 300 civilians in the convoy, which the Syrian army and Lebanon s Hezbollah group granted safe passage after the jihadists surrendered their enclave on Syria s border with Lebanon. But the coalition against Islamic State has used air strikes to block the convoy from crossing into the group s main territory straddling Syria s eastern border with Iraq. The Islamic State fighters in the border pocket accepted a truce and evacuation deal after simultaneous but separate offensives by the Lebanese army on one front and the Syrian army and Hezbollah on the other. It angered both the coalition, which does not want the fighters bussed to a battlefront in which it is active, and Iraq, which is fighting Islamic State across the border.   We are continuing to monitor that convoy and will continue to disrupt its movement east to link up with any other ISIS element and we will continue to strike any other ISIS elements that try to move toward it,  Dillon said.  The coalition has asked Russia to tell the Syrian government that it will not allow the convoy to move further east to the Iraqi border, the coalition said in a statement.  Syrian President Bashar al-Assad gave prayers on Friday for Islam s Eid al-Adha festival in the town of Qara, near the enclave surrendered on Monday by the Islamic State fighters. Confined to Damascus for long periods in the early part of Syria s six-year civil war, Assad has grown more confident in traveling around government-held areas as the army and its allies have won a series of victories.  Assad was shown on state television standing and kneeling on a green carpet in a packed mosque alongside Syrian religious leaders as he followed the imam giving prayers.  The departure of Islamic State and other groups from the Western Qalamoun district means the border with Lebanon is Syria s first to be controlled entirely by its army since early in the conflict.  Qara is only a few miles from the mountains delineating the frontier with Lebanon, in which Islamic State and other militant groups held territory until August.  Part of an agreed exchange under the truce went ahead on Thursday as wounded Islamic State fighters were swapped for the bodies of pro-government forces. But the fate of the main part of the convoy is uncertain.  It was moving this morning and then they had stopped. ... I don t know if they stopped for a break or were trying to figure out what to do,  Dillon said.  The frontline between Syrian government forces and Islamic State in eastern Syria is active, as the army, aided by Russian jets and Iran-backed Shi ite militias, presses an offensive to relieve its besieged enclave at Deir al-Zor.  On Friday, a Syrian military source said the army and its allies had made an advance against Islamic State in that area and had also taken several villages in a jihadist enclave in central Syria. ",1
21157,U.S.-led coalition says Islamic State convoy remains in Syrian desert,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A convoy of Islamic State fighters and their families remains in the Syrian desert after turning back from the Iraqi border, the U.S.-led coalition said on Friday. The coalition said in a statement that it has asked Russia to tell the Syrian government that the coalition will not allow the convoy of 17 buses to move further east to the Iraqi border.  The Syrian army and Lebanon s Hezbollah group gave safe passage to the jihadists after they surrendered their enclave on Syria s border with Lebanon. The U.S.-led coalition says it was not a party to the deal. ",1
21158,Trump to host Sept. 18 meeting of world leaders on U.N. reform,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump, a frequent critic of the United Nations, will seek to gather global support for reforming the world body when he hosts an event at U.N. headquarters in New York on Sept. 18, a day before he formally addresses the 193-member organization. Countries will be invited to attend Trump s function if they sign on to a U.S.-drafted 10-point political declaration backing efforts by U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres  to initiate effective, meaningful reform,  according to a draft of the political declaration seen by Reuters on Friday. Trump has complained that the U.S. share of the world body s budget is unfair, pushed to slash funding and described it as a  club for people to get together, talk and have a good time.  Trump, who took office in January, has since described U.S. funding as  peanuts  compared to the important work of the organization. The United States is the biggest U.N. contributor, providing 22 percent of its $5.4 billion biennial core budget and 28.5 percent of its $7.3 billion peacekeeping budget. The contributions are agreed on by the 193-member General Assembly. Trump, Guterres, who also took office in January, and U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley are scheduled to speak at the Sept. 18 event, diplomats said. The draft political declaration states:  We support the secretary-general in making concrete changes in the United Nations system to better align its work on humanitarian response, development and sustaining peace initiatives.   We commit to reducing mandate duplication, redundancy and overlap, including among the main organs of the United Nations,  the draft declaration reads. The United States also is reviewing each of the U.N. peacekeeping missions as annual mandates come up for Security Council renewal in a bid to cut costs. The United States is a veto-wielding council member, along with Britain, France, Russia and China. Haley has said there is  a lot of fat around the edges and some abuses that happen at the U.N. but I do think it is very important that we make the most of it.  Ethiopia, which is president of the 15-member Security Council for September, said on Friday it would hold a high-level council meeting on peacekeeping reform on Sept. 20 that will be chaired by Ethiopian Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn. Ethiopian U.N. Ambassador Tekeda Alemu told reporters it was unclear if Trump would attend the meeting, which would be his first appearance in the Security Council, but that he expected about 10 heads of state or government to be present.   ",1
21159,Germany may 'rethink' Turkey ties after two more Germans detained: Merkel,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel on Friday said Germany should react decisively to Ankara s detention of two further German citizens, amid growing calls for Berlin to issue a formal travel warning for Germans heading to Turkey. Twelve German citizens are now in Turkish detention on political charges, four of them holding dual citizenship. Among these is German-Turkish journalist Deniz Yucel, who will have been in detention 200 days on Friday. Under the circumstances, Merkel said she did not think it was appropriate to carry out further discussions with Ankara about its participation in a European Union customs union.   We must react decisively,  Merkel told a business event in the southern city of Nuremberg, noting that Germany had already fundamentally revamped its relations with Ankara.  Given the latest events, perhaps it is necessary to rethink them ever further.  Germany was not officially informed of the two new detentions, which took place at Antalya airport on Thursday, leaving Berlin s consulate in the coastal city of Izmir to learn of their arrest from  non-state sources , Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Adebahr told a news conference. Many European citizens have been detained in Turkey over the past year, accused of involvement in last year s failed coup against President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, whom many accuse of purging opposition under the cover of a crackdown.  We re trying to establish what they are charged with,  said Adebahr said.  We must assume that it s a political charge, suspicion of terrorism, as with the others.  Diplomats had not been able to contact them, she added, with Friday s public holiday celebrating the Muslim festival of Eid a possible reason for delays in contacting officials. Social Democrat Martin Schulz, Merkel s main challenger in Sept. 24 elections, and other German politicians urged Berlin to issue a formal travel warning for Germans heading to Turkey. The government in July urged German citizens to exercise caution if traveling to Turkey, but stopped short of issuing a formal travel warning. Juergen Hardt, a senior member of Merkel s conservatives, told Die Welt newspaper that a further tightening of the travel guidance  should be seriously considered . Cem Ozdemir, leader of the Greens party, told Bild newspaper he could no longer assure anyone they would be safe in Turkey.  Erdogan is no president, but a hostage-taker,  Ozdemir told the daily newspaper Bild. No comment was immediately available from the foreign ministry about whether it was considering a travel warning. About 3 million people with Turkish heritage or citizenship live in Germany. Such a move could mark a significant setback for Turkey, which already saw the number of foreign visitors drop to its lowest level in nine years last year. Bookings from Germany accounted for some 10 percent of Turkey s tourists this year.     ",1
21160,Frankfurt to evacuate thousands as huge WWII bomb defused,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Frankfurt city officials have warned that Germany s financial capital could grind to a halt on Monday if residents don t heed orders to vacate their homes to allow the defusing of a massive World War Two bomb. On Sunday, the city will evacuate some 60,000 people in the nation s biggest such maneuver since the war while officials disarm the British bomb discovered on a building site this week in Frankfurt s leafy Westend, where many wealthy bankers live.  Fire and police chiefs, at a hastily called press conference on Friday, said they would use force and incarceration if necessary to clear the area of residents.  An uncontrolled explosion of the bomb would be big enough to flatten a city block, Frankfurt fire chief Reinhard Ries told reporters.  This bomb has more than 1.4 tonnes of explosives,  he said.  It s not just fragments that are the problem, but also the pressure that it creates that would dismantle all the buildings in a 100-metre (yard) radius. . The HC 4000 bomb is assumed to have been dropped by Britain s Royal Air Force during the 1939-45 war. Such finds are not unusual, but rarely are the unexploded bombs so large and in such a sensitive position. The compulsory evacuation radius of 1.5 km (roughly a mile) around the bomb includes police headquarters, two hospitals, transport systems and Germany s central bank storing $70 billion in gold reserves. Officials on Friday called on Frankfurt s residents to clear the area by 8 a.m. on Sunday and warned the effort could take at least 12 hours. Police said they couldn t begin defusing the bomb until they were sure everyone had left the area. They would ring every doorbell and use heat-sensing technology from overhead helicopters to help them identify stragglers, they said. Roads and transport systems, including the parts of the underground, will be closed during the work and for at least two hours after the bomb is defused, to allow patients to be transported back to hospitals without traffic.  Air traffic from Frankfurt airport could also be affected if there is an easterly wind on Sunday, air traffic control told Reuters on Friday. Also, small private planes, helicopters and drones will be banned from the evacuation zone, they said. Frankfurters can spend the day at shelters set up at the trade fair and the Jahrhunderthalle convention center, police have said. In addition, most museums are offering Frankfurt residents free entry on Sunday, and a few of them will open their doors earlier in the morning than usual, the city said on its website. ",1
21161,Merkel's Social Democrat rival bullish ahead of German TV clash,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Social Democrat (SPD) leader Martin Schulz, whose party trails Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives by 17 points, said he was going into Sunday s television debate convinced he would win this month s elections.  I am not in the least bit nervous,  he told Bild newspaper in an interview conducted after media reports suggesting his predecessor as leader had given up hope of an SPD victory.  A successful duel can create momentum,  Schulz said in a separate interview with the RND network of newspapers.  Merkel, 63, has been chancellor since 2005 and is widely seen as Europe s most influential politician. She has weathered storms over mass immigration and financial and political turmoil  the European Union, while the SPD, Germany s oldest party, has struggled to promote a strong rival. Merkel told the Rheinische Post newspaper she expected the debate to spark great public interest.  I ll be happy if as many people as possible take the time to watch,  she told the newspaper in an interview to be published Saturday.  But she defended her decision to allow only one such two-way debate since voters in Germany s parliamentary system pick parties and direct candidates in their districts, rather than voting directly for a chancellor. Schulz s campaign got off to a promising start early this year, with thousands flocking to the party after he was chosen as candidate; but three crushing defeats at the hands of the conservatives in regional elections, including in its heartland of North Rhine-Westphalia, knocked him off course.  These were very difficult defeats for the SPD ... but nonetheless, 46 percent of voters have yet to make up their minds,  a weary-looking Schulz, 61, said in a live online interview with Bild. He said he would turn things around in the first and only televised debate between the pair ahead of the Sept. 24 election.   I believe we will certainly still win the election.   The SPD, which has stewarded Europe s biggest economy as junior partner to Merkel s conservatives for the last four years, was on 22 percent in an opinion poll published on Friday, while the conservatives were on 39 percent. Almost half the 61.5 million people eligible to vote are expected to tune into the debate, pollster Forsa found. Nearly two-thirds of Germans expect Merkel to win the contest while 17 percent expected Schulz to fare better, another poll showed. It also found that if there were to be a direct vote for chancellor, 49 percent of Germans would pick Merkel, who is seen as a steady pair of hands at a time of global uncertainty, with Donald Trump in the White House and Britain preparing to leave the European Union. Just 26 percent would opt for former European Parliament President Schulz, whose campaign focusing on social justice has struggled at a time when Germans are enjoying rising wages and record employment. In a bid to appeal to the younger generation, Schulz told Bild the biggest domestic policy difference between him and Merkel was on pensions.   If someone is in his early 40s, he will belong to the generation that pays ever more contributions and at the end will get the lowest pension in history from his pension insurance,  he said. ",1
21162,Nearly 400 die as Myanmar army steps up crackdown on Rohingya militants,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Nearly 400 people have died in fighting that has rocked Myanmar s northwest for a week, new official data show, making it probably the deadliest bout of violence to engulf the country s Rohingya Muslim minority in decades. About 38,000 Rohingya have crossed into Bangladesh from Myanmar, U.N. sources said on Friday, a week after Rohingya insurgents attacked police posts and an army base in Rakhine state, prompting clashes and a military counteroffensive. The army says it is conducting clearance operations against  extremist terrorists  and security forces have been told to protect civilians. But Rohingya fleeing to Bangladesh say a campaign of arson and killings aims to force them out. U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres is  deeply concerned  by reports of the use of excessive force during the army s operations in Rakhine state, spokeswoman Eri Kaneko said in a statement on Friday.   (He) urges restraint and calm to avoid a humanitarian catastrophe,  Kaneko said.  The secretary-general underlines the responsibility of the government of Myanmar to provide security and assistance to all those in need and to enable the United Nations and its partners to extend the humanitarian support they are ready to provide,  she said. The treatment of Myanmar s roughly 1.1 million Rohingya is the biggest challenge facing national leader Aung San Suu Kyi, accused by some Western critics of not speaking out for a minority that has long complained of persecution. The clashes and ensuing army crackdown have killed about 370 Rohingya insurgents, 13 security forces, two government officials and 14 civilians, the Myanmar military said on Thursday. By comparison, communal violence in 2012 in Sittwe, the capital of Rakhine, led to the killing of nearly 200 people and the displacement of about 140,000, most of them Rohingya. The fighting is a dramatic escalation of a conflict that has simmered since October, when similar but much smaller Rohingya attacks on security posts prompted a brutal military response dogged by allegations of rights abuses. Myanmar evacuated more than 11,700  ethnic residents  from the area affected by fighting, the army said, referring to the non-Muslim population of northern Rakhine. More than 150 Rohingya insurgents staged fresh attacks on security forces on Thursday near villages occupied by Hindus, the state-run Global New Light of Myanmar said, adding that about 700 members of such families had been evacuated.  Four of the terrorists were arrested, including one 13-year-old boy,  it said, adding that security forces had arrested two more men near a Maungdaw police outpost on suspicion of involvement in the attacks. About 20,000 more Rohingya trying to flee are stuck in no man s land at the border, the U.N. sources said, as aid workers in Bangladesh struggle to alleviate the sufferings of a sudden influx of thousands of hungry and traumatized people. While some Rohingya try to cross by land, others attempt a perilous boat journey across the Naf River separating the two countries. Bangladesh border guards found the bodies of 15 Rohingya Muslims, 11 children among them, floating in the river on Friday, area commander Lieutenant Colonel Ariful Islam told Reuters. That takes to about 40 the total of Rohingya known to have died by drowning. Late on Friday, Bangladesh foreign ministry said it had lodged a  strong protest  against violation of air space by Myanmar helicopters on three days this week, including Friday, near the area where the Rohingya are fleeing violence.  These instances of incursion into Bangladesh air space by Myanmar helicopters run contrary to the good neighborly relations and could lead to unwarranted situation,  said the foreign ministry statement. Suu Kyi spokesman Zaw Htay said h he was not aware of the complaint but that there were channels in place for dialogue between the two sides. If Myanmar receives the complaint from Bangladesh, it will respond, he said. (For a graphic on Myanmar's ethnic groups click tmsnrt.rs/2wY3MSQ)  ",1
21163,Muslim pilgrims converge on Jamarat for symbolic stoning of the devil,"JAMARAT, Saudi Arabia (Reuters) - Two million Muslim pilgrims performed a symbolic stoning of the devil on Friday, the riskiest part of the annual haj pilgrimage where hundreds of people were killed in a crush two years ago. Saudi Arabia, which stakes its reputation on organizing the world s largest annual Muslim gathering, has deployed more than 100,000 security forces and medics as well as modern technology including drones and fiber optics to ensure a safe pilgrimage. Under close supervision from Saudi authorities, pilgrims clad in white robes converged on Jamarat carrying pebbles to perform the ritual from a three-storey bridge erected to ease congestion. Group leaders carrying flags from their countries directed pilgrims into the building. Some of the faithful held umbrellas to protect themselves from the sun, with temperatures surpassing 40 degrees Celsius (100 Fahrenheit) around midday.  This is the embodiment of the Prophets Ismail and Ibrahim (Abraham)  fighting  the devil,  said Egyptian pilgrim Mohammed al-Jawhiri, 56.  The ritual reveals the extent of the devil s evil and his actions to destroy this world.  The 2015 incident killed nearly 800 people, according to Riyadh, when two large groups of pilgrims arrived together at a crossroads in Mina, a few kilometers east of Mecca, on their way to performing the stoning ritual. Counts by countries of repatriated bodies, however, showed over 2,000 people may have died, more than 400 of them Iranians. It was the worst disaster to strike haj for at least 25 years. The Saudi authorities redesigned the Jamarat area after two stampedes, in 2004 and 2006, killed hundreds of pilgrims, and the frequency of such disasters has greatly reduced as the government spent billions of dollars upgrading and expanding haj infrastructure and crowd control technology. Officials said they had prepared a strict timetable for pilgrims from various countries to follow in order to reduce congestion. Saudi Arabia said more than 2.3 million pilgrims, most of them from abroad, had arrived for the five-day ritual, a religious duty once in a lifetime for every able-bodied Muslim who can afford the journey. They will continue the stoning ritual over the weekend and return to Mecca to pray at the Grand Mosque before completing the pilgrimage. Some 90,000 Iranians have returned to haj after boycotting last year amid a diplomatic rift between Tehran and Riyadh, which are both vying for power and influence in the region.  In previous years, jostling to perform the stoning before returning to Mecca accounted for many of the stampedes and crushes that have afflicted haj.  Thanks to the latest construction, this time even small children, old men, women and the disabled are being accommodated,  said Abdelaziz al-Azmi from Kuwait.  As you see, there is no problem.  King Salman was in Mina on Friday, the first day of Eid al-Adha (feast of the sacrifice). He and his son, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, welcomed well-wishers at a palace gathering attended by princes, clerics, military leaders and distinguished guests. Saudi authorities have urged pilgrims to set aside politics during the haj but violence in the Middle East, including wars in Syria, Iraq, Yemen and Libya and other global hotspots are sure to be on the minds of many. For a graphic on the Haj journey, click: here For a graphic on Haj stampedes, click: here ",1
21164,Rome's 5-Star mayor launches bid to save ailing city transport firm,"ROME (Reuters) - Rome s mayor on Friday launched an attempt to save the city s ailing public transport company from bankruptcy, asking creditors to support a restructuring of its 1.3 billion euros ($1.54 billion) of debt. Virginia Raggi, a prominent face of Italy s anti-establishment 5-Star Movement, said she would ask magistrates to approve the plan for a  total renewal  of the company to keep it operating as a public body. Atac s workforce, of around 12,000 people, has been criticized as bloated and its fleet of buses, trams and metros as old and badly maintained. Calls have grown for it to be privatized. Raggi, who was elected in June last year, rejects this solution and on Friday the company s board approved the restructuring plan, which will require the backing of her city government and its suppliers.  Atac must remain public,  Raggi wrote in a Facebook post.  We are beginning a revolution that will transform the biggest public transport company in Europe into an efficient one.  Several city transport unions, fearing lay-offs, immediately announced they would hold a one-day strike this month. Turning Atac around is a daunting task. Its former chief quit in July after just three months in the job, saying he was unable to salvage the firm and feared possible legal action tied to any eventual collapse. Raggi has had a torrid time since becoming Rome s first ever woman mayor. She has lost several close aides due to political infighting or legal scandals and has so far made little tangible progress in fixing the heavily-indebted city s chronic problems, from road maintenance to refuse collection. Despite her difficulties, 5-Star remains Italy s most popular party, according to many opinion polls, and Raggi s fortunes in attempting to clean up Atac could have significant repercussions nationally. With a general election due by May next year, 5-Star can ill afford the bad publicity of extended strikes and legal disputes over the capital s transport company. ",1
21165,"Kenyan court scraps presidential vote, Kenyatta calls for calm","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s Supreme Court on Friday nullified President Uhuru Kenyatta s election win, citing irregularities, and ordered a new poll within 60 days, an unprecedented move in Africa where governments often hold sway over judges. The ruling, broadcast to a stunned nation on television, sets up a new race between Kenyatta, 55, and veteran opponent Raila Odinga, 72.  Kenyatta called for calm and respect for the ruling and said he would run again in a televised speech. But he later struck a more combative note, criticizing the court for ignoring the will of the people and dismissing the chief justice s colleagues as  wakora  (crooks). In Odinga s western heartland, cheering supporters paraded through the streets chanting and waving tree branches.  Kenya, a U.S. ally in the fight against Islamists and a trade gateway to East Africa, has a history of disputed votes. A row over a 2007 poll, which Odinga challenged after being declared loser, was followed by weeks of ethnic bloodshed that killed more than 1,200 people. Kenya s economy, the biggest in the region, slid into recession and neighboring economies wobbled. Chief Justice David Maraga announced the Supreme Court s verdict that was backed by four of the six judges, saying the declaration of Kenyatta s victory was  invalid, null and void . Details of the ruling will be released within 21 days. In the court room, a grinning Odinga pumped his fist in the air. Outside, shares plummeted on the Nairobi bourse amid the uncertainty, while Kenyatta s supporters grumbled. But the mood on the streets of the capital was jubilant rather than angry.  Judges said they found no misconduct by Kenyatta but said the election board  failed, neglected or refused to conduct the presidential election in a manner consistent with the dictates of the constitution.  Kenya s judiciary went through sweeping changes after the 2007 election violence in a bid to restore confidence the legal system. Friday s ruling is likely to galvanize pro-democracy campaigners across Africa, where many complain their judiciaries simply rubber stamp presidential rule.   This is a monumental and unprecedented decision, very remarkable and courageous that will be watched carefully with keen interest across the continent,  said Comfort Ero, the head of the Africa program for the Crisis Group think-tank. Kenyatta struck a conciliatory note in his televised address.  The court has made its decision. We respect it. We don t agree with it. And again, I say peace ... peace, peace, peace,  he told the nation.  That is the nature of democracy.  But later he criticized the court, telling a rally at a Nairobi market:  Earlier, I was the president-elect. (Chief Justice) Maraga and his people those wakora (crooks) have said  let that election get lost  ... Let Maraga know he is dealing with the incumbent president.  He spoke in kiswahili. Official results had given Kenyatta 54.3 percent of the vote, compared to Odinga s 44.7 percent, a lead of 1.4 million votes. Kenyatta s ruling party also swept the legislature. Those results triggered angry protests and at least 28 people died in the police clamp-down that followed.   For the first time in history of African democratization a ruling has been made by a court nullifying irregular elections for the president,  Odinga said outside the court.  Later, he called for the commission to resign and face criminal prosecution.  International observers, including former U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, had said they saw no manipulation of voting and tallying at polling stations. But the election board was slow posting forms showing polling station results online.  Thousands were missing when official results were declared, so opponents could not check totals. Court experts said some documents lacked official stamps or had figures that did not match official tallies.  The chairman of the election board said there would be personnel changes, but it was not clear if that would be enough for the opposition. Sweeping out the whole board would complicate efforts to hold a new poll within two months. In a nation of more than 40 ethnic groups, tribal loyalties often trump policy at election time. Kenyatta s Kikuyu is the biggest of Kenya s tribes but still a minority. Odinga is a Luo. Odinga s strongholds include his ethnic heartland in the west; the coast, where many of the nation s Muslims live; and the urban slums. Residents of all three areas feel neglected by central government.  Kenyatta, whose Kikuyu tribe has produced three out of Kenya s four presidents, has his main support base in the central region. Kenyatta and Odinga are both scions of political families. Kenyatta s father, Jomo Kenyatta, was the nation s founding president and had a long-running rivalry with Odinga s father. Oginga Odinga was originally Kenyatta s deputy but eventually left the government to unsuccessfully contest the presidency. Raila Odinga has contested the last three elections and lost each time. After each one, he claimed the votes were marred by rigging. In 2013, the Supreme Court dismissed his petition. This time, his team focused on proving the process for tallying and transmitting results was flawed, rather than proving how much of the vote was rigged. Residents in the western city of Kisumu, where Odinga has strong backing, cheered and motorcycle drivers hooted their horns.  Today is a special today and I will celebrate until I am worn out,  said 32-year-old Kevin Ouma. In the eastern Rift Valley town of Kinangop, a stronghold for the ruling party, small groups gathered and complained.  Over 8 million people supported the election of Uhuru Kenyatta but the Supreme Court has ignored this in the ruling which is very shameful,  said Matheri Wa Hungu. Kenyan shares, which rallied after Kenyatta was declared winner, tumbled by 3.5 percent on Friday and prompted the authorities to suspend trading for half an hour. The shilling KES= fell by 0.4 percent and Kenya's dollar bonds fell. But although analysts said there was likely to be short-term volatility, the ruling could be a long-term win for Kenya.   The population s lack of faith in the system is one of the reasons why politics often descends into violence,  said Emma Gordon, a senior analyst at risk analysis firm Verisk Maplecroft .  While this decision cements the view that the (election board) was biased, it demonstrates that independent checks and balances do exist.   For a graphic on Kenya's presidential election, click: here ",1
21166,The rocky history of NAFTA,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Negotiators from Canada, Mexico and the United States kicked off a second round of talks about the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) on Friday as the countries try to fast-track a deal to modernize the treaty by early next year. Following are key moments in the history of the deal: * June 10, 1990: U.S. President George H.W. Bush and Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari endorse a new, comprehensive free trade pact between the two neighbors, ordering talks to begin. Canada join the talks in 1991, paving the way for three-way negotiations. The United States and Canada signed a bilateral free trade deal in 1988. * Nov. 3, 1992: Running as an independent for president in the United States, Ross Perot claims the proposed NAFTA would lead to a  giant sucking sound  of jobs rushing to Mexico. Bill Clinton wins the election, defeating incumbent Bush. Perot wins 19 percent of the vote to place a strong third. * Dec. 17, 1992: NAFTA is signed by outgoing Bush, Mexico s Salinas de Gortari and Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney, creating the world s largest free trade area. The timing was, in part, aimed at making it harder for President-elect Clinton to pursue major changes; Clinton had endorsed the deal but insisted on environmental and labor side agreements. * Jan. 1, 1994: NAFTA comes into effect, and the Maya Indian Zapatista guerrilla army in southern Mexico launches an armed rebellion against  neo-liberalism  and explicitly against the free trade deal. The declaration of war against the Mexican government leads to days of fighting and dozens of deaths before the rebels retreat into the jungle. * Nov. 30, 1999: Tens of thousands of anti-globalization protesters converge on the U.S. city of Seattle, leading to widespread rioting coinciding with a ministerial conference of the World Trade Organization, which was seeking to launch new international trade talks. The protests underscore growing, if scattered, opposition to free trade deals like NAFTA. * Dec. 11, 2001: China formally joins the World Trade Organization, integrating the Asian giant more deeply into the global economy. Easing trade with China intensifies a trend that had been seen since NAFTA came into effect as the U.S. trade deficit soared to more than $800 billion by 2006. * July 16, 2004: Senior trade officials from Canada, the United States and Mexico issue a joint statement touting a decade s worth of expanded trade in North America. Three-way-trade more than doubled to reach $623 billion while cumulative foreign direct investment increases by over $1.7 trillion compared to pre-NAFTA levels. * Jan. 1, 2008: NAFTA is fully implemented as the last of its polices come into effect. In sensitive sectors such as sugar, NAFTA stipulates that trade barriers would only gradually be phased out, which was designed to smooth economic shocks in vulnerable industries. By this time, trade within the three North American nations has more than tripled. * July 19, 2016: Billionaire businessman and political outsider Donald Trump formally clinches the Republican presidential nomination, winning the traditionally pro-free-trade party s nod in part by denouncing NAFTA, calling it  the worst trade deal ever.  * Aug. 16, 2017: High-stakes talks aimed at  modernizing  NAFTA kick off in Washington, with both U.S. and Mexican officials aiming to conclude a new pact in early 2018 before elections later in the year in both nations might derail negotiations. A second round of talks takes place in Mexico in September. * Sept. 1, 2017: In the week ahead of the second round of talks in Mexico which begin on Sept. 1, Trump had said repeatedly he would likely end the agreement if negotiations did not go his way. Mexico said it would walk away from the table if Trump began the process of withdrawing from NAFTA. ",1
21167,Grace Mugabe returns to Zimbabwe campaign trail after assault charge,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s first lady Grace Mugabe hit the campaign trail with her husband Robert on Friday, urging discipline in his party two weeks after she faced assault charges in South Africa. Grace, who is seen as a possible successor to her 93-year-old husband, was accused of assaulting a model at an upmarket Johannesburg hotel, but flew home after a minister granted her immunity. The first lady did not refer to the incident in her first speech since returning, instead telling a ZANU-PF party rally that supporters should stand behind Africa s oldest leader in the build-up to next year s elections.      We have a very unique position in Zimbabwe where we have our president who will soon be 94 years because that is what God decreed. No man of flesh can stop that,  Grace said in the speech broadcast on state television. South Africa s main opposition Democratic Alliance (DA) party is challenging the international relations minister s decision to give her immunity - a move that could in theory affect any future plans to travel to the country. Twenty-year-old model Gabriella Engels accused Grace Mugabe of whipping her with an electric extension cable as she waited with two friends in a luxury hotel suite to meet one of the Mugabes  adult sons. ",1
21168,L'Oreal sacks transgender model after comments on white people,"PARIS (Reuters) - French cosmetics giant L Oreal sacked its first transgender model to appear on a British advertising campaign after she described all white people as racist on Facebook. London-based model Munroe Bergdorf had announced on her Facebook page on August 27 that she was to be part of the French cosmetics brand s new advertising campaign celebrating diversity. In an online message that later appeared on Friday to have been deleted, Bergdorf said, according to the Daily Mail newspaper:  Honestly I don t have energy to talk about the racial violence of white people any more. Yes ALL white people.   L Oreal s UK unit said on its Twitter page it had decided to terminate her contract:  L Oreal champions diversity. Comments by Munroe Bergdorf are at odds with our values and so we have decided to end our partnership with her.  In a post on her page on Friday, Bergdorf criticized the Daily Mail article and sought to defend her comments, which she said were a reaction to the violence of white supremacists in Charlottesville in the United States.    When I stated that  all white people are racist , I was addressing that fact that western society as a whole, is a SYSTEM rooted in white supremacy - designed to benefit, prioritize and protect white people before anyone of any other race,  she said.   ",1
21169,UK's Davis sees good Brexit deal despite recent tense talks,"WASHINGTON/LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s Brexit minister told a business audience in Washington on Friday that he hoped talks to leave the European Union would produce a good deal for both sides, although he conceded that discussions were  getting a bit tense . David Davis had just returned on Thursday from Brussels, where EU officials warned that so far progress in their negotiations had fallen short of what was needed to move on to discussion of their future relationship.  I am a determined optimist,  Davis told the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.  Because I fundamentally believe that a good deal is in the interests of both the UK and the EU and the whole of the developed world.  Davis came under pressure from the U.S. Chamber s head of international affairs, Myron Brilliant, to lay out a clear path for Brexit for the 7,500 U.S. companies with operations in Britain - one that had  predictable transition periods  that minimized business disruption. Negotiations so far have centered on Britain s EU budget obligations, with the EU insisting the bill be agreed before talks can proceed to discuss areas like international trade. Davis declined to say whether Britain would be open to paying for access to the single market during any post-Brexit transition period and said London was closely examining the bill for exiting the EU.  It is getting a bit tense. I rule nothing in, nothing out,  Davis said. Britain would expect to conclude a free-trade agreement with the United States once a transition period with the EU ends, Davis said. But he cautioned that any deal between two large economies such as Britain and the United States would be  quite complex . Davis appeared to seek to draw a line between Britain s ambitions for global free-trade agreements and the protectionist line being followed by U.S. President Donald Trump, who has sought to impose trade tariffs and threatened to quit the North American Free Trade Area in order to boost domestic industry. Davis said Britain would press for further liberalization of services and engage with international bodies like the World Trade Organization. Trump has said the United States would consider ignoring WTO rulings.  Britain has been courting the United States as it leaves the EU, with Prime Minister Theresa May becoming the first foreign leader to meet U.S. President Donald Trump after his inauguration in January. She called on Trump then to renew the  special relationship  between the two countries, and she has pinned hopes on securing a trade deal with the country soon after Brexit to show that Britain can prosper outside the EU . But she has been criticized by opposition politicians for trying to cozy up to Trump, whose unpredictable policy stances on issues such as trade and other international obligations have raised concern over whether Washington will stick to its global agreements.  ",1
21170,Putin warns North Korea situation on verge of 'large-scale conflict',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin warned on Friday that the standoff between North Korea and the United States was close to spilling into a large-scale conflict and said it was a mistake to try to pressure Pyongyang into halting its nuclear missile program.    Putin, due to attend a summit of the BRICS nations in China next week, said the only way to de-escalate tensions was via talks, and Sergei Lavrov, his foreign minister, said Washington not Pyongyang should take the initiative on that.   It is essential to resolve the region s problems through direct dialogue involving all sides without advancing any preconditions (for such talks),  Putin, whose country shares a border with North Korea, wrote on the Kremlin s web site.    Provocations, pressure, and bellicose and offensive rhetoric is the road to nowhere.  The Russian leader, whose nuclear-capable bombers recently overflew the Korean Peninsula in a show of force, said the  situation had deteriorated so badly that it was now  balanced on the verge of a large-scale conflict.  Pyongyang has been working to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the United States and recently threatened to land missiles near the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam.  On Monday, North Korea, which sees joint war games between the United States and South Korea as preparations for invasion, raised the stakes by firing an intermediate-range missile over Japan.  In Russia s opinion the calculation that it is possible to halt North Korea s nuclear missile programs exclusively by putting pressure on Pyongyang is erroneous and futile,  Putin wrote. A road map formulated by Moscow and Beijing, which would involve North Korea halting its missile program in exchange for the United States and South Korea stopping large-scale war games, was a way to reduce tensions, wrote Putin. Lavrov, addressing students in Moscow, said he felt events were building towards a war which he said would cause large numbers of casualties in Japan and South Korea if it happened.  If we want to avoid a war the first step must be taken by the side that is the more intelligent and stronger,  said Lavrov, making clear he was referring to the United States.  He said Russia was working behind the scenes and that Moscow knew that Washington had a back channel to Pyongyang which he said he hoped would allow the two sides to de-escalate. ",1
21171,U.S.-backed forces in Syria's Raqqa say they take old city,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias, said on Friday it had taken the last districts in the old city of Raqqa from Islamic State, but the U.S.-led coalition which backs it could not confirm the report.  We declare to our people the liberation of the old city of Raqqa,  the SDF said in a statement.  The SDF has been battling to capture the former de facto capital of Islamic State s self-declared caliphate since June with backing from U.S.-led jets and special forces.  The walled old city lies in the heart of Raqqa but the jihadist group still holds important districts in the west of the city. The SDF said it now held 65 percent of Raqqa in total. A war monitor, the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, said it was not true that the SDF had fully captured the old city, but added that it did hold more than 90 percent of that area.  The coalition said it was not yet able to confirm the news.  We have not received confirmation of that through our channels,  coalition spokesman Colonel Ryan Dillon said.  ",1
21172,Turkey's Erdogan calls killing of Rohingya in Myanmar genocide,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Friday that the death of hundreds of Rohingya in Myanmar over the past week constituted a genocide aimed at Muslim communities in the region. Nearly 400 people have died in fighting that has rocked Myanmar s northwest for a week, new official data showed, making it probably the deadliest bout of violence to engulf the country s Rohingya Muslim minority in decades.  There is a genocide there. They remain silent towards this... All those looking away from this genocide carried out under the veil of democracy are also part of this massacre,  Erdogan said at his ruling AK Party s Eid al-adha celebrations in Istanbul. The army says it is conducting clearance operations against  extremist terrorists  to protect civilians. Erdogan, with his roots in political Islam, has long strived to take a position of leadership among the world s Muslim community. He said it was Turkey s moral responsibility to take a stand against the events in Myanmar. Around 38,000 Rohingya have crossed into Bangladesh from Myanmar, United Nations sources said, a week after Rohingya insurgents attacked police posts and an army base in Rakhine state, prompting clashes and a military counteroffensive. Erdogan said the issue would be discussed in detail when world leaders convene for the United Nations General Assembly on Sept. 12 in New York. ",1
21173,Al Shabaab bomb kills 12 in Somalia's Puntland,"BOSSASO, Somalia (Reuters) - An al Shabaab bomb attack killed 12 people, including five soldiers, in Somalia s Puntland region on Friday, the Puntland military said. The explosions hit Af-Urur, 100 km (60 miles) south of the city of Bossaso. Af-Urur is near the Galgala hills, an area controlled by al Shabaab Islamists who have attacked and captured the town several times and in June killed 38 people there.   A bomb planted near the khat market of Af-Urur exploded,  Major Mohamed Ismail, a Puntland military officer, told Reuters.  So far 12 people including civilians and soldiers have died.  The attack coincided with Eid al-Adha, a Muslim holiday.  Al Shabaab, which is linked to al Qaeda and wants to impose strict Islamic law, claimed responsibility.  We are behind the attack in Af-Urur village. We killed five soldiers and injured 10 others,  al Shabaab s military operations spokesman Sheikh Abdiasis Abu Musab told Reuters. ",1
21174,Rescue efforts end in Indian building collapse; 34 dead,"MUMBAI (Reuters) - Rescuers in the Indian city of Mumbai wound down on Friday their search for victims in the ruins of a condemned building that collapsed, after pulling 12 survivors and 34 bodies from the rubble, emergency services said. The 117-year-old, six storey-building in a congested old neighborhood came crashing down early on Thursday after heavy rain had drenched the financial hub for days.  Rescue operations are in a demobilization phase. Two fire appliances and one ambulance will be on standby at site as a precautionary measure,  said P. S. Rahangdale, chief fire officer of the Mumbai Fire Brigade. Among the dead was a 20-day old baby, police said. The collapse was the second in Mumbai in little over a month. In July, 17 people were killed when a four-storey building came down after suspected unauthorized renovations. The cause of the latest collapse was not known but it came after several days of torrential rainy-season downpours that flooded parts of the city. Devendra Fadnavis, the chief minister of Maharashtra state, of which Mumbai is the capital, ordered an inquiry. The building had been declared unsafe by the housing regulator in 2011 but many people had stayed on living here. Neighbors said developers tasked with renovating properties in the area had not provided enough information about options for temporary housing. Officials from the housing regulator told media they had granted a neighborhood trust with  the right to redevelop the building and provide temporary housing to residents. The trust issued a statement on Thursday saying it had started relocating residents, and had moved seven families in 2014, but other residents had refused to leave. ",1
21175,Pope Francis consulted psychoanalyst in 1970s: book,"PARIS (Reuters) - Pope Francis saw a Jewish psychoanalyst once a week for six months during the 1970s and found the experience beneficial, the pontiff was quoted as saying in a new book.  For six months, I went to her once a week to shed light on certain things,  the Argentine pontiff said in a series of interviews with French sociologist Dominique Wolton, extracts from which were published by Le Figaro on Friday.  She was very good, very professional ... but she always remained in her proper place,  the 80-year-old said, adding he was aged 42 at the time.  She helped me a lot.  The excerpts released did not name the psychoanalyst or explain why the sessions had been originally set up. Francis said she had called him when she was on the verge of death,  not for sacraments, because she was Jewish, but for a spiritual dialogue . Francis, who has campaigned for a more open and inclusive Catholic Church, criticized  rigid priests, who are afraid of communicating .  It is a kind of fundamentalism. When I come across someone rigid, especially if they are young, I say to myself that they are sick. In reality, they are looking for security.  The book,  Pope Francis: Meetings with Dominique Wolton, Politics and Society  is due for publication by Les Editions de L Observatoire on Sept. 6. ",1
21176,Thai university removes student leader for defying royalist tradition,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand s prestigious Chulalongkorn University has removed the head of its student council, a vocal critic of military rule, after he was accused of disrupting a royalist initiation ceremony.  But Netiwit Chotiphatphaisal, 20, and the student council said they refused to accept the university order against him and four other members, and would appeal against the decision.  First-year students are required to prostrate themselves before a statue of late Thai King Rama V, but older students are meant to do nothing except observe from the audience.  Netiwit and his colleagues, however, strode out in front of the students and bowed to the statue during the ceremony, and university authorities took that gesture as a show of defiant disrespect for the tradition. This  reflects disrespect towards rights and liberties of other people whose views differ from their own,  Pomthong Malakul Na Ayudhaya, a deputy dean at Chulalongkorn University, said in a statement on Thursday.  Pomthong said Netiwit was removed for  student disciplinary misconduct . Respect for the monarchy is a fundamental tenet of Thai society. In recent years, Thailand has been riven by rivalry between the old, royalist-military establishment and populist forces that have arisen in conjunction with economic growth. Netiwit was elected in May to lead the student council at the university. He rose to prominence as an anti-establishment figure after refusing to prostrate himself before the statue as a first-year student last year.  I only wanted to show there are different ways to pay respect to the King Rama V,  Netiwit told Reuters.   Everyone should be able to think for themselves. You shouldn t force or coerce anyone into doing anything.   The tradition of prostration before kings was abolished in 1873 by King Rama V, the university s namesake. But the practice was revived in recent decades and the university began its own tradition in 1997. The university did not comment when contacted by Reuters. Netiwit has emerged as a rare critic of the military junta, which has silenced most dissent since seizing power in 2014. He has drawn comparisons with Hong Kong student activist Joshua Wong. The dismissals from the student council were less about misconduct than undermining what Netiwit represents, said Carina Chotirawe, a lecturer at Chulalongkorn University s Faculty of Arts who disagreed with the decision.  To some their status as heroes is reinforced even more,   Carina said.  ",1
21177,Xi's power on parade as China party congress looms,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The recent scene at a dusty Inner Mongolia military base provided evidence of Chinese President Xi Jinping s consolidation of political power, even as he faces pushback from some quarters in his ruling Communist Party ahead of a critical gathering next month. Dressed in army fatigues, Xi reviewed a military parade on July 30 marking the 90th founding anniversary of the People s Liberation Army (PLA). Breaking with precedent at such events, Xi   who is head of the party and the military as well as president - did not share the stage with peers or party elders. PLA General Fan Changlong, in a further departure from the norm, hailed Xi as  lingxiu , or leader, a reverent honorific bestowed only on two others since the 1949 founding of the People s Republic of China: Chairman Mao Zedong and his short-lived successor, Hua Guofeng. According to six sources with ties to the leadership, as well as Chinese analysts and foreign diplomats, that display and others sent a clear signal of his increasingly dominant position in the runup to the Party s congress starting on Oct. 18, a meeting that is only held once every five years. Rana Mitter, director of the University of Oxford China Centre, said the  lingxiu  title would suggest Xi had succeeded in one of his key aims to  centralize as much authority and charisma under his own person  as possible. But as Xi s supporters promote his agenda, some party insiders, wary that he will accumulate too much power and effectively end three decades of collective leadership, have delayed agreement on who will end up on the party s Standing Committee, the apex of power, currently made up of seven men.  There is opposition to Xi getting too much power,  said a source with ties to the leadership. The State Council Information Office, which doubles as the party s spokesman s office, did not respond to a request for comment for this story. As is typical in the run-up to the Congress, competing name lists have been circulating in leadership circles for the Standing Committee, but sources caution they are possibilities rather than the final line-up.  There is an anti-Xi faction forming up,  said a Beijing-based diplomatic source, citing meetings he has had with Chinese officials.  It remains to be seen if he ll get it all his own way for the Standing Committee.  Key questions include whether Xi ally and top corruption buster Wang Qishan will stay on past traditional retirement age and, whether Xi will get his supporters in all the key positions. There will also be a lot of attention on any moves that would enable Xi to stay on in some top leadership capacity after his second term ends in 2022. Xi is required by the country s constitution to step down as president after two five-year terms. There is no limit on his tenure as the party and military chief, though a maximum 10-year term is the norm. Distinct from the standard usage of  lingdao  for leader,  lingxiu  evokes grander, almost spiritual, connotations.  The party is gearing up to put Xi on the same level as Mao,  another  Beijing-based diplomatic source said, referring to the significance of the  lingxiu  term.  The Central Party School, which is the top training ground for up-and-coming cadres and is influential in interpreting and disseminating party directives, has since the military parade used  lingxiu  in official party language to refer to Xi.  The Study Times, the school s official newspaper, referred  to Xi as  lingxiu  for the first time on Aug. 21.   This is the choice made by history, made by the people,  it said. The military s official PLA Daily also referred to Xi as  lingxiu  on Aug. 25. However, the People s Daily, the party s official newspaper, has yet to call Xi  lingxiu .  If Xi becomes  lingxiu  at the congress, it would be tantamount to being party chairman,  another source with leadership ties said.  Xi is currently the party s general secretary, but not chairman. China s first three leaders after the founding of the People s Republic in 1949 all carried the title party chairman -Mao, Hua and then Hu Yaobang. It has not been used since.  It would be a life-long tenure,  the source said, adding that adopting such a title would be easier than amending the party charter to resurrect the chairmanship, which was abolished in the early 1980s to prevent another Mao-like personality cult. Xi added  core  to his slew of titles last October.  If he were to be formally anointed  lingxiu  during the congress, his political clout would eclipse that of the past few presidents, the sources said. It would effectively grant him veto power on any major decision put to the Standing Committee, they said. For decades, the Communist Party general secretary has been technically first among equals in the Standing Committee under a collective leadership model designed to avoid one-man rule. While western analysts largely view Xi s centralization of authority as having a possibly narrowing effect on China s potential for further radical economic reform, three sources with leadership ties said Xi wants a strong hand precisely to force through changes that are resisted by vested interests.  This kind of title is essential,  a source with ties to the leadership told Reuters.  China at this juncture needs this kind of powerful man in control.  ",1
21178,Britain lifts electronic device ban on flights from Cairo: ministry,"CAIRO (Reuters) - British authorities have lifted a ban on carry-on electronic devices on planes arriving from Cairo airport, Egypt s Ministry of Civil Aviation said on Friday. The United States and Britain in March imposed restrictions banning electronic devices from being carried on planes coming from certain airports in Muslim-majority countries in the Middle East and North Africa. Authorities lifted the ban  after confirming that security procedures on Egypt s flights meet the requirements of the British Transportation Security Administration,  the ministry said in a statement. ",1
21179,"U.S.-led forces acknowledge killing 61 more civilians in Iraq, Syria","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State militants said on Friday it had confirmed another 61 likely civilian deaths caused by its strikes in Iraq and Syria, raising to 685 the number of civilians it has acknowledged killing since the conflict began. The coalition said in a statement that during July, it had investigated 37 reports of civilian casualties. It found that only 13 of the reports were credible and there were an estimated 61 unintentional civilian deaths. The coalition is investigating another 455 reports of civilian casualties caused by its artillery or air strikes, the statement said. It has now acknowledged at least 685 civilian deaths due to its air and artillery strikes since the conflict began in August 2014. The deadliest incident investigated in July was a March 14 strike near Mosul, in which the coalition attacked an Islamic State position where fighters were firing at coalition allies. That strike is believed to have killed 27 civilians in an adjacent structure, the statement said. ",1
21180,Next round of Syria talks in Astana set for September 14-15,"ASTANA (Reuters) - The next round of talks between Russia, Turkey and Iran on settling the Syrian civil conflict will take place in Kazakhstan on Sept. 14-15 and focus on forces that the three nations plan to deploy there, the Kazakh Foreign Ministry said on Friday. Kazakhstan hosts the talks which have in the past few months focused on establishing de-escalation zones in Syria.  According to the information from the guarantor states, during the upcoming meeting they plan to review several documents covering the work of de-escalation control forces, and continue work on agreeing the make-up of control forces in Idlib,  the ministry said in a statement. Moscow, Ankara and Tehran plan to map out de-escalation zones in Idlib, Homs and Eastern Ghouta, and discuss other matters such as prisoner exchange, it said. At the most recent Astana meeting, in July, the three nations failed to finalize an agreement on creating four de-escalation zones in Syria after Ankara raised objections. The talks, which began in January, have so far produced no breakthrough. Some Western diplomats have described them as Russia s attempt to  hijack  U.N.-led peace talks in Geneva involving the government and opposition. ",1
21181,Austrian Chancellor's party sues Foreign Minister ahead of election,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s ruling Social Democratic Party (SPO) is suing Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz, the chairman of its junior coalition partner, after he accused Chancellor Christian Kern s party of secretly accepting a 100,000 euro ($119,120) donation. The lawsuit marks a new low in the already strained relationship between the coalition partners, who have engaged in public squabbles for years. Polls for parliamentary elections scheduled for Oct. 15 show Kurz s conservative People s Party (OVP) ahead of the SPO.     The lawsuit relates to an interview shown on public broadcaster ORF on Monday in which Kurz said industrialist Hans-Peter Haselsteiner, a vocal supporter of the pro-business Neos party, donated 100,000 euros to the SPO via opaque channels. The lawsuit filed at Vienna s commercial court on Friday said the SPO s  good reputation, economic progress and honor was damaged  by Kurz s comments as it implied dishonesty. The SPO wants party donations to be capped at 20,000 euros.  With a view to the upcoming parliamentary elections, there is a very concrete danger that the (SPO) will achieve a worse result because of this accusation,  the lawsuit, seen by Reuters, said. The SPO said it has not been offered or received any donations from Haselsteiner, who is a key shareholder of construction group Strabag. Haselsteiner denied Kurz s accusations in newspaper Der Standard. The SPO wants Kurz to publicly retract his comments. In an emailed statement, the General Secretary of Kurz s OVP said Haselsteiner had donated money to an association that is critical of the OVP and hence indirectly supports the SPO. She said the SPO should make all its donations public. Kurz s spokesman was not immediately available for comment. ",1
21182,Myanmar army drops charges against six journalists amid   free speech concerns,"YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar s military on Friday dropped charges against six journalists facing trial on offences ranging from defamation to unlawful association, saying it wanted to work with the media in the interests of the country and its people. The legal action had sparked fears over curbs on free speech during Myanmar s transition from decades of military rule, under a government led by Nobel Peace Prize winner Suu Kyi, following a landmark 2015 election win. The military decided to  forgive and drop charges  against the media in an effort to  work together for the interest of the citizens and the country , it said in a statement. The army had to take legal action because the coverage had  disgraced the image, the dignity and the activity of the Tatmadaw,  it added, referring to the armed forces by their Myanmar name. Charges were dropped against three reporters arrested in late June for covering an event organized by the Ta ang National Liberation Army, an ethnic militia engaged in a stand-off with government troops.  They were charged under a colonial-era law against  unlawful association , which rights watchers said has long been used by Myanmar authorities to arbitrarily arrest and detain people.   It s injustice from the very beginning,  Pyae Phone Aung, one of the reporters arrested on June 26 in northeastern Shan state, told Reuters by telephone from the court where his trial was being held.  We journalists were just doing our work, but we were charged and spent more than 60 days in jail.  It was not immediately clear when the three journalists would be released.   Charges were also dropped against three more reporters, whose articles critical of the military had attracted defamation charges on the basis of several laws, including a telecoms law that rights monitors say restricts free speech.  Twenty journalists have been charged or arrested under the controversial law since Suu Kyi s government took power, the advocacy group Research Team for Telecommunications Law said.Despite pressure from human rights groups and Western diplomats, her government has retained the broadly worded law, and has not spoken out against the increasingly frequent arrests of reporters and activists. The military retains control of the police, key ministries and a quarter of lawmakers  seats. The courts also still lack independence, some analysts say. ",1
21183,Vietnam protests over Chinese military drill in South China Sea,"BEIJING/HANOI (Reuters) - China urged Vietnam on Friday to take a calm and rational view of its military drills in the South China Sea, after Vietnam expressed opposition, as tension between the neighbors worsens over the disputed strategic waterway. China has appeared uneasy at Vietnam s efforts to rally Southeast Asian countries over the busy waterway as well as at its neighbor s growing defense ties with the United States, Japan and India. In July, under pressure from Beijing, Vietnam suspended oil drilling in offshore waters that are also claimed by China. Vietnam was deeply concerned about the exercises in the Gulf of Tonkin area, at the north end of the South China Sea, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Le Thi Thu Hang said in a statement, but did not make clear what drills were being referred to.  Vietnam proposes China to cease and refrain from repeating acts that complicate the situation in the East Sea,  Hang said, employing Vietnam s name for the South China Sea. All foreign activities in Vietnamese waters must comply with Vietnamese and international laws, she added. Vietnam s Foreign Ministry conveyed its position to a Chinese embassy representative on Thursday, the statement added, without saying when China s announcement was made or when any drill might take place. In Beijing, Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said the drills were routine annual exercises and were being carried out in the northwestern part of the South China Sea.  The relevant sea is under China s jurisdiction,  she told a daily news briefing on Friday, adding that China had the right to carry out such drills in the waters there.  We hope the relevant side can calmly and rationally view it,  she added. Last month, the Maritime Safety Administration of China s southern province of Hainan, which oversees the South China Sea, said military drills would take place south of the province and east of Vietnam from Aug. 29 until Sept. 4. There would be live fire drills around the Paracel Islands, which Vietnam claims, until Sunday, it added. China claims nearly all the South China Sea, through which an estimated $3 trillion in international trade passes each year. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines and Taiwan also have claims. ",1
21184,"Despite strains, Vietnam and China forge closer economic ties","HANOI (Reuters) - Tensions are high on the South China Sea as Vietnam faces off against China over their overlapping maritime claims. But for the boatmen on the junks cruising the calm expanse of Vietnam s Ha Long Bay, another growing Chinese presence in the region is very welcome indeed.  More than half our tourists are Chinese now,  said Nguyen Van Phu, 33, who has spent six years working on the boats that chug between the bay s spectacular stone towers.  If they stopped coming it would be a big problem, if not a disaster.  The number of Chinese tourists in Vietnam has surged this year, just one sign of the growing economic ties between two long-time enemies. Chinese investment in Vietnam is also increasing rapidly, as is trade between the two countries. But while tourists, trade and investment are being welcomed, they also present a challenge for a fiercely independent country like Vietnam, which has been wary of China s growing influence in the region.  The rising economic dependence on China makes it more difficult for Vietnam to decide how far to confront China on the South China Sea,  said Nguyen Khac Giang, a researcher at the Vietnam Economics and Policy Research Institution.  Vietnam would suffer far more than China economically in the event of political instability given its smaller size, he said. China exports more goods to Vietnam than any other country in Southeast Asia, sending textiles to be made into shirts and sneakers, and electronic components for mobile phones and large flat-panel displays. Those completed products are exported around the world, as well as back to China.     Vietnam also makes electronics components for factories in China, and exports computers for Chinese consumers. Manufacturers see Vietnam as an attractive base, with wages as little as a third of those in coastal regions of China, according to employment consultants. And while proximity has historically been a source of friction between the two countries - they fought a border war as recently as 1979 and armed clashes flared for years afterwards - for manufacturers it s a boon.  We strategically invested in Vietnam because of its geographical advantage   closer to China and hence lower cost on materials, transportation and relatively shorter production lead time,  said Bosco Law, chief executive of the Hong Kong-based Lawsgroup. The company makes clothes for brands such as Gap, whose global operations include scores of outlets in China. Businesses contacted by Reuters declined to talk openly about the risks for them of tension between Vietnam and China. Chinese trade and investment has surged across Southeast Asia in recent years as companies search out new bases for manufacturing and consumers for their goods.  China has also invested in infrastructure and plans to pour development funds into Southeast Asia as part of its sprawling Belt and Road initiative. That has already had a political effect.  Big recipients of Chinese investment such as Cambodia and Laos are promoting China s line on the South China Sea at regional meetings.  President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines, meanwhile, has cited Chinese investment pledges as he softens his country s stance on its maritime disputes with China. Tensions between Beijing and Hanoi have been high since mid-June, when Chinese pressure forced Vietnam to suspend oil drilling on a block that overlaps the line China says marks its claim to almost all the South China Sea. As Vietnam has emerged as the most vocal regional opponent of China s maritime claims in Southeast Asia, it has drawn Beijing s ire. Its growing defense links to the United States, Japan and India also make China suspicious. The Vietnamese government has also had to contend with public pressure at home. A row over Chinese oil drilling in disputed waters in the South China Sea in 2014 sparked anti-China riots in Vietnam in which foreign factories thought to be Chinese were set on fire, before the rig was removed. Tourism dipped in the aftermath, but quickly bounced back. Trade has also risen steadily since then.   Exports to China jumped nearly 43 percent to $13 billion in the first half of 2017 from a year earlier, according to customs data. Imports rose more slowly, climbing 16 percent. Chinese tourist arrivals, meanwhile, soared 60 percent to nearly 1.9 million in the first half of 2017 to account for around one third of all foreign visitors. For the most part, the government has welcomed the boost from Chinese tourism, as it strives to meet a 6.7 percent target for annual economic growth. Vietnam is also welcoming Chinese investments, if cautiously.   We should be careful but at the same time we should take advantage,  said Nguyen Mai, the president of Vietnam s Association of Foreign Invested Enterprises. The biggest foreign direct investors in Vietnam have long been from South Korea and Japan, particularly in the electronics sector. More than 100,000 Vietnamese work for Samsung alone in Vietnam. However, Chinese investment is growing quickly, nearly doubling last year to almost 8 percent of total foreign direct investment. Investment went into solar panel and plastics factories, among other areas. Direct U.S. investment accounts for about 2 percent of the total so far this year; the United States is also Vietnam s second-largest trade partner. For a graphic on Vietnam-China trade, click: tmsnrt.rs/2fIhfYc ",1
21185,Thailand approves $2.2 billion in help for rice farmers,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand s government on Friday announced $2.2 billion in loans and handouts to help stabilize prices for rice farmers, a politically influential group whose heartland is in regions where opposition to the military junta is strongest. Thailand s staple food has long been a factor in its politics. The announcement by the commerce ministry came a week after former prime minister Yingluck Shinawatra fled into exile ahead of a court verdict in a criminal negligence case over a rice subsidy scheme that cost billions of dollars. The ministry said it would provide $1.57 billion in handouts to farmers and $633 million in loans that will cover 3.7 million households. The program will span the seasonal harvest from the start of November this year to the end of February 2018.  This is to help take 2 million tonnes of rice from the market,  Nuntawan Sakuntanaga, head of the commerce ministry s department of internal trade, told reporters. The government introduced similar short-term loans and cash handouts for rice farmers last year that cost the state $2.3 billion to cover 4 million households during the same period.  This subsidy program is essentially similar to past rice subsidies introduced by previous governments,  said Somporn Isvilanonda, a senior fellow at the Knowledge Network Institute of Thailand who is critical of subsidies.  The bottom line is these cash handouts create more debt for farmers,  Somporn said. After hitting a four-year high earlier this year, the price of benchmark Thai 5-percent broken white rice has tumbled by nearly 20 percent over the last two months to $372.50 per tonne, its lowest since April. Thailand s main rice-growing areas are the northeastern and central regions, which have traditionally been strongholds of support for the populist Shinawatra movement of Yingluck and her brother Thaksin, who was overthrown in a 2006 coup. ",1
21186,France says North Korea close to long-range missile capability,"PARIS (Reuters) - France s foreign minister said on Friday that North Korea would have capability to send long-range ballistic missiles in a few months and urged China to be more active diplomatically to resolve the crisis.   The situation is extremely serious... we see North Korea setting itself as an objective to have tomorrow or the day after missiles that can transport nuclear weapons. In a few months that will be a reality,  Jean-Yves Le Drian told RTL radio.    At the moment, when North Korea has the means to strike the United States, even Europe, but definitely Japan and China, then the situation will be explosive,  he said. Le Drian, who spoke to his Chinese counterpart on Thursday, said everything had to be done to ensure a latest round of United Nations sanctions was implemented and urged China, Pyongyang s main trade partner, to do its utmost to enforce them.  North Korea must find the path to negotiations. It must be diplomatically active.  ",1
21187,Exclusive: Pyongyang university to start fall classes without American staff after travel ban,"SEOUL (Reuters) - Pyongyang University of Science and Technology (PUST), North Korea s only western-funded university, will start the fall semester without its dozens of American staff after failing to secure exemptions to a U.S. travel ban that starts on Friday.  PUST - home to the largest concentration of foreigners in the reclusive state - plans to revise courses and teaching schedules but its largely English-based curriculum will be heavily impacted, two sources familiar with PUST s operations said. PUST was founded in 2010 by a Korean American evangelical Christian with the goal of helping North Korea's future elite learn the skills to modernize the isolated country and engage with the outside world. (Graphic: Americans detained in North Korea - tmsnrt.rs/2pmE3ks) In mid-July, however, the U.S. State Department announced a ban on Americans traveling to North Korea following the death earlier this year of an American student who had been detained by the state while on a tour. It advised U.S. citizens living there to leave. Since then, tensions on the Korean peninsula have escalated significantly. Nuclear-armed North Korea has undertaken a number of provocative missile tests, including two intercontinental ballistic missile launches and one medium-range missile test this week that flew over Japan. Of the roughly 130 foreigners at PUST including faculty members, staffers and family members, about 60 were U.S. citizens, one of the sources said, asking not to be named due to the sensitivity of the situation. None had received special permission to stay and all have now left Pyongyang.  The teaching activities and the unique  international English-based  character of the school are severely impacted by the U.S. travel ban and the decision of some other personnel not to return,  the source said.  The school, which is open about its Christian affiliation, has already been rocked by the detention of two of its staff members by the North Korean regime this year. The two were accused of acting against the interests of the state. U.S. officials announced the ban six weeks ago due to the risk Americans will be held for  long-term detention  in the country. The ban was imposed after U.S. student Otto Warmbier was sentenced to 15 years hard labor for allegedly trying to steal a propaganda poster while on a tour last year.  Warmbier fell into a coma in custody and died soon after he was released to U.S. officials. The circumstances surrounding his death are not clear. The last major tour involving U.S. tourists flew out of North Korea on Thursday. The ban, similar to previous U.S. restrictions on travel to Iraq and Libya, makes North Korea the only country in the world Americans are currently banned by the State Department from visiting. Journalists and humanitarian workers can apply for special permission. But the U.S. government has yet to issue guidelines on how to obtain waivers, leaving PUST and educators uncertain how or when it might be possible to apply for exemptions, according to the people familiar with PUST s operations. The State Department said it was unable to comment on specific requests for exemptions.  Over the past several weeks, PUST leaders have tried to lobby for exemptions so that their work can continue, the sources said. The school is involved in ongoing discussions with U.S. officials, they added. The university was seen as a rare experiment in academic diplomacy with a country increasingly entirely isolated from the rest of the world due to tightening sanctions over its defiant pursuit of nuclear weapons programs. U.S. President Donald Trump has vowed to stop Pyongyang achieving its goal of being able to fire a nuclear warhead to the United States and has warned the U.S. military is  locked and loaded  in case of North Korean provocation. Since PUST took in its first 50 students in 2010, the school has grown to about 500 undergraduate and 60 graduate students studying in mostly three departments - electronic and computer engineering, international finance and management and agriculture and life sciences.   A lot of effort has been spent over the past seven years that PUST has been operating. The prospect of this progress being undermined - even totally thwarted - as a consequence of the U.S. government action, is deeply worrying to everyone involved,  one of the sources said. ",1
21188,Top Indian court to hear Rohingya deportation case amid Myanmar violence,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India s top court has agreed to hear a plea challenging a government decision to deport all of an estimated 40,000 Rohingya Muslims living in the country after fleeing persecution in Myanmar, a lawyer involved in the case said on Friday. A petition was filed on behalf of two Rohingya men who live in Delhi after fleeing their village in Myanmar s Rakhine State, where the latest surge of violence has killed at least 400 people and sent about 40,000 Rohingya fleeing to Bangladesh.  Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi s Hindu nationalist government said last month it was going to expel all Rohingya, even those registered with the U.N. refugee agency, drawing criticism from aid groups and some politicians.  The Supreme Court realizes the urgency of it, that s why they have agreed to hear it on Monday,  lawyer Prashant Bhushan told Reuters.   You can t send somebody away to face certain death in another country, that would be a violation of his Article 21 rights.  Bhushan said the Indian constitution s Article 21, on the protection of life and personal liberty, applied to non-citizens.  Deportation would also contradict the principle of non-refoulement - or not sending back refugees to a place where they face danger, he said. Home Ministry spokesman K.S. Dhatwalia declined to comment, saying the government would present its case to the court. Mohammad Salimullah, the first petitioner, came to India in 2012 via the eastern state of West Bengal, on the border with Bangladesh, according to the petition seen by Reuters. The second petitioner, Mohammad Shaqir, arrived in 2011. Both said in the petitions that their lives would be in danger if they were sent back to Myanmar, where clashes broke out last Friday after Rohingya insurgents wielding sticks, knives and crude bombs attacked police posts and an army base. The Rohingya are denied citizenship in Buddhist-majority Myanmar and regarded as illegal immigrants, despite claiming roots that date back centuries.  Bangladesh is also growing hostile to Rohingya, more than 400,000 of whom live there after fleeing Myanmar since the early 1990s. From Bangladesh, many Rohingya have crossed a porous border into Hindu-majority India, where they are starting to get vilified by some right-wing groups.  We should not be targeted just because we are Muslims,  Rohingya Ali Johar, who came to India in 2012 and lives with his family in a Delhi settlement, said by phone.  We ve already faced persecution in Myanmar. India should not do anything that will show them as racist.  Myanmar denies persecuting the Rohingya. It says its security forces are tackling  terrorists  who have launched attacks in Rakhine State.   ",1
21189,"China names new commanders for army, air force in reshuffle","BEIJING (Reuters) - China has appointed new commanders of its army and air force in a reshuffle ahead of next month s Communist Party congress, as President Xi Jinping brings new blood into the military s top ranks amid an ambitious modernization program. China s armed forces, the world s largest, are ramping up their capabilities with new equipment like aircraft carriers and stealth fighters as the country pursues a more assertive stance in the disputed East and South China Seas and seeks to project power far from home shores. The new army chief, Han Weiguo, is not a high-profile figure but has risen rapidly, with three promotions since 2015. He was also commanding officer in charge of a military parade in Inner Mongolia in July overseen by Xi to mark 90 years since the founding of the People s Liberation Army. Han had previously served as head of the central theater command, a military district that includes Beijing and a large swathe of central China. His new position was announced by state media on Friday. The army has been less of a focus of the military modernization, with more resources poured into the air force and navy that have increasingly been carrying out drills in distant regions. The new air force chief, Ding Laihang, announced by the Defence Ministry on the same day, is also a relatively low-profile figure, who ran air force operations for China s northern theater command before his promotion. New navy chief Shen Jinlong took up his position in January. Sources with ties to the leadership say he is close to Xi. All three men could be promoted to the Central Military Commission headed by Xi, which is in overall charge of the People s Liberation Army, when the party holds its once-in-five-years congress in Bejing next month. Another promotion was announced in August, with previous army commander Li Zuocheng being made the new chief of the Joint Staff Department of the People s Liberation Army. Li has had a much higher profile, as one of the few senior military officers with combat experience, having fought Vietnam in a brief border war in 1979. Last year he was glowingly profiled in the official Beijing Daily, which described his time fighting the Vietnamese, accompanied by black-and-white pictures of the then 26-year-old in a trench and pointing to a map. It was not clear what had happened to Fang Fenghui, the chief of the Joint Staff Department before Li. At a news briefing on Thursday, Defence Ministry spokesman Ren Guoqiang declined to comment on Fang, who turns 67 next year, usually around the age at which Chinese officials retire. ",1
21190,"G4S suspends nine staff at UK migrant center, says to investigate conduct","EDINBURGH (Reuters) - British outsourcer G4S has suspended nine members of staff at an immigration removal center while it investigates a BBC report alleging abuse in the treatment of migrants, the company said on Friday.  We have received written allegations of abhorrent conduct at Brook House and on that basis we have deemed it serious enough to suspend the staff involved,  a spokeswoman for G4S said. She said the company had not yet seen footage of the alleged incidents, however. BBC Panorama, a flagship documentary program, said on its website that an investigation revealed  chaos, incompetence and abuse  in the treatment of migrants in a program which will be aired next week. The incident has been reported to the police, the spokeswoman said. Officers were not immediately able to comment.  The kind of behavior alleged is completely unacceptable, and does a great disservice to the vast majority of staff who do a great job in very difficult circumstances,  the spokeswoman said. The issue highlights the difficulty of running sensitive services for the government and the potential reputational damage for outsourcing companies. Earlier this year an investigation at the G4S-run Medway Secure Training Centre resulted in allegations of abuse and mistreatment of youngsters. The center is now run by the government s National Offender Management Service. Brook House, near Gatwick Airport, is staffed by more than 200 employees and has around 500 occupants. More than 14,000 people passed through it in the last year.  The unit houses a mix of those who have not fulfilled their visa requirements and criminals who are being deported. ",1
21191,"Pope, Orthodox leader make climate change appeal to 'heal wounded creation'","VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis and Orthodox Christian leader Patriarch Bartholomew called on Friday for a collective response from world leaders to climate change, saying the planet was deteriorating and vulnerable people were the first to be affected. The appeal comes three months after U.S. President Donald Trump withdrew from a global agreement, struck in Paris, to limit greenhouse gas emissions.  We urgently appeal to those in positions of social and economic, as well as political and cultural, responsibility to hear the cry of the earth and to attend to the needs of the marginalized,  Francis and Bartholomew said in a joint statement.  Above all , the leaders of the world s 1.2 billion Catholics and up to 300 million Orthodox Christians asked for a response  to the plea of millions and support (for) the consensus of the world for the healing of our wounded creation.  The joint message was not addressed to any specific world leaders. Many were dismayed when the U.S. backed out of the Paris accord, a decision a senior Vatican official later called  a disaster . ",1
21192,Japan's struggling opposition Democrats pick ex-foreign minister Maehara as leader,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan s struggling opposition Democratic Party elected former foreign minister Seiji Maehara to lead the party on Friday as it tries to raise its single-digit ratings and fend off a challenge by a new group with ties to popular Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike. Maehara, 55, a conservative on security who shares Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s desire to revise the post-war, pacifist constitution, takes over amid speculation that Abe may call a snap general election later this year to refresh his mandate. Maehara previously held the Democrats  top post from 2005-2006.  If I were to refer now to a change in government, the people would say,  Whatever are you talking about?  But we must change this dangerous political situation where there are no choices except the (ruling) Liberal Democratic Party or hopes for something whose form is not yet known,  Maehara told his fellow party members. The party, an often fractious mix of conservatives and liberals, had to pick a new chief after its first female head, Renho, who goes by one name, quit having failed to capitalize on Abe s sagging ratings, eroded by suspected cronyism scandals and a perception he was complacent after 4-1/2 years in office. Abe s support has since rebounded off lows of under 30 percent in some polls, touching 46 percent in a survey by Nikkei business daily in late August. The novice Democratic Party surged to power in 2009, ousting the long-ruling LDP with promises to put individuals ahead of companies and address social inequalities. But many voters still have bad memories of its rule, which was plagued by infighting, policy flip-flops and unkept promises. Abe led the LDP to a huge victory in December 2012. The Democrats could face a new threat if efforts by backers of former LDP lawmaker Koike to create a new nationwide opposition party bear fruit. Her Tokyo Citizens First party dealt the LDP a historic defeat in a metropolitan assembly election last month, spurring talk it could evolve into a  Japan First  party to field candidates in a general election that must be held by late 2018.  Speculation is simmering that Abe could call a snap election as early as October, to take advantage of opposition disarray, though he d risk losing the ruling bloc s  super majority  in the lower house. Maehara defeated liberal rival Yukio Edano, a former chief cabinet secretary during the Democrats  days in power.   ",1
21193,Tajikistan agrees to more intelligence exchanges with China,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s foreign ministry on Friday announced an agreement with Tajikistan to establish exchanges of security intelligence as part of an upgrade to diplomatic relations during a state visit by Tajik President Emomali Rahmon to China.  Chinese President Xi Jinping and Rahmon on Thursday established a  comprehensive strategic partnership  between the two countries, according to a statement released on the foreign ministry s website.  The two sides agreed to bolster efforts to combat the threats of terrorism, separatism and religious extremism, as well as international criminal groups and drug trafficking by launching professional intelligence exchanges, the posting said.  Both sides will strengthen communications between defense, security and law enforcement departments and deepen intelligence exchanges,  it said.  China s plan to rebuild the ancient Silk Road by reconnecting trade routes from its borders into Central and South East Asia, dubbed the Belt and Road Initiative, has raised new security concerns for the country and its companies.  Beijing has worked to deepen security cooperation with countries in Central Asia and elsewhere to make up for shortfalls in its own intelligence and security measures to combat terror groups and other threats in the region. The Shanghai Cooperation Organization, a security bloc established in 2001 by China, Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan to fight radical Islam, has expanded to now include nearly twenty states as members or partners.  In September last year, China agreed to finance and build several outposts for Tajik border guards and other facilities along the porous 1,345-km border between Tajikistan and Afghanistan. ",1
21194,Former Venezuelan prosecutor meets Mexican attorney general,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Venezuela s former chief prosecutor Luisa Ortega met Mexico s attorney general on Thursday, a Mexican official said, weeks after she fled her homeland accusing Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro of involvement in corruption. Ortega, who was removed from her position earlier this month, said a week ago she had evidence that Maduro was involved in graft with construction company Odebrecht. The 59-year-old Ortega has said she would give details of the corruption cases to authorities in the United States, Spain, Mexico, Brazil and Colombia. Mexican attorney general Raul Cervantes met Ortega for around 10 minutes in Mexico City, an official at the attorney general s office said. He gave no further details of the meeting and spoke on condition of anonymity. Late on Thursday, Ortega posted a picture on Twitter of herself with Cervantes in Mexico, saying the two had met to  coordinate actions in the fight against corruption.  Pictures posted on social media earlier on Thursday showed Ortega arriving at Mexico City airport. Ortega says she has been persecuted by opponents in an effort to hide details of high-level corruption and that she has proof of it. She was a key player in Venezuela s government before breaking with it in March. Ortega left Venezuela for Colombia and traveled to Brazil to meet prosecutors last week. Odebrecht admitted in a settlement with U.S. and Brazilian prosecutors to paying bribes across 12 countries to win contracts. According to a U.S. court ruling, Odebrecht paid about $788 million in bribes in countries including Brazil, Argentina, Colombia, Mexico and Venezuela between 2001 and 2016. Mexico s government has been sharply critical of the Maduro administration, accusing it of undermining democracy. ",1
21195,China probes former vice-chief of securities regulator for graft,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - A former vice-chairman of China s securities regulator, Yao Gang, is being investigated for taking bribes, the official China Daily said, citing the prosecutors  office. Yao was one of the most senior figures arrested in a  crackdown on suspected stock manipulation in late 2015, after the mid-year collapse of the Chinese stock market following a long bull run. Yao was subject to  coercive measures,  which can range from summons and surveillance to detention and arrest, among other actions, the Supreme People s Procuratorate said, without specifying which he faced, the newspaper said on Thursday. In July, China s graft watchdog said Yao would be prosecuted for offences that included taking bribes and  destroying the order of capital markets . Yao, 55, was the general manager of Guotai Junan Securities in 1999 before taking a position with the China Securities Regulatory Commission in 2002, the paper said. At the CSRC, he was known as the  King of IPOs , overseeing initial public offerings on the Chinese mainland for 13 years, it added.   ",1
21196,Guatemala political crisis may affect growth: central bank,"GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - Guatemalan economic growth may slow if a political crisis sparked by a dispute between President Jimmy Morales and the head of a U.N. anti-corruption body persists, the head of the central bank said on Thursday. The Central American nation has been rattled by uncertainty since Morales on Sunday tried to eject Ivan Velasquez, head of Guatemala s International Commission against Impunity (CICIG), in the face of resistance from Western powers. The Friday before, Velasquez and the attorney general s office requested Morales be stripped of presidential immunity so he could be investigated for suspected campaign finance irregularities during his successful 2015 tilt at the top job. The country s top court later blocked Morales from expelling Velasquez, a decision the president accepted. Nevertheless, the dispute continues to simmer, and street protests have been staged in support of both Morales and Velasquez. The row has not had a negative effect on the economy so far, said Sergio Recinos, head of the central bank.  But if it carries on for a long time, well, it s going to have an impact,  he told Reuters in an interview. Morales, a former comedian, was elected on the back of popular discontent with his predecessor Otto Perez, who was toppled in 2015 over a multi-million dollar graft scandal uncovered by the CICIG and attorney general Thelma Aldana. Perez is now in prison standing trial. Recinos said he had received phone calls this week from credit rating agencies and international investors mindful of what had happened in 2015 so they could question him on the crisis. Saying the economy grew 4.1 percent in 2015, Recinos added that the Perez scandal did not immediately hit the economy.  But in 2016 there was a slowdown (to 3.1 percent) and the (Perez) crisis must have had an effect,  he added. The central bank now expects the Guatemalan economy to grow by between 3.0 and 3.4 percent this year. The CICIG, which is already investigating a brother and son of Morales on suspicion of fraud, has been strongly backed by the United Nations, the European Union and the United States. ",1
21197,Colombia's FARC rebels keep famous acronym for new political party,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia s disarmed FARC rebel group is preserving its famous acronym as it becomes a civilian political party, part of its demobilization under a peace deal with the government to end more than 50 years of war. The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia rebels, whose first political conference will close on Friday with a concert and speeches in Bogota s central square, will now go by Revolutionary Alternative Common Force, preserving the Spanish initials. Under the 2016 peace deal to end its part in a war that has killed more than 220,000 people, most of the group s fighters  were granted amnesty and allowed to participate in politics. Whether the rebels will get backing from Colombians, many of whom revile them, remains to be seen. The group had originally floated several other names, including others which kept the initials, but the new name won against New Colombia in voting at the conference on Thursday, FARC leader Rodrigo Londono, known by his nom de guerre Timochenko, said on Twitter. FARC leadership and social media accounts also posted a graphic of the party s policy priorities and its new logo, a red rose with a red star in the middle. Policies will included the fight against corruption and promoting arts and culture.  No more traditional political parties and their corrupt policies. Transparency and truth will guide the actions of the new party,  the graphic reads.  Youth, women, indigenous people, rural farmers, Afro-Colombians, artists, the LGBTI population, housewives, students, workers and the unemployed - everyone s opinion matters.  The FARC s often old-fashioned Marxist rhetoric strikes many as a throwback to their 1964 founding, but proposals for reforms to complicated property laws could get traction with rural voters who struggle as subsistence farmers. Under the peace accord, FARC s party will have 10 automatic seats in Congress through 2026 and may campaign for others.  Both legislative and presidential elections are set for 2018. ",1
21198,"Jails, justice system at breaking point as Philippine drugs war intensifies","MANILA Reuters) - In a teeming prison for undertrials in the Philippines  capital Manila, Rody Lacanilao, an inmate for 18 months, says he prays for clear weather at night. A downpour, he says, will prevent him and hundreds of fellow prisoners in the Quezon City jail from sleeping on plywood mats in an outdoor hallway. The cells themselves are overflowing with an influx of detainees from President Rodrigo Duterte s year-long war on drugs. Thousands of people have been killed in Duterte s campaign, mainly drug users and small-time peddlers. Tens of thousands of others have been thrown into jail, and both prisons and courts in the Southeast Asian nation are creaking under the pressure.  Since the war on drugs started, it became harder to sleep,  Lacanilao told a Reuters team allowed access to the Quezon City jail.  We have no place to go to when it rains.  The 37-year-old is facing trial on a drugs charge. The prison was initially built for 262 inmates, but now has 2,975, three-quarters of them jailed for drug-related offences.  At night, its basketball court, chapel, classrooms and walkways become sleeping areas for detainees. Inmates who spoke to Reuters said living conditions were unbearable, made worse by the prospect that it could be years before their trials are decided. Many of them are not eligible for bail or cannot afford to pay the bond.  Prisoners came in one after the other. If you have money, you can buy a spot in the sleeping quarters,  said Junjun Vallecer, who says he has been in the jail for four years for possession of drugs but is still being tried. He says he has to wait four to six months between court appearances. The Bureau of Jail Management and Penology (BJMP) put the prison population in the country, including undertrials and convicts, at 137,417 as of the end of June, up 22 percent since Duterte took office at the end of June last year.  Police and the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency arrested 96,703 suspected pushers, users and chemists from July last year until earlier this month, according to police data. A staggering 94 percent of people jailed for drug offences are still undertrials, according to BJMP. Police in Manila arrest nearly 100 drug suspects each day, says Oscar Albayalde, the capital s police chief.   Whether they are minor charges or not, we have to arrest these people,  Albayalde told Reuters.  We make these arrests that contribute to the over-congestion of the detention cells ... but what can we do?  Including a backlog, the BJMP says 303,534 narcotics cases were at trial or being processed as of June. Most of the cases are defended by the Public Attorney s Office (PAO), a legal aid agency attached to the Department of Justice. At the end of 2016, the agency had a backlog of 303,000 drugs cases, compared to about 82,000 at the end of June 2016, just before Duterte unleashed his fierce anti-drugs campaign.  The agency says it has 1,665 lawyers to handle a total of 709,128 criminal cases currently pending, meaning an average of 426 cases for each of them.  We have tons of work,  said public defender Karen Jay Sabugo, eating a meal of instant noodles at her desk.  There are times when I return to the office so exhausted that I can t speak with colleagues anymore.  The 30-year-old, in her first year as a trial lawyer, told Reuters she attends more than a dozen court hearings a day.  In the morning, we attend court hearings and in the afternoon, we prepare pleadings and meet clients. I go to jails to prepare our defense.  Boxloads of documents are piled up inside the PAO s office in Quezon City. Most are related to cases, but some are applications for about 750 new positions the government has agreed to create in the agency in the next two years to handle the overflow of cases. Typically, trials in the Philippines begin some years after arrest, said Maria Socorro Diokno, executive director of the Free Legal Assistance Group (FLAG), an organization of human rights lawyers. Trial last two to three years on average in regional courts, and another two or three years are taken up by appeals. Even before Duterte s anti-drugs crackdown, the Philippines had the third-most-congested prison system in the world after Haiti and El Salvador, according to the London-based Institute for Criminal Policy Research. An average of six inmates occupy a space of 4.7 square meters, the space intended for one prisoner, data from the BJMP showed. One Philippine prison officer watches over 63 prisoners on average, far from the stipulated one-to-seven ratio, and there are insufficient numbers of guards to escort suspects to court hearings, the data showed.  The ratios are really wild,  said Martin Perfecto, deputy director of the Philippines Bureau of Corrections. FLAG lawyer Alex Padilla says judicial reform is not a priority in the Philippines because there is scant sympathy for those accused of crimes. Duterte is extremely popular because people are fed up with crime and many support the killings in his campaign, he said.  Judicial reform is the last reform because it s dirty,  Padilla said.  These are criminals ... they are the garbage of the society.  (GRAPHIC: Lawyers, jails inundated by Duterte's war on drugs - tmsnrt.rs/2vNCFW4) ",1
21199,Panama ex-president facing political spying charges should be extradited: U.S. judge,"(Reuters) - A federal judge in Miami on Thursday said former Panamanian President Ricardo Martinelli should be extradited to his homeland to face charges he illegally orchestrated a campaign funded by public money to spy on political rivals there. U.S. Magistrate Judge Edwin Torres said Panama had established probable cause for all charges it brought against Martinelli, and that a show of  good faith  to its government required his surrender.  There are reasonable grounds to suppose him guilty of all or some of the offenses charged,  Torres wrote in a 93-page decision. The U.S. Department of State will decide whether to extradite Martinelli, but in an Aug. 1 court filing said it supported extradition. It is not clear when a decision might be made. Martinelli, 65, has denied the charges, and plans to appeal the extradition order, according to an email from his lawyer Marcos Jimenez. He is also seeking political asylum. Officials with the Panamanian government did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Martinelli was Panama s president from 2009 to 2014. Prosecutors accused him of diverting more than $13.4 million of public funds, intended to help the underprivileged, to fund a surveillance system to listen in on more than 150 rivals. Martinelli, a wealthy businessman through his ownership of supermarkets, was arrested in June by U.S. authorities in Coral Gables, Florida, and later held without bail. He had previously left Panama as that country was preparing to charge him. Panama s current president, Juan Carlos Varela, had once been Martinelli s vice president, but they later became rivals. Martinelli s lawyers have called their client s prosecution politically motivated. They had sparred with U.S. prosecutors over whether an extradition treaty updated in July 2014 between the United States and Panama covered Martinelli s alleged cyber crimes, which predated the update. Torres said it did, and that Martinelli s having  at best  suggested the issue was ambiguous was  not enough to conclude that his interpretation ultimately prevails and bars his extradition.  ",1
21200,Iraqi prime minister declares victory over IS in Tal Afar,"ERBIL, Iraq/BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi Prime Minister Hayder al-Abadi declared victory over Islamic State militants in Tal Afar and the entire province of Nineveh on Thursday, despite continued fighting in the small town of al- Ayadiya. Tal Afar had become the next target of the U.S.-backed war on the jihadist group following the capture of Mosul, where it had declared its  caliphate  over parts of Iraq and Syria in 2014.  Tal Afar has been liberated,  Abadi said in a statement.  We say to the Islamic State fighters: wherever you are, we are coming for you, and you have no choice but to surrender or die.  The defeat in Mosul, Nineveh s provincial capital, marked the latest in a string of territorial losses for the group. However, the militants still control areas on both sides of the Syrian-Iraqi border. This includes Hawija, a city between Mosul and Baghdad that Iraqi officials have said will be the coalition s next target. The Iraqi army dropped millions of leaflets over Hawija on Thursday, warning residents it was preparing an offensive to recapture the city from Islamic State, the military said in a statement. The leaflets urged residents to stay away from militants  headquarters, to drop weapons and turn themselves in to avoid being killed. Iraqi forces had been waiting to clear al- Ayadiya, 11 km (7 miles) northwest of Tal Afar, before declaring complete victory in the offensive. Islamic State militants had retreated to the town. Divisions from the Iraqi army and federal police, backed by units from Shi ite paramilitaries, retook al- Ayadiya on Thursday, military officers told Reuters, after several days of unexpectedly fierce fighting. However, pockets of resistance remained and Iraqi forces were still working to clear the remaining militants from the town.  We have to make sure that no more terrorists remain hiding inside the town s houses,  Army Lieutenant Colonel Salah Kareem told Reuters. Two military officers whose units are leading the fight in al- Ayadiya on Thursday said scattered groups of militants were still hiding in houses and using tunnel networks to move through the town. Four soldiers were killed and 10 more wounded as clashes continued in parts of al- Ayadiya on Thursday night, despite the announcement hours earlier by the prime minister. Three soldiers were killed on Thursday evening and seven more wounded when a woman detonated a suicide vest, Kareem said.  Soldiers thought the woman was a civilian trying to escape the fighting, but as soon as she came close to the soldiers,  she blew herself up and killed three,  an army officer said. In a separate incident, an Islamic State sniper killed a soldier and wounded three others during a search.  We are still being shot at by snipers and coming under heavy gunfire from Daesh fighters,  Kareem said. Iraqi forces will intensify their operations on Friday, to dislodge the militants still entrenched inside scattered houses, army officers said. Hundreds of additional troops had been sent into al- Ayadiya on Wednesday, as Iraqi forces came under increasing pressure to clear Islamic State fighters before the start of the Muslim holiday of Eid on Thursday evening. The battle was unexpectedly tough, with house-to-house fighting in the center of town. If reclaiming the town was harder than expected, the larger battle for Tal Afar was easier. The city s rapid collapse on Sunday after just eight days of fighting lent support to Iraqi military reports that the militants lack sturdy command and control structures west of Mosul. Up to 2,000 battle-hardened militants were believed to be defending Tal Afar against around 50,000 government troops last week. It was unclear how many had retreated to al- Ayadiya. U.S. Army Lieutenant General Stephen Townsend congratulated the Iraqi forces on achieving a  stunningly swift and decisive  victory in Tal Afar.  This is Iraq liberating Iraqis,  he told a Pentagon teleconference from Baghdad. Townsend added however, that a quick victory in Tal Afar did not necessarily mean the fight to retake Islamic State s remaining territory would be easy.  While I would like to say that we would see this elsewhere in Iraq and Syria, we are not really planning for that,  Townsend said.  We pledge to you, our people, that we will continue to liberate every inch of Iraq,  Abadi said in his statement. Tens of thousands of people had fled Tal Afar, a city with a pre-war population of about 200,000, in recent months. The United Nations estimated that 20,000 people had fled the city and its surrounding areas between Aug. 14 and 22 alone. Civilians who fled Tal Afar in recent weeks told Reuters  they had faced months of starvation and brutal treatment by the militants, who threatened them with death if they tried to escape. ",1
21201,Brazil anti-graft head defends graft fines after backlash,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - A top Brazilian federal prosecutor defended the size of fines levied against companies involved in the nation s graft probes, saying that despite a public outcry some were too low, it was more important to dismantle the schemes than punish firms.     Fines of different sizes and different terms have raised concerns that Brazil s sweeping anti-corruption investigation may not be dishing out equal justice for all. Marcelo Muscogliati, the coordinator of the anti-corruption committee within Brazil s federal prosecutors office, told Reuters on Wednesday that the main aim of the leniency deals which include the fines was to root out corruption.  The deals are a tool to seek evidence, not to hand out fines,  Muscogliati said.  The fine and reparations are secondary. What is important is dismantling criminal organizations, mafias.   Brazilian prosecutors came under withering criticism after they signed a 10.3 billion-real ($3.3 billion) leniency deal with the holding company running JBS SA, the world s largest meatpacker, in relation to kickbacks it paid politicians to win government investment deals and contracts. Prosecutors gave the billionaire Batista family, which controls the company, 25 years to pay the fine and pegged it to Brazil s consumer price index, sharply reducing the penalty s net present value. According to Reuters calculations, the fine s net present value is 5.45 billion reais - about 47 percent less than in nominal terms.     By contrast, a 3.9 billion-real fine that engineering group Odebrecht SA agreed to pay over 22 years will be adjusted by the benchmark overnight Selic interest rate, currently running well above annual inflation.    A state attorney is investigating whether the Batistas  leniency deal harmed taxpayers  interests.       Federal prosecutors are working on creating clearer rules for future leniency deals to ensure more equal treatment in investigations into graft at top levels of private business, government and state-run enterprises.  Earlier this week, the federal prosecutors office released 18 new guidelines for reaching the accords, but nothing fresh on the size of fines companies should pay, telling prosecutors to refer to an existing law allowing fines of up to 20 percent of a company s net revenue.    Muscogliati said that if there were concrete guidelines on the fines for leniency deals, it would signal to firms a price tag they would pay if caught in corruption, money they would simply set aside. Instead, prosecutors must focus on making leniency deals with companies making internal changes so that  they halt carrying out (corrupt) action and do not try to do it again.   ",1
21202,U.S. bombers drill over Korean peninsula after latest North Korea launch,"SEOUL/TOKYO (Reuters) - South Korean and Japanese jets joined exercises with two  supersonic U.S. B-1B bombers above and near the Korean peninsula on Thursday, two days after North Korea sharply raised tension by firing a missile over Japan. The drills, involving four U.S. stealth F-35B jets as well as South Korean and Japanese fighter jets, came at the end of annual U.S.-South Korea military exercises focused mainly on computer simulations.  North Korea s actions are a threat to our allies, partners and homeland, and their destabilizing actions will be met accordingly,  said General Terrence J. O Shaughnessy, Pacific Air Forces Commander, who made an unscheduled visit to Japan.  This complex mission clearly demonstrates our solidarity with our allies and underscores the broadening cooperation to defend against this common regional threat.  North Korea has been working to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the United States and has recently threatened to land missiles near the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam. On Monday, North Korea, which sees the exercises as preparations for invasion, raised the stakes in its stand-off with the United States and its allies by firing an intermediate-range missile over Japan. On Thursday, its official news agency, KCNA, denounced the military drills in traditionally robust fashion, calling them  the rash act of those taken aback  by the missile test, which it described as  the first military operation in the Pacific.  President Donald Trump, who has warned that the U.S. military is  locked and loaded  in case of North Korean provocation, reacted angrily to the latest missile test, declaring on Twitter that  talking is not the answer  to resolving the crisis over North Korea s weapons programs. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis was quick on Wednesday to stress that a diplomatic solution remained possible, but on Thursday he told reporters he agreed with Trump that Washington  should not be talking right now to a nation that is firing missiles over the top of Japan, an ally.  White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders reiterated at a regular briefing on Thursday that all options - diplomatic, economic and military - remained on the table. Japanese Defence Minister Itsunori Onodera spoke to Mattis by telephone and agreed to keep putting pressure on North Korea in a  visible  form, Japan s defense ministry said. Japanese Prime Shinzo Abe said he and visiting British Prime Minister Theresa May agreed to urge China, North Korea s lone major ally,  to do more to rein in North Korea. May and Abe also discussed the possibility of adopting a new U.N. Security Council resolution on North Korea, a British government source said. The 15-member U.N. Security Council on Tuesday condemned the firing of the missile over Japan as  outrageous  and demanded that North Korea halt its weapons programs. But the U.S.-drafted statement did not threaten new sanctions. Japan has been urging Washington to propose new Security Council sanctions, which diplomats said could target North Korean laborers working abroad, oil supplies and textile exports. However, diplomats expect resistance from Russia and fellow veto-wielding power China, particularly given that new measures were only announced on Aug. 5 after North Korea tested its first two intercontinental ballistic missiles in July.  A U.S. ban on travel by Americans to North Korea comes into effect on Friday, a step announced after the death of a U.S. student shortly after his release from a 15-year prison sentence in the country, where three other Americans are still detained. China repeated a call on Thursday for restraint by all parties. Defence ministry spokesman Ren Guoqiang told a monthly briefing China would never allow war or chaos on the Korean peninsula, its doorstep, and military means were not an option.  China strongly demands all sides to exercise restraint and remain calm and not do anything to worsen tensions,  Ren said, adding that Chinese forces were maintaining a normal state of alert along the North Korean border. Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said the situation on the peninsula was serious.  The current tense situation on the peninsula isn t a screenplay or a video game,  she told reporters.  It s real, and is an immense and serious issue that directly involves the safety of people from both the north and south of the peninsula, as well as peace and stability of the entire region.  For an interactive on North Korea's missile capabilities, click: here For a graphic on North Korean missile trajectories, ranges, click: here For a graphic on Kim's new act of defiance, click: here ",1
21203,Chilean economic officials resign in blow to center-left coalition,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Chilean President Michelle Bachelet s top economic officials resigned on Thursday after the cancellation of a major mining project, weakening her center-left coalition before November elections. Finance Minister Rodrigo Valdes said in a news conference some members of Bachelet s government had not shared his sense of urgency to spur growth and attract investment to the world s top copper producer.  I wasn t able to make everybody share this conviction,  Valdes said, pointing to the need for discipline and clear rules for the private sector. Valdes, who held his position for two years, had criticized the government s decision to reject a $2.5 billion copper and iron project owned by Andes Iron last week on environmental grounds. So had Economy Minister Luis Felipe Cespedes and Finance Undersecretary Alejandro Micco, who also stepped down. [nL2N1L70ZT] Cespedes, talking with reporters, did not respond when asked why he had quit. Micco s office declined to comment on his reasons for resigning. Dominga, as the project is known, had become a symbol in recent months of the increasing difficulties of doing business in what remains one of Latin America s most open economies and laid bare philosophical differences within the government. Bachelet said Valdes will be replaced by Nicolas Eyzaguirre, an economist in charge of legislative affairs for the president, while Cespedes will be replaced by Jorge Rodriguez, president of Banco del Estado de Chile.  I don t think development is something to be done with your back to the people, where only the numbers matter and not what s happening to families,  said Bachelet. The shakeup was seen by some as a blow to the center-left and its presidential candidate Alejandro Guillier, who is generally supportive of Bachelet, and a boost for conservative frontrunner Sebastian Pinera.  The correct solution is not a change of cabinet, it is a change of government,  Pinera told journalists.     The Chilean peso strengthened over 1 percent after Valdes  resignation as traders bet the shake-up will make a Pinera win more likely and will make it tougher for the current government to push through a social security reform.  The only thing this can do is divide the center-left even more,  said Kenneth Bunker, head of an elections unit at Universidad Central de Chile. Eyzaguirre and Rodriguez, both centrists, served under Ricardo Lagos, a moderate who was president from 2000 to 2006.  Growth has slowed recently in Chile, long an investor darling and Latin America s richest nation. In July S&P downgraded its debt for the first time since the 1990s.  Bachelet has faced criticism that her government is poorly organized and lacks unity. Her approval rating has risen slowly in recent months after a series of legislative wins but remains in the low 30s. ",1
21204,"U.S. retaliates against Russia, orders closure of consulate, annexes","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States has told Russia to close its consulate in San Francisco and buildings in Washington and New York that house trade missions, the State Department said on Thursday, in retaliation for Moscow cutting the U.S. diplomatic presence in Russia. The announcement was the latest in tit-for-tat measures between the two countries that have helped to drive relations to a new post-Cold War low, thwarting hopes on both sides that they might improve after U.S. President Donald Trump took office in January. Last month, Moscow ordered the United States to cut its diplomatic and technical staff in Russia by more than half, to 455 people to match the number of Russian diplomats in the United States, after Congress overwhelmingly approved new sanctions against Russia. The sanctions were imposed in response to Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and to punish Russia further for its 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine.  We believe this action was unwarranted and detrimental to the overall relationship between our countries,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement on Thursday, adding that the United States had completed the reduction.  In the spirit of parity invoked by the Russians,  Nauert said, the United States has required the Russian government to close its San Francisco consulate and two annexes in Washington, D.C. and New York by Sept. 2. The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the decision. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson informed Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov of the closures in a phone call on Thursday, a senior Trump administration official said. The two men plan to meet on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly in September, the official said. Lavrov expressed regret about Washington s decision during the phone call with Tillerson, his ministry said.  Moscow will closely study the new measures announced by the Americans, after which our reaction will be conveyed,  the Russian foreign ministry said in a statement. The latest U.S. move caps eight months of back-and-forth retaliatory measures between the two countries spanning two U.S. administrations. In December, the administration of Barack Obama closed two Russian countryside vacation retreats in Maryland and New York, saying the compounds had been used for intelligence-related purposes. The closures were part of a broader response, including the expulsion of 35 suspected Russian spies, to what U.S. officials have called cyber interference by Moscow in the 2016 elections. The Kremlin has denied the allegations. Trump came into office wanting to improve relations with Russia, a desire that was hamstrung by the election interference allegations. The new sanctions passed by Congress conflicted with Trump s goals, but he grudgingly signed them into law this month. The United States said last week that it would have to sharply scale back visa services in Russia, a move that will hit Russian business travelers, tourists and students. The Russian consulate in San Francisco handles work from seven states in the Western United States. There are three other Russian consulates separate from the embassy in Washington. They are in New York, Seattle and Houston. The consulate in San Francisco is the oldest and most established of Russia s consulates in the United States, the senior Trump administration official told reporters. An official residence at the consulate will also be closed. No Russian diplomats are being expelled, and the diplomats assigned to San Francisco can be re-assigned to other posts in the United States, the official said. The Russians can continue to retain ownership of any of the closed facilities, or sell them, but will not be allowed to carry out diplomatic activities there, the official said.  Even after these closures, Russia will still maintain more diplomatic and consular annexes in the United States than we have in Russia,  the official said.  We ve chosen to allow the Russian government to maintain some of its annexes in an effort to arrest the downward spiral in our relationship.  ",1
21205,Muslim pilgrims in Muzdalifa prepare for haj's final stages,"MUZDALIFA, Saudi Arabia (Reuters) - Two million Muslims gathered at Mount Arafat on Thursday for a vigil to atone for their sins, then descended to Muzdalifa to prepare for the final stages of the annual haj pilgrimage. Pilgrims clad in white robes spent the previous night in an encampment at the hill where Islam holds that God tested Abraham s faith by commanding him to sacrifice his son Ismail and where the Prophet Mohammad gave his last sermon. Other worshippers who had been praying in the nearby Mina area ascended in buses or on foot from before dawn as security forces directed traffic and helicopters hovered overhead. Some of the faithful carved out seats on the craggy hillside, carrying umbrellas to protect themselves from the sun. Others filled nearby roads, with temperatures approaching 40 degrees Celsius (104 Fahrenheit). Men and women from nearly every country in the world gathered side by side, some crying on their neighbor s shoulder. An elderly Syrian pilgrim sitting on the hilltop shouted out,  Oh God, take revenge on the oppressors . Others assembled around him responded,  Amen . Awfa Nejm, from a village near Homs, said:  We ask God to protect Syria and its people and return it to the way it was before.  Twenty-seven-year-old Amin Mohammed from Nigeria said he was praying for peace in his country. Saudi Arabia said more than 2.3 million pilgrims, most of them from outside Saudi Arabia, had arrived for the five-day ritual, a religious duty once in a lifetime for every able-bodied Muslim who can afford the journey. Sheikh Saad al-Shathri, a senior Saudi cleric, delivered a midday sermon denouncing terrorism and violence against civilians.  Sharia came to preserve the security of nations and cultivate benevolence in (people s) hearts,  he said, referring to the Islamic legal and moral code derived from the teachings of the Koran and the traditions of the Prophet. He urged pilgrims to set aside politics during the haj and come together with fellow Muslims.  This is no place for partisan slogans or sectarian movements which have resulted in great massacres and the displacement of millions,  he said. Still, violence in the Middle East, including wars in Syria, Iraq, Yemen and Libya, and other global hotspots are sure to be on the minds of many pilgrims. As the sun set, they began moving to the rocky plain of Muzdalifa to gather pebbles to throw at stone columns symbolizing the devil at another location called Jamarat on Friday, which marks the first day of Eid al-Adha (feast of sacrifice). A crush in 2015 which killed hundreds occurred when two large groups of pilgrims arrived together at a crossroads in Mina, a few kilometers east of Mecca, on their way to Jamarat. It was the worst disaster to strike haj for at least 25 years. Saudi Arabia stakes its reputation on its guardianship of Islam s holiest sites - Mecca and Medina - and organizing the pilgrimage. King Salman visited Mina to review the services offered to pilgrims, state media showed. Officials say they have taken all necessary precautions this year, with more than 100,000 members of the security forces and 30,000 health workers on hand to maintain safety and provide first aid. Saudi state television on Thursday morning showed a new kiswa, the cloth embroidered with verses from the Koran, being placed over the Kaaba in Mecca s Grand Mosque. Pilgrims will return to pray there at the end of haj. Abdelhadi Abu Gharib, a young Egyptian pilgrim, prayed in Muzdalifa before collecting stones for Friday s ritual.  The scene today in Arafat confirms that Muslims are not terrorists and that Islam is the greatest religion,  he said.  God has blessed us with Islam.  For a graphic on the haj journey, click: here For a graphic on the haj stampedes, click: here ",1
21206,French foreign minister to travel to Libya to push peace deal,"PARIS (Reuters) - France s foreign minister said on Thursday he would head to Libya  very soon  to push warring parties to support a peace roadmap tentatively agreed in Paris in July.  Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Serraj and the divided country s eastern commander Khalifa Haftar verbally committed last month to a conditional ceasefire and to work toward holding elections next spring.  I will be traveling to Libya very soon to ensure the follow-up of this meeting and to get the support of all sides to the declaration that was adopted then,  Jean-Yves Le Drian said in a speech to French ambassadors. France, which took a leading role in the NATO air campaign that helped rebels topple Muammar Gaddafi, has sought to play a greater role in Libya, believing diplomatic efforts were stalling and that under President Emmanuel Macron it could fill that void. Officials fear jihadist groups could try to exploit the power vacuum in Libya to regroup after losing substantial ground in Syria and Iraq, and see a resolution to the conflict as vital to ending Europe s migrant crisis.  In Libya, France along with others has a specific responsibility to help this country find unity and stability,  Le Drian said. Past attempts at peace deals in oil-producing Libya have often been scuttled by internal divisions among the myriad of competing armed groups that have emerged since rebels toppled  Gaddafi in 2011.  Diplomats declined to say specifically when Le Drian was traveling due to security reasons.   The French initiative has angered officials in Italy, which has previously taken the lead in efforts to bring peace to its former North African colony and borne the brunt of successive waves of African migrants who have crossed the Mediterranean from Libya. ",1
21207,"India PM plans cabinet revamp, some ministers offer to quit: sources","NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi plans to reshuffle his cabinet over the next two days and some mid-level ministers have offered to quit to pave the way for changes, sources in the party and aides to the ministers said. A revamp of the cabinet has been on the cards for months because some ministers are holding multiple portfolios which is seen as a drag on efficiency. Modi is also seeking to improve governance before he seeks re-election in 2019.     With economic growth slowing to its slowest pace in three years, Modi is coming under pressure to deliver the promises he made in 2014.     There was no official announcement of the cabinet revamp but  sources Reuters spoke to said if it took place it would have to be done before Modi leaves on a foreign tour on Sunday.     The death of Environment Minister Anil Madhav Dave and the election of Minister for Urban Development M. Venkaiah Naidu as vice-president opened vacancies, giving Modi an opportunity to bring in members from regional political parties.     According to four party sources, Sanjeev Balyan, minister of state for water resources, Rajiv Pratap Rudy, minister of state for skill development and entrepreneurship, Kalraj Mishra, minister of micro, small and medium enterprises, and Mahendra Nath Pandey minister of state for human resource development have all offered to resign.       ",1
21208,German legal experts say Poland has no right to WW2 reparations: report,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German parliamentary legal experts, reacting to calls by some Polish politicians, have ruled that Warsaw has no right to demand Berlin pay reparations for World War Two, according to a document obtained by a German newspaper. The experts found any claims related to German crimes had become unfeasible at latest in 1990 when a treaty was signed by East and West Germany, France, the Soviet Union, the United Kingdom, and the United States ahead of German reunification, according to Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung (FAZ). The experts, who provide independent advice to the German parliament, said EU partner Poland  had, during the treaty negotiations, at least implicitly waived their right to assert them , FAZ cited the report as saying. They said it was agreed back then that this treaty  blocks any reparation demands against Germany to the present day , FAZ reported. In recent weeks, Polish politicians and officials have stepped up calls for compensation, but the government has yet to officially demand any reparations.  Johannes Singhammer, the vice-president of the Bundestag lower house and a member of the Christian Social Union (CSU) - the Bavarian sister party to Chancellor Angela Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU), had commissioned the report. He told FAZ:  The Polish demand for reparations, which does not stand a chance from a legal point of view, is contrary to the joint future project between Germany and Poland and could instead have dangerous effects.  On Thursday, Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydlo said that by seeking reparations, Poland would be asking for justice.  We are the victims of World War Two, the damages have not been repaid in any way, quite to the contrary,  Szydlo said.  Several Polish government sources told Reuters that it is unlikely Poland will officially ask for repayments, but it also could not be completely ruled out.  ",1
21209,Car bomb kills four Libyan troops at checkpoint: security sources,"BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - A car bomb at a checkpoint killed four troops from Libyan commander Khalifa Haftar s forces on Thursday, in an attack claimed by Islamic State, officials and security sources said. Haftar s Libyan National Army is one of the most powerful armed brigades in Libya, where rival factions and their military backers have competed for control since the fall of former leader Muammar Gaddafi in a 2011 uprising.  The car bomb explosion that targeted a checkpoint in Nawfiliya town has resulted in two killed of Sirte Security Directorate and some other wounded,  LNA spokesman Ahmad Mesmari told Reuters. Two security sources later said two more soldiers had died. Islamic State claimed the attack, according to the militant group s AMAQ news agency.  Haftar s forces have been fighting against Islamist militants and other foes in eastern Benghazi and are besieging the city of Derna to try to oust militants there. Thursday attack in Nawfiliya was 80 km (50 miles) from Ras Lanuf, part of Libya s  Oil Crescent  and one the OPEC country s major oil exporting terminals.  Libyan officials are concerned Islamic State may try to regroup there after defeat in nearby Sirte city last year. ",1
21210,Nigeria asks Britain for gear to fight Islamists: Johnson,"LAGOS (Reuters) - Britain is considering a request to sell military equipment to Nigeria to help it fight Boko Haram Islamist militants, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Thursday. British soldiers were already training Nigerian 28,000 troops confronting the militants in the northeast, Johnson told Reuters in the commercial capital Lagos.  They have put out a request for more help with materiel - equipment of one kind and another. We are going to look at that,  he said.   We will look at that very seriously on counter-IED provision, on a request for more help with attack helicopters, for instance. Let s have a look at what we can do,  he added, without going into further detail. Boko Haram militants have killed more than 20,000 people, forced around 2 million to flee and attacked Nigeria s neighbors in a campaign to carve out an Islamist caliphate.  Britain s Foreign Office was unable immediately to provide details of military sales to Nigeria in the last few years.  The Pentagon notified the U.S. Congress this month of the sale to Nigeria of 12 Super Tucano A-29 planes and weapons worth $593 million, to help it fight Boko Haram, . [nL2N1LE1A7] Johnson traveled to Maiduguri, the northeast Nigerian city at the heart of the insurgency, on Wednesday and met Nigeria s Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo, in the capital, Abuja, earlier on Thursday. ",1
21211,German Social Democrats say election race still open despite weak polls,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) on Thursday insisted they were still in with a chance of ousting Chancellor Angela Merkel in a Sept. 24 election after media reports said a senior party member seemed to have given up hope. The SPD, which surged in the polls early this year after nominating former European Parliament President Martin Schulz as its election candidate, was on 23 percent in the latest opinion poll - far behind Merkel s conservatives on 37 percent. Some German media reported that foreign minister and former SPD leader Sigmar Gabriel no longer believed his party could win the election after he told German magazine Der Spiegel on Wednesday:  A grand coalition doesn t make sense because that would mean the SPD could not come up with the chancellor.  The SPD is currently the junior partner in a  grand coalition  - generally a last resort alliance - with Merkel s conservatives. Gabriel contradicted those media that suggested he thought there was no prospect of an SPD victory, saying in a statement released on Thursday:  Whoever says anything like that is talking nonsense.  He said the race between Merkel and her SPD challenger remained  completely open  and pointed to a survey by pollster Allensbach last week that showed almost 50 percent of voters had yet to decide who they would choose. Schulz told Germany s RND network of newspapers:  Sigmar Gabriel said he doesn t want to continue the grand coalition. I don t want that either. Where s the drama?  Schulz said his aim was still to become chancellor of Germany with the SPD as the strongest party, adding that he would use a television debate between him and Merkel on Sunday to highlight the differences between their parties. ",1
21212,Huge WW2 bomb to be defused close to German gold reserves,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Frankfurt s city center, an area including police headquarters, two hospitals, transport systems and Germany s central bank storing $70 billion in gold reserves will be evacuated on Sunday to allow the defusing of a 1.8 ton World War Two bomb. A spokesman for the German Bundesbank said, however,  the usual security arrangements  would remain in place while experts worked to disarm the bomb, dropped by the British air force and uncovered during excavation of a building site. The Bundesbank headquarters, less than 600 meters from the location of the bomb, stores 1,710 tonnes of gold underground, around half the country s reserves.  We have never defused a bomb of this size,  bomb disposal expert Rene Bennert told Reuters, adding that it had been damaged on impact when it was dropped between 1943 and 1945.  Airspace for 1.5 kilometers around the bomb site will also be closed. Frankfurt city officials said more than 60,000 residents would be evacuated for at least 12 hours. The evacuation area would also include 20 retirement homes, the Opera house and the diplomatic quarter. Bomb disposal experts will make use of a  Rocket Wrench  to try and unscrew the fuses attached to the HC 4,000 bomb. If that fails, a water jet will be used to cut the fuses away from the bomb, Bennert told Reuters. The most dangerous part of the exercise will be applying the wrench, Bennert said.  Roads and transport systems, including the underground, will be closed during the work and for at least two hours after the bomb is defused, to allow patients to be transported back to hospitals without traffic.  It is not unusual for unexploded bombs from World War Two air raids to be found in German cities, but rarely are they so large and in such a sensitive position.  ",1
21213,"South Sudan's sacked army chief 'confined' to Juba home, minister says","JUBA (Reuters) - South Sudan s former army chief is being confined to his home for security reasons, the country s defense minister said on Thursday. Paul Malong was sacked in May by President Salva Kiir amid resignations by senior generals alleging military abuses and tribal bias as the country s ethnically charged civil war ground on.  He was not arrested, but he [is] confined. There are no charges against him,  Defence Minister Kuol Manyang Juuk told Reuters in an interview.  The oil-rich nation gained independence from neighboring Sudan in 2011. The world s youngest nation plunged into civil war in 2013 when Kiir, an ethnic Dinka, fired his deputy, Riek Machar, a member of the rival Nuer community.  A peace deal between the two sides signed in 2015 collapsed last year amid fighting in the capital. Machar is now in exile in South Africa. Malong, a former elected civilian governor, is a member of the Dinka ethnic group. He was not immediately available for comment. The former army chief had left Juba, the capital, in a convoy of vehicles hours after he was removed from his post, sparking fears he might join a revolt. The defense minister said Malong  was persuaded to come back  to Juba and is  now back in his house.   He said government doctors will be provided in the event Malong needs medical care, and that he must see those doctors  before he decides to go anywhere outside the country.  The minister also said the president had granted amnesty to Thomas Cirillo Swaka, the most senior officer to defect from the military in the last year. Cirillo, who now lives in Ethiopia, says his aim is to overthrow Kiir and accuses him of running a tribalist army and government.  W hope he will respond to the amnesty by the president,   Juuk said.  If he wants, he can come and form his own political party and then we can develop our democratic system.  East African leaders said in June they would push South Sudan s warring sides to revive collapsed peace efforts and delay scheduled elections but did not set a date for that new process.  In July, donors from the European Union, the United States, Britain and Norway said they would offer no further support to implementation of the peace deal until regional leaders find a credible way of re-launching the peace process. ",1
21214,U.N. calls on Iran to resolve prisoner hunger strike,"GENEVA (Reuters) - A U.N. human rights investigator called on Iran on Thursday to resolve a prolonged hunger strike by prisoners protesting against their conditions of detention and abrupt transfer to a high-security section. U.N. special rapporteur Asma Jahangir voiced concern about 53 prisoners, including 15 followers of the Baha i faith, who have been transferred to a high-security section of Rajai-Shahr prison in Karaj, west of Tehran, over the past few weeks. The Bahai faith was founded in Iran in the 19th century and activists say more than 300,000 adherents live in Iran today. Iran s Shi ite government considers the faith a heretical offshoot of Islam.  I am deeply alarmed by reports about the deteriorating medical conditions of the prisoners on hunger strike, and that their torture and ill-treatment have continued since their transfer,  Jahangir said in a statement. At least 18 of the 53 were known to be on the hunger strike, her office said. Iranian Foreign ministry declined to comment. Exiled Bahai leaders say hundreds of followers have been jailed and executed since the 1979 Islamic revolution. The Iranian government denies it has detained or executed people for their religion. Jahangir said the prisoners were not allowed to take their belongings, including medicines, amid reports that they have also been deprived of adequate clothing, medical care and food.   Depriving prisoners of having family contact, lawyers and adequate medical care is contrary to international law,  she added.  I urge the government of Iran to look for a prompt solution to the extreme situation created by the hunger strike through good faith dialogue about the grievances and underlying human rights violations, ensuring full respect for their dignity and autonomy,  Jahangir said. The Baha i International Community, in a statement on Aug. 16, denounced the transfer as a  harsh move .  Not only are these Baha is unjustly imprisoned because of their beliefs, they are now also subjected to added pressures and ill treatment without any justification but also in contradiction with Iran s own laws,  said Diane Ala i, the group s representative to the United Nations in Geneva. About 95 Baha is are imprisoned in Iran, all of whom it said had been  arrested solely because of their religious beliefs . ",1
21215,North Korea sentences South Korean reporters to death over review of book about country,"SEOUL (Reuters) - A North Korean court sentenced two South Korean journalists and their publishers to death for  seriously insulting the dignity  of the country by reviewing and interviewing the British authors of a book about life in the North, its state media said on Thursday. North Korea has previously issued harshly worded accusations against South Korean entities and individuals for allegedly violating its dignity, by slandering its leadership and its political system. The book in English titled  North Korea Confidential  was authored by James Pearson, a Seoul-based correspondent for Reuters, and Daniel Tudor, former correspondent in South Korea for the Economist magazine. The book, based on interviews with North Korean defectors, diplomats and traders, depicts a growing market economy where ordinary North Koreans enjoy access to South Korea music and TV dramas, fashion and smuggled Chinese and American films. Pearson wrote the book, published in 2015, before joining Reuters. The Korean-language edition, published earlier this month with the title translated as  Capitalist Republic of Korea , was reviewed by South Korea s Dong-A Ilbo and Chosun Ilbo newspapers. A spokesman for the North s Central Court said in a statement carried by the country s official KCNA news agency that the book  viciously slandered the reality of the DPRK , the initials for North Korea s official name of the Democratic People s Republic of Korea. The book painted life in the country as increasingly capitalistic where money can buy power and influence, the spokesman said. The South Korean journalists who reviewed the book  committed a hideous crime of seriously insulting the dignity of the DPRK with the use of dishonest contents  carried by  North Korea Confidential , the court spokesman said. The Central Court has ordered the execution of the journalists, Son Hyo-rim of the Dong-A Ilbo and Yang Ji-ho of the Chosun Ilbo, and the publishers of the newspapers. It also demanded the South Korean government investigate their crimes and punish them, the state media said. The court statement did not make any mention of punishment for the book s authors. A Dong-A Ilbo representative said the newspaper declined to comment and its reporter Son did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Chosun Ilbo reporter Yang declined to comment while a newspaper representative could not be immediately reached for comment. Tudor, the co-author of the book, declined to comment. A Reuters spokeswoman declined to comment.  Dong-A Ilbo, Chosun Ilbo and other conservative media in South Korea have so far committed smear campaign against the DPRK nonstop,  KCNA quoted the court as saying.  The criminals hold no right to appeal and the execution will be carried out any moment and at any place without going through any additional procedures.  ",1
21216,"Holocaust survivor celebrates bar mitzvah in Israel, 80 years later","HAIFA, Israel (Reuters) - Eighty years after he missed the Jewish coming-of-age ceremony, 93-year-old Holocaust survivor Shalom Shtamberg celebrated his bar mitzvah on Thursday with his family and friends in the northern Israeli city of Haifa. Shtamberg was born in Warsaw, Poland, and should have celebrated his bar mitzvah when he turned 13, but instead he was taken to a Warsaw Ghetto with his family. He survived - unlike most of his family - by training as an electrician and acquiring skills that made him valued as a good worker. On Thursday, Shtamberg was picked up from his home by trainee police officers, who drove him to a synagogue in Haifa where he was welcomed by cheering crowds and flower bouquets. He was given a prayer shawl and read from the Torah scroll before breaking into dance with guests, including his wife.  I haven t fulfilled my mission yet because I still have things to do,  Shtamberg told Reuters. One of those things is to detail in lectures the horrors of the Nazi camps he survived, unlike his parents and five brothers who were killed. Recalling his time in the Ghetto, he said:  In the beginning I did not speak, I said and told nothing because I stayed a child, aged 13, 14, and (living in) Warsaw Ghetto was extremely difficult, every day.  ",1
21217,"Rohingya women, children die in desperate boat escape from Myanmar","SHAH PORIR DWIP ISLAND, Bangladesh (Reuters) - On a remote beach looking out onto the Bay of Bengal, a baby boy lies swaddled in cloth, his face smeared with wet sand. The bodies of nine more children and eight women lie alongside. Another woman and a child have already been buried. The group, all Rohingya Muslims from Myanmar, were found washed up on the shore on Thursday by villagers from Shah Porir Dwip island in Bangladesh, a short distance from the mouth of the Naf river that separates the two countries. They died after two rickety boats capsized as they fled a Myanmar army counteroffensive that followed Rohingya insurgent attacks on security forces last week. Nearly 30,000 more Rohingyas have made the perilous crossing by boat or on foot into Bangladesh, while 20,000 more are stuck in no man s land at the border.  We left after the army came early yesterday. They burned houses and shot many people. We ran away so they couldn t find us,  said Samira, 19, a survivor from one of the boats, as the monsoon wind and rain blew off the sea to soak her bright orange hijab.  I have no words. I don t know what we ll do.  Samira and others fled violence unleashed after Rohingya insurgents wielding sticks, knives and crude bombs attacked police posts and an army base on Friday, leading to clashes that have killed at least 117 people. Journalists and other outside observers have been unable to independently travel to the northwest of Myanmar s Rakhine state since an earlier outbreak of violence last year, although some aid programs had quietly been resumed. Myanmar says its army is conducting clearance operations against  extremist terrorists  and that security forces have been told to protect civilians, but Rohingya arriving in Bangladesh say a campaign is under way to force them out. The bodies washed up on Thursday were hardly the first Rohingya to perish trying to escape by boat from Myanmar. Many died trying to cross the Naf after smaller-scale insurgent attacks last October provoked a harsh military response. Over the years, tens of thousands have attempted to flee across the Bay of Bengal and Andaman Sea to Thailand and Malaysia. A crackdown on people smuggling networks in Thailand in 2015 saw many Rohingya abandoned at sea by traffickers. The disruption to the smuggling networks also cut off a major escape route for the Muslim minority, which is denied citizenship and endures apartheid-like conditions in Buddhist-majority Myanmar. Samira s group hailed from a village to the south of the major regional town of Maungdaw in Rakhine. A Reuters reporter who traveled with government minders to the area on Wednesday saw many villages on fire. The two boats set off for the Bangladesh coast around 7 p.m. on Wednesday. The Naf here is about 3 km (1.9 miles) wide. After the group arrived on the Bangladeshi side, someone shouted that the police were near, Samira said. They went back out to sea - and a large wave tipped the boats over. Out of the 22 members of Samira s extended family six died.  My brother can swim so he managed to save some of us,  she said. In total, 14 people survived, but  young children and those women couldn t swim and they couldn t be saved,  she said, looking over the bodies lined up on the beach. The island - which used to be reachable by a bitumen road on a causeway - is about an hour by boat from Bangladesh s Teknaf peninsula. The road has been washed away by the Bay of Bengal s tides and strong winds. As the number of Rohingya refugees is expected to swell, humanitarian workers worry such boat accidents may become more frequent. Hundreds fleeing on boats were being pushed back by Bangladeshi border guards, according to authorities. The United Nations is pressuring Dhaka to let those fleeing Myanmar seek shelter on its territory, but Bangladesh - one of the poorest countries in Asia - has said it cannot cope with any more refugees and will not allow people to cross the border. Another boat in the area sank on Wednesday, killing two women and two children, after Myanmar border guards fired on it, Bangladesh Border Guard Lt. Col. Ariful Islam told Reuters.  One person survived by floating on a jerry can. Jahid Hussein Saddique, a local administrator, confirmed the Thursday accident took place and said that a broker has been sentenced to six months in jail by a mobile court for human trafficking.  They didn t know how to swim, so they died,  Saddique said. We don t know the actual cause of death.  ",1
21218,Russia says regrets over U.S. moves on consulate closure,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov expressed regret during a phone call with his U.S. counterpart Rex Tillerson about Washington s move to close down Moscow s San Francisco consulate and two other annexes, his ministry said.   Moscow will closely study the new measures announced by the Americans, after which our reaction will be conveyed,  Russian foreign ministry said in a statement. ",1
21219,'Strong' Franco-British defense relationship won't be hit by Brexit: Fallon says,"PARIS (Reuters) - Britain s exit from the European Union will not have an impact its defense ties with France despite concerns they could be harmed by tough divorce talks, Defence Minister Michael Fallon said.  In an interview with Reuters, Fallon sought to stress the close relationship between Europe s two largest military powers, who agreed in Paris on Thursday to hold joint exercises in September and November in eastern Europe and Kenya.   I know French and British companies are concerned that we should not lose any cooperation after Brexit because we are working together on combat aircraft programs and new missiles systems that we need to progress on together,  Fallon said. Shrinking budgets, a less indulgent United States and Europe s diminishing military clout in the world have in recent years bolstered the two countries  determination to work together. But in July, Paris and Berlin unexpectedly announced plans for a joint fighter jet, catching many in Britain off guard. Asked whether this and other Europe-wide efforts for closer defense integration could hamper the ties, Fallon said he was confident that the two traditional allies would continue as usual.   This is a strong relationship and it is not going to be diverted by Brexit,  he said. Britain s exit negotiations with the European Union this week failed to make the kind of progress needed to open talks on their future relationship in October, the bloc s chief negotiator Michel Barnier said earlier on Thursday. Fallon said there was bound to be  the odd stumble  as both sides jostled for position, but that it was in the interests of Britain and EU to end the uncertainty as quickly as possible.  Everyone knows that in the end there has to be a settlement,  he said. Both permanent veto-wielding members of the United Nations Security Council, Britain and France are engaged in air strikes on Islamic State in Syria and Iraq, and Fallon said he believed the militant group would soon be defeated in its Syrian bastion of Raqqa.   The battle to liberate Mosul took nine months and we re seeing some of the heaviest urban fighting we ve seen since the Second World War,  he said.  We won t set a timetable ... but I hope it won t be too long before Daesh is driven out of Raqqa,  he said referring to an Arabic acronym for the hardline Islamist group. Fallon also said a military victory should not be achieved to the detriment of stabilizing the city and restoring civilian rule once Raqqa was taken.   One thing we learnt from Iraq is that we mustn t let the military campaign get too far ahead of the political process,  he said.  Islamic State is on back foot in Syria and Iraq and losing territory. We have every prospect of Raqqa being liberated, but after that we have to work for proper governance to make sure Sunni populations have a stake in the future,  he said.   ",1
21220,Arsonists attack building used by controversial Russian director,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Attackers set fire to a building used by a Russian director whose film about the last czar s romance with a ballerina has been condemned by religious conservatives, Russian news agencies reported on Thursday. A Molotov cocktail was thrown in through a window, igniting a fire in a building in the city of St Petersburg that houses, among other organizations, the studio of director Alexei Uchitel, the news agencies reported. The fire caused minor damage to a part of the building occupied by a different film studio, Lendok. Uchitel s forthcoming film, called Matilda, is about a reputed love affair between Tsar Nicholas II, before his coronation, and ballerina Mathilde Kschessinska.  Some conservatives have called for the film to be banned, saying it besmirches the reputation of the late czar. The Russian Orthodox Church has designated him a saint. He and his family were executed soon after the 1917 Bolshevik Revolution.   I cannot think of any motivation (for the attack) other than it being a reaction to Alexei Uchitel making the film  Mathilda ,  TASS news agency quoted Lendok director Alexei Telnov as saying. The attack resulted in broken windows and a burned window sill in a part of Lendok s premises used for movie viewings, concerts and conferences.  It was a miracle there was not a big fire,  the agency quoted Telnov as saying. A spokesman for the St Petersburg police told Reuters officers were making checks after fire and smoke were spotted at the studio s address. An assistant to Telnov said he was busy making a film so could not comment. Uchitel s representatives could not be reached for comment. Uchitel s  movie is to be released in October. Natalia Poklonskaya, a member of the Russian parliament, has said she asked prosecutors to have the film s release stopped, saying it would  insult the religious feeling of believers.   ",1
21221,"After North Korea missile, Britain and Japan agree closer security ties","TOKYO (Reuters) - Britain and Japan said on Thursday they would cooperate in countering the threat posed by North Korea, two days after it fired a missile over northern Japan, and will call on China to exert its leverage. Prime Minister Theresa May, looking to strengthen relations with one of her closest allies ahead of Brexit, is visiting Japan as it responds to an increasing military threat. Terming North Korea s missile program  a global threat , Prime Minister Shinzo Abe told a news conference that Japan and Britain would cooperate.  It is very meaningful that Prime Minister May and I agreed to further strengthen pressure on North Korea and to call on China to play a larger role,  he added. May agreed, noting that China, North Korea s lone major ally, had been involved in U.N. Security Council debate earlier this week.   China does have a particular position in this, they have leverage on North Korea and I believe we should be encouraging China to exercise that leverage to do what we all want - which is to ensure that North Korea is not conducting these illegal acts.  May toured Japan s flagship Izumo helicopter carrier for a military briefing with Minister of Defence Itsunori Onodera before attending a national security meeting. May and Abe agreed on a joint declaration on security cooperation, including plans for British soldiers to take part in military exercises on Japanese soil and for collaboration to address the threat of cyber and militant attacks when Japan hosts the Olympics in 2020.  North Korea featured heavily in the talks after it launched a ballistic missile on Tuesday that passed over Japanese territory, prompting international condemnation.  May s office had said the two leaders were expected to discuss the possibility of further sanctions on North Korea, but neither Abe nor May touched on the issue at the news conference. The Global Times, a publication of the official People s Daily of China s ruling Communist Party, criticized an earlier comment of May s comment calling for more pressure from China.  Beijing does not need London to teach it how to deal with North Korea,  the newspaper said. Asked about the United States, Japan and Britain looking to impose new sanctions on North Korea, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said the situation could only be resolved peacefully through dialogue.  We think it is regrettable that some countries selectively overlook the relevant Security Council resolutions  demand to advance dialogue, and stubbornly emphasize pressure and sanctions,  she told a daily news briefing.  OUTWARD-LOOKING  Apart from security, May s trip has focused on trade and investment. She is keen to convince nervy investors that Britain s exit from the European Union will not make it a less attractive business partner. Both May and Abe addressed a delegation of British business leaders and senior representatives from major Japanese investors in Britain, such as carmakers Nissan, Toyota and conglomerate Hitachi. Abe told the gathering that May had assured him Britain s negotiations on leaving the European Union would be transparent. May said Japanese investment after Britain s vote to leave the EU was a vote of confidence and she pledged to build close trade ties with Japan.  I very much welcome the commitment from Japanese companies such as Nissan, Toyota, Softbank and Hitachi,  May said.  I am determined that we will seize the opportunity to become an ever more outward-looking global Britain, deepening our trade relations with old friends and new allies.   During a two-hour train ride between Kyoto and Tokyo late on Wednesday, the two leaders discussed Brexit, with May talking Abe through the details of a series of papers published in recent weeks setting out her negotiating position. May said on Wednesday Japan s upcoming trade deal with the EU could offer a template for a future Japan-Britain trade agreement, the latest attempt to show investors that Brexit will not lead to an overnight change in business conditions. Japan has been unusually open about its concerns over Brexit, worrying that 40 billion pounds ($51.68 billion) of Japanese investment in the British economy could suffer if trading conditions change abruptly when Britain leaves the bloc. ",1
21222,France unveils labor reforms in first step to re-shaping economy,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron s government announced reforms to loosen labor regulations and drive down unemployment, drawing criticism from unions but limited support for the street protests that have hindered previous reform bids.  After weeks of negotiations with unions over the summer, the centrist government revealed measures including a cap on payouts for dismissals adjudged unfair and greater freedom to hire and fire. The plan would also give companies more flexibility to adapt pay and working hours to market conditions. The labor code reform is the first big test of Macron s drive to re-shape the euro zone s second biggest economy with its near double-digit jobless rate, double that in Britain and markedly higher than Germany. He also seeks a  grand bargain  with Germany over broader reforms of the euro zone. For decades, governments of the left and right have tried to reform France s strict labor rules, but have always diluted them in the face of street protests. The reform makes no direct reference to France s 35-hour week but gives employers more flexibility to negotiate deals with employees to work around it. Labour Minister Muriel Penicaud described the five decrees laying out the reforms as  a transformation of labor rules on an unprecedented scale . Prime Minister Edouard Philippe said they were necessary to fight France s stubbornly high unemployment.   The truth is that for bosses, especially of small companies, and foreign investors, the existing labor law is seen as a brake on hiring and investment,  Philippe said. Trade unions were less upbeat at what they perceived as the loss of long-cherished workers  rights.  All of our fears have been confirmed,  said Philippe Martinez, head of the hard-left CGT union, after the government presented the decrees to unions and employers. He said the union would press ahead with its plan for a protest on Sept. 12. But Macron s assiduous courting of the unions over the summer appeared to have born fruit. France s biggest union, the reformist CFDT, said it was disappointed with what amounted to a missed opportunity to improve labor relations. But both the CFDT and the smaller Force Ouvriere, one of the spearheads of last year s anti-reform protests, said they would not be joining the CGT s protest.   This reform does not rise to the occasion , CFDT leader Laurent Berger told reporters, but he added:  Taking to the streets is not the only mode of action for unions.  It sets a cap on compensation for a dismissal judged in a labor court to be unfair. This will be set at three months of wages for two years in the company with the amount rising progressively depending on how long a worker was with the firm. In a concession to unions, normal severance pay would be increased from 20 percent of one month s wage for each year in a company to 25 percent. Economists drew parallels with Germany and Spain.  This very much resembles the labor reform carried out in Germany in 2004-2005,  said Florian Hense, European economist at Berenberg Bank.  This could very well propel France to a golden decade like Germany had.   Dutch bank ING said:  The ceiling on dismissal compensation is a milestone in labor flexibility and a real positive for permanent contract creation. In Spain, a similar reform kick-started an unprecedented labor market recovery.   Pierre Gattaz, the head of the MEDEF employers federation, described the reforms as an important first step which would boost confidence within companies. The CPME, a small business lobby, was even more positive.  At last!,  it said in a statement.  After months of negotiations, we got results. The reform we had been waiting for so long is there.  The labor reforms comes as the 39-year-old president suffers a steep drop in popularity ratings. Early policy announcements including an overhaul of the wealth tax and cuts to housing assistance have left a swathe of voters feeling his policies favor the rich, pollsters say. The government plans to start talks on overhauling unemployment benefits in October before tackling pension reform next year.  Parliament, where Macron s Republic on the Move party has a commanding majority, has already voted to allow the government to issue the decrees without a vote in the assembly. The government plans to adopt the decrees on Sept. 22.    ",1
21223,Somalia hands over ONLF rebel leader to Ethiopia: group,"ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - Somali authorities have handed over to Ethiopia a senior official of the ONLF rebel group, which is fighting for the secession of Ogaden from Ethiopia, the group said. Abdikarin Sheikh Muse, an executive committee member who lived in the Somali capital Mogadishu, was detained by security in Galkayo in Somalia s semi-autonomous Galmudug state on August 23, the ONLF said in a statement. Quoting sources close to the Somali cabinet, it said the Somali government had  forcefully  handed over Abdikarin Sheikh Muse to Ethiopia without his consent in violation of U.N. convention relating to the status of refugees. Ethiopian officials were not available for comment.  The Ogaden National Liberation Front (ONLF) launched its bid for secession of the Somali Region, also known as Ogaden, in eastern Ethiopia in 1984. In 2007, Ethiopian forces waged a large-scale offensive against them after the group attacked a Chinese-run oil facility, killing 74 people. Analysts say the rebels have since been severely weakened but are still able to launch hit-and-run attacks. The region they operate may contain 4 trillion cubic feet of gas and major oil deposits, mining experts say. China s GCL-Poly Petroleum Investments signed a production sharing deal with the government in late 2013 to develop two gas fields. ",1
21224,"U.S. pressure or not, U.N. nuclear watchdog sees no need to check Iran military sites","VIENNA (Reuters) - The United States is pushing U.N. nuclear inspectors to check  military sites in Iran to verify it is not breaching its nuclear deal with world powers. But for this to happen, inspectors must believe such checks are necessary and so far they do not, officials say. Last week, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley visited the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), which is scrutinizing compliance with the 2015 agreement, as part of a review of the pact by the administration of President Donald Trump. He has called it  the worst deal ever negotiated . After her talks with officials of the U.N. nuclear watchdog, Haley said:  There are... numerous undeclared sites that have not been inspected. That is a problem.  Iran dismissed her demands as  merely a dream . The IAEA has the authority to request access to facilities in Iran, including military ones, if there are new and credible indications of banned nuclear activities there, according to officials from the agency and signatories to the deal. But they said Washington has not provided such indications to back up its pressure on the IAEA to make such a request.  We re not going to visit a military site like Parchin just to send a political signal,  an IAEA official said, mentioning a military site often cited by opponents of the deal including Iran s arch-adversary Israel and many U.S. Republicans. The deal was struck under Trump s Democratic predecessor Barack Obama. IAEA Director-General Yukiya Amano frequently describes his Vienna-based agency as a technical rather than a political one, underscoring the need for its work to be based on facts alone. The accord restricts Iran s atomic activities with a view to keeping the Islamic Republic a year s work away from having enough enriched uranium or plutonium for a nuclear bomb, should it pull out of the accord and sprint towards making a weapon.  The deal also allows the IAEA to request access to facilities other than the nuclear installations Iran has already declared if it has concerns about banned materials or activities there. But it must present a basis for those concerns.  Those terms are widely understood by officials from the IAEA and member states to mean there must be credible information that arouses suspicion, and IAEA officials have made clear they will not take it at face value.   We have to be able to vet this information,  a second IAEA official said, asking not to be identified because inspections are sensitive and the agency rarely discusses them publicly. Despite Haley s public comments, she neither asked the IAEA to visit specific sites nor offered new intelligence on any site, officials who attended her meetings said. A U.S. State Department spokesman confirmed this.  She conveyed that the IAEA will need to continue to robustly exercise its authorities to verify Iran s declaration and monitor the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action,  the spokesman added, using the deal s official name. Under U.S. law, the State Department must notify Congress every 90 days of Iran s compliance with the deal. The next deadline is October. Trump has said he thinks by then Washington will declare Iran to be non-compliant - a stance at odds with that of other five world powers including U.S. allies in Europe. An IAEA report published in 2015 as part of the deal formally drew a line under whether Iran pursued nuclear weapons in the past, which is why new information is needed to trigger a request for access.  The IAEA has not visited an Iranian military facility since the agreement was implemented because it has had  no reason to ask  for access, the second agency official said.  The deal s  Access  section lays out a process that begins with an IAEA request and, if the U.N. watchdog s concerns are not resolved, can lead to a vote by the eight members of the deal s decision-making body - the United States, Iran, Russia, China, France, Britain, Germany and the European Union.  Five votes are needed for a majority, which could comprise the United States and its Western allies. Such a majority decision  would advise on the necessary means to resolve the IAEA s concerns  and Iran  would implement the necessary means , the deal s Access section says. That process and wording have yet to be put to the test. Iran has reiterated commitment to the terms of the deal despite Trump s stance, but has also said its military sites are off limits, raising the risk of a stand-off if a request for access were put to a vote. That adds to the pressure to be clear on the grounds for an initial request.  If they want to bring down the deal, they will,  the first IAEA official said, referring to the Trump administration.  We just don t want to give them an excuse to.  During its decade-long impasse with world powers over its nuclear program, Iran repeatedly refused IAEA visits to military sites, saying they had nothing to do with nuclear activity and so were beyond the IAEA s purview. Shortly after the 2015 deal, Iran allowed inspectors to check its Parchin military complex, where Western security services believe Tehran carried out tests relevant to nuclear bomb detonations more than a decade ago. Iran has denied this. ",1
21225,"Despite derision, Britain's PM May might well be able to carry on... for now","LONDON (Reuters) - It was meant to silence her critics, but by pledging to lead the Conservative Party into the next election, British Prime Minister Theresa May instead unleashed a wave of derision from her foes. Still, with no challenger in sight and a party wary of a leadership fight, the 60-year-old prime minister is probably safe for now. The London Evening Standard, now edited by George Osborne, the Conservative sacked by May as finance minister when she became prime minister last year, described her pledge to run again as  Like the Living Dead in a second-rate horror film .  The premiership of Theresa May staggers on oblivious. This was not supposed to be in the script.  Others chimed in.  Party grandee Michael Heseltine, who was also sacked as a government adviser by May for rebelling over Britain s planned exit from the European Union, deadpanned:  I don t think she s got a long term.  And another critic, Nicky Morgan, who lost her position as education minister when May entered power after the Brexit referendum last year, said it would be difficult for May to lead the Conservatives into the next election due in 2022.  We have got to think about how we renew our franchise,  she told the BBC.  But many Conservatives kept silent.  After being bruised this year when May called an early election only to see her party lose its parliamentary majority, several said keeping the party in power was the main priority. And with no one willing to challenge May, it made more sense to keep her as leader to guide Britain through what could become a messy Brexit.   There are people who are fed up and hurt after the election, and there s muttering, but not a lot of them are muttering publicly. The loudest ones are those who have no chance of getting big jobs,  a veteran party member said.  But no one is putting their hand up to take over. There s no appetite from any of the big players ... Her future is all about Brexit.   Asked during a visit to Japan whether she wanted to lead the Conservative Party into the next election, May said:  Yes ... I m here for the long term and it s crucial, what me and my government are about is not just delivering on Brexit, we are delivering a brighter future for the United Kingdom.   I m not a quitter,  she said. She hoped to silence weeks of media reports that she could leave office as early as the annual party conference in October, an event where political careers have been made or broken in the past. But instead of increasing her authority, damaged by the June election, she attracted derision from critics in her own party as well as the opposition. The Labour Party was quick to accuse May of  deluding herself .  Theresa May leads a zombie government,  said Jon Trickett, a senior member of Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn s team.  The sooner the public has the chance to vote out her and her government the better for our country s future.  But it is the threat from Labour, which has seen its standing in the polls increase since the election, that in part might keep May in her position for longer than some think. Few Conservatives dare risk doing anything that might trigger an early parliamentary election and hand a chance of victory to Corbyn. Also, despite several leading Conservatives thought to be eyeing her job, none appears willing to step in now when Britain is engaged in difficult talks to leave the European Union, which officials say are making little or no progress. The veteran party member, who discussed May s prospects on condition of anonymity, said he thought May was sincere in pledging to stay on until the next election, despite the chorus of calls from foes within the party for her to step aside.  She told the truth. She s up for staying on. But it all depends on Brexit,  the party member said.  If she comes out of it with jobs up, and is seen to have told the EU to get off and prospects are good ... well you can go hero to zero and vice versa.  ",1
21226,"Russia gears up for major war games, neighbors watch with unease","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is preparing to hold large-scale military exercises it says will be of a purely defensive nature, amid concerns in neighboring nations that the drills may be used as a precursor for an invasion. A total of around 12,700 servicemen will take part in the war games, code named Zapad 2017, which will be held on Sept. 14-20 in western Russia, Belarus and Russia s exclave of Kaliningrad. These will include around 5,500 Russian troops. Lieutenant General Ben Hodges, the U.S. Army s top general in Europe, told Reuters last month that U.S. allies in eastern Europe and Ukraine were worried the exercises could be a  Trojan horse  aimed at leaving behind military equipment brought into Belarus. This week Russia s Defence Ministry rejected what it said were false allegations it might use the drills as a springboard to launch invasions of Poland, Lithuania or Ukraine. The following graphic shows the breakdown of the troops and military hardware, including warships and aircraft, to be used in the exercises, according to data provided by Russia s Defence Ministry. It also shows the locations of the drills. For a graphic on Russia's Zapad war games, click: here ",1
21227,Heavy civilian casualties in Raqqa from air strikes: U.N.,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Civilians caught up in the battle for the Syrian city of Raqqa are paying an  unacceptable price  and attacking forces may be contravening international law with their intense air strikes, the top United Nations human rights official said on Thursday. A U.S.-led coalition is seeking to oust Islamic State from Raqqa, while Syrian government forces, backed by the Russian air force and Iran-backed militias are also advancing on the city. Some 20,000 civilians are trapped in Raqqa where the jihadist fighters are holding some of them as human shields, the world body says. U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein said that his office had documented 151 civilian deaths in six incidents alone in August, due to air strikes and ground-based attacks.  Given the extremely high number of reports of civilian casualties this month and the intensity of the air strikes on Raqqa, coupled with ISIL s use of civilians as human shields, I am deeply concerned that civilians   who should be protected at all times - are paying an unacceptable price and that forces involved in battling ISIL are losing sight of the ultimate goal of this battle,  Zeid said in a statement.   ...the attacking forces may be failing to abide by the international humanitarian law principles of precautions, distinction, and proportionality,  he said.  The U.S.-led coalition has said it conducted nearly 1,100 air strikes on and near Raqqa this month, up from 645 in July, the U.N. statement said. Russia s air force has reported carrying out 2,518 air strikes across Syria in the first three weeks of August, it added.  Meanwhile ISIL fighters continue to prevent civilians from fleeing the area, although some manage to leave after paying large amounts of money to smugglers,  Zeid said. We have reports of smugglers also being publicly executed by ISIL.  U.S.-led warplanes on Wednesday blocked a convoy of Islamic State fighters and their families from reaching territory the group holds in eastern Syria and struck some of their comrades traveling to meet them, a coalition spokesman said. ",1
21228,France unveils labor reforms in first step to re-shaping economy,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron s government announced reforms to loosen labor regulations and drive down unemployment, drawing criticism from unions but limited support for the street protests that have hindered previous reform bids.  After weeks of negotiations with unions over the summer, the centrist government revealed measures including a cap on payouts for dismissals adjudged unfair and greater freedom to hire and fire. The plan would also give companies more flexibility to adapt pay and working hours to market conditions. The labor code reform is the first big test of Macron s drive to re-shape the euro zone s second biggest economy with its near double-digit jobless rate, double that in Britain and markedly higher than Germany. He also seeks a  grand bargain  with Germany over broader reforms of the euro zone. For decades, governments of the left and right have tried to reform France s strict labor rules, but have always diluted them in the face of street protests. The reform makes no direct reference to France s 35-hour week but gives employers more flexibility to negotiate deals with employees to work around it. Labour Minister Muriel Penicaud described the five decrees laying out the reforms as  a transformation of labor rules on an unprecedented scale . Prime Minister Edouard Philippe said they were necessary to fight France s stubbornly high unemployment.   The truth is that for bosses, especially of small companies, and foreign investors, the existing labor law is seen as a brake on hiring and investment,  Philippe said. Trade unions were less upbeat at what they perceived as the loss of long-cherished workers  rights.  All of our fears have been confirmed,  said Philippe Martinez, head of the hard-left CGT union, after the government presented the decrees to unions and employers. He said the union would press ahead with its plan for a protest on Sept. 12. But Macron s assiduous courting of the unions over the summer appeared to have born fruit. France s biggest union, the reformist CFDT, said it was disappointed with what amounted to a missed opportunity to improve labor relations. But both the CFDT and the smaller Force Ouvriere, one of the spearheads of last year s anti-reform protests, said they would not be joining the CGT s protest.   This reform does not rise to the occasion , CFDT leader Laurent Berger told reporters, but he added:  Taking to the streets is not the only mode of action for unions.  It sets a cap on compensation for a dismissal judged in a labor court to be unfair. This will be set at three months of wages for two years in the company with the amount rising progressively depending on how long a worker was with the firm. In a concession to unions, normal severance pay would be increased from 20 percent of one month s wage for each year in a company to 25 percent. Economists drew parallels with Germany and Spain.  This very much resembles the labor reform carried out in Germany in 2004-2005,  said Florian Hense, European economist at Berenberg Bank.  This could very well propel France to a golden decade like Germany had.   Dutch bank ING said:  The ceiling on dismissal compensation is a milestone in labor flexibility and a real positive for permanent contract creation. In Spain, a similar reform kick-started an unprecedented labor market recovery.   Pierre Gattaz, the head of the MEDEF employers federation, described the reforms as an important first step which would boost confidence within companies. The CPME, a small business lobby, was even more positive.  At last!,  it said in a statement.  After months of negotiations, we got results. The reform we had been waiting for so long is there.  The labor reforms comes as the 39-year-old president suffers a steep drop in popularity ratings. Early policy announcements including an overhaul of the wealth tax and cuts to housing assistance have left a swathe of voters feeling his policies favor the rich, pollsters say. The government plans to start talks on overhauling unemployment benefits in October before tackling pension reform next year.  Parliament, where Macron s Republic on the Move party has a commanding majority, has already voted to allow the government to issue the decrees without a vote in the assembly. The government plans to adopt the decrees on Sept. 22.    ",1
21229,German minister favors longer ban on Syrian refugees bringing families,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said he favors extending a temporary ban on Syrian migrants bringing their families to Germany, a move that reflects growing popular opposition to family reunifications. De Maiziere, a member of Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, told the Heilbronner Stimme newspaper that a  huge  number of Syrians were expected to enter Germany unless the ban was extended when it expires in March 2018. Officials expect every refugee to bring at least one family member to Germany, he said in an article published on Thursday. Bild newspaper said this week that internal government estimates showed that about 390,000 Syrians who had been recognized as asylum seekers could request visas for family members when the two-year ban on reunifications expires next March.  Merkel, who is expected to win a fourth term in Sept. 24 elections, has said the government will decide the issue after the election. The government has sought to tighten asylum rules after suffering regional election losses over Merkel s 2015 decision to leave borders open to over a million migrants. Concern about migration has fueled support in particular for the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party, which is expected to win seats in the national parliament for the first time at the election. A poll conducted by the INSA institute for daily newspaper Bild this week showed that 58.3 percent of Germans opposed family reunifications for recognized asylum seekers, although they are allowed under German law. The poll showed that 95.8 percent of AfD supporters and 66.8 percent of supporters of the pro-business Free Democrats opposed family reunifications. About 54.3 percent of conservatives were also opposed, compared to 42.7 percent of backers of the Social Democrats, junior partners in the current coalition government. Richard Hilmer, head of the Berlin-based Policy Matters think tank, said migration remained a key issue for German voters in the 2017 election. He said German law allowed family reunifications to help ensure good integration of asylum seekers whose applications were accepted.  Otherwise you wind up with single men who are not integrated into the social fabric, and in the worst cases, even a sort of ghettoisation,  he said. ",1
21230,Japan seeks funds to boost missile ranges days after North Korea threat,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan s defense ministry on Thursday sought $160 million in a record budget request to develop swift, longer-range missiles to extend its military punch in East Asia, countering growing Chinese strength and an increasing North Korean threat. If approved, the proposal for a rise of 2.5 percent in defense spending to 5.26 trillion yen ($48 billion) for the year starting April 1 would be the sixth straight annual increase as Prime Minister Shinzo Abe bolsters the military. The funds will pay for ballistic missile defense upgrades, six F-35 stealth fighters, four V-22 Osprey tilt rotor troop carriers, besides orders for new naval vessels, including a submarine and two compact warships. Around $90 million of the requested missile development funds of $160 million will go on studying hypersonic missiles to quickly penetrate enemy defenses. The rest will pay for research on extending missile range,  technology that could potentially be used to help develop strike weapons. South Korea s air force conducted an exercise with two U.S. nuclear-capable bombers above the Korean peninsula on Thursday, two days after a North Korean missile fired over Japan sharply raised tension.  The research and development is for island defense,  a Ministry of Defence official told a briefing, referring to the southwestern Okinawa island chain skirting the East China Sea, where Japan is embroiled in a territorial dispute with China. The funding for missile development, though relatively small, could nonetheless spark controversy, since Japan s war-renouncing constitution imposes restrictions on strike weapons for the military. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said Japan had consistently hyped the so-called  China threat  to increase its defense spending, and urged it to learn the lessons of history and pay heed to its neighbors  security concerns.    Regardless of what its reasons are, Japan s defense spending is increasing every year and has reached a new historical high. We express concern about this,  Hua told a regular press briefing. Some lawmakers of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) argue that Japan needs weapons able to strike North Korean missile sites, so as to deter attacks by Pyongyang. The longest range missiles in Japan s arsenal, which includes anti-aircraft and anti-ship munitions, have ranges of less than 300 kilometers. A group of LDP lawmakers that recommended Japan acquire strike weapons was led by Minister of Defence Itsunori Onodera before he took up his post in August. But such a proposed shift in military strategy would face stiff political opposition from critics in Japan who say Abe s hawkish policies have gone too far, hurting his already soggy popularity.  Striking enemy bases after an attack to stop subsequent launches would seem like a natural thing to do, but that would be difficult for people in Japan to accept under the current constitution,  an LDP lawmaker said, asking not to be identified because he was not authorized to talk to the media. The proposed defense budget will face scrutiny by Ministry of Finance officials who may seek to rein in military outlays as they juggle demands for higher spending on health and welfare for Japan s aging population. ",1
21231,"After Taiwan alarm, China says air force drills were routine","BEIJING (Reuters) - China s Defence Ministry said on Thursday that a recent series of air force exercises around self-ruled Taiwan were routine, after Taiwan s military said this month it was on a high state of alert following three straight days of drills. The Chinese aircraft, which have included bombers and advanced fighter jets, staged exercises flying through the Bashi Channel that separates Taiwan from the Philippines and up to the north of Taiwan, by Japan s Miyako island, according to Taiwan s government. The drills were the latest in a series of exercises conducted by China near Taiwan and Japan in the past several weeks. China said nothing out of the ordinary had happened.  These activities are routine exercises by the Chinese air force,  Defence Ministry spokesman Ren Guoqiang told a monthly news briefing when asked about the most recent drills around Taiwan.  He did not elaborate. China frequently refers to such exercises as routine. China has been increasingly asserting itself in territorial disputes in the South and East China Seas. It is also worried about Taiwan, run by a government China fears is intent on independence. Beijing has never ruled out the use of force to bring proudly democratic Taiwan under its control, and has warned that any moves towards formal independence could prompt an armed response. China is in the midst of an ambitious military modernization program that includes building aircraft carriers and developing stealth fighters to give it the ability to project power far from its shores. Taiwan is well armed with mostly U.S. weaponry, but has been pressing Washington to sell it more high-tech equipment to better deter China. ",1
21232,Several wounded after blast hits bus in Turkey's Izmir,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Seven people were wounded when an explosion hit a shuttle bus carrying prison guards in the Turkish coastal province of Izmir on Thursday, and authorities were investigating a possible terrorist attack, the local mayor said. The bus was hit as it passed a garbage container at around 7:40 a.m. (0440 GMT), Levent Piristina, the mayor of Izmir s Buca district, said on Twitter. Photographs he posted on social media showed its windows blown out and its windscreen shattered. The force of the blast appeared to have blown out some of the bus s panels, and the nearby street was littered with debris.  We are getting information from police sources and they are focusing on the possibility of a terrorist attack,  he said, adding that all seven wounded were in good condition. Both state-run TRT Haber and private broadcaster Dogan news agency said the explosion was caused by a bomb placed in the garbage container that exploded when the shuttle bus passed. No one immediately claimed responsibility. Both Kurdish militants and jihadist Islamic State militants have carried out suicide and bomb attacks in major Turkish cities in recent years. Kurdish militants have previously targeted buses carrying security personnel.  In December, a bomb killed at least 13 soldiers and wounded more than 50 when it ripped through a bus carrying off-duty military personnel in the central city of Kayseri, an attack the government blamed on Kurdish militants. The Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), considered a terrorist organization by the United States, Turkey and the European Union, has waged a three-decade insurgency against the Turkish state. The outlawed PKK wants autonomy for Turkey s largely Kurdish southeast. ",1
21233,Campaign hits TV screens as Australian same-sex marriage vote looms,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - The first public campaigns ahead of Australia s vote on legalizing same-sex marriage have hit television screens, sparking a truth-in-advertising debate on an issue that threatens to destabilize the ruling center-right coalition.  Australians can take part in a non-binding postal ballot in September on whether to change the Marriage Act to allow same-sex couples to marry.  The process will inform the government on whether to pursue legislative change and join 24 other countries around the world where it is legal. The  no  and  yes  campaigns launched their first television adverts on Tuesday and Thursday, drawing immediate rebukes from their rivals. The  no  campaign linked same-sex marriage to paving the way for radical gender study program to be introduced in schools. Lyle Shelton, the head of the Australian Christian Lobby and spokesman for Coalition for Marriage, cited a case in Canada, and another in Britain.  Look at the UK where a Jewish school in London faced the prospect of closure because it won t teach radical LGBTIQ education,  he told Reuters in a phone interview, referring to the acronym for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, intersex and queer/questioning people. Australia s Education Minister Simon Birmingham said the two issues were not linked while non-government organization Human Rights Watch (HRW) said the ad was factually inaccurate. Because the postal vote is not a formal election it is not subject to the same rules on political advertisements.  You can have posters and ads peddling outright lies,  said Elaine Pearson, Australian HRW director. Australian Marriage Equality responded on Thursday with an advert saying same-sex marriage would give young gay people the same dignity as everyone else. Spokeswoman Kerryn Phelps said gay and lesbian counseling services were inundated by people distressed that their lives and relationships had been put up for judgment.  It s humiliating and it s anxiety provoking,  Phelps said. The marriage debate has dogged Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull for the past two years as he wrestles to sell the idea of a public vote to appease conservatives in his ruling government, many of whom only agreed to support Turnbull s leadership if he went ahead with the ballot. Conservatives expect any proposal to allow same-sex marriage would be rejected in a vote. The postal vote is subject to a High Court legal challenge to be resolved next week, with opponents of the process hoping it will be struck down before the issue is put to the people. ",1
21234,"Japan's Abe, UK May pledge cooperation on North Korea threat","TOKYO (Reuters) - The leaders of Japan and Britain pledged on Thursday to cooperate in countering the threat posed by North Korea, two days after it fired a missile over northern Japan.      North Korea s reckless action is a threat  to Japan, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe told his National Security Council.  Japan and Britain will cooperate to counter this.  British Prime Minister Theresa May, attending the meeting during a visit to Japan, said:  Through our deepened security partnership, we must work together to enhance our collective response to the threats to international order and global peace and stability. And that must include confronting the threat that North Korea poses and ensuring that this regime in North Korea stops its aggressive acts.  ",1
21235,U.S.-led jets strike in Syria to block Islamic State evacuation deal,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - U.S.-led warplanes on Wednesday blocked a convoy of Islamic State fighters and their families from reaching territory the group holds in eastern Syria and struck some of their comrades traveling to meet them, a coalition spokesman said.  The strikes were aimed at stopping an evacuation deal for Islamic State fighters to leave their enclave on the Lebanon-Syria border for areas they hold in eastern Syria, arranged by the Lebanese Hezbollah group and the Syrian army.  It was part of a ceasefire agreed after offensives last week by the Lebanese army on one front, and the Syrian army and Hezbollah on another, that pushed Islamic State back into a small part of its enclave straddling the frontier. The deal has been criticized by the coalition and by Iraq, whose army is also fighting Islamic State in areas contiguous with the eastern Syria region to which the convoy was headed.   The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded, unable to move forward into Islamic State territory.  It shows how easily such evacuations to other areas, which the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has increasingly used to push rebel pockets to surrender, can be derailed in a conflict with many sides.  A commander in the military alliance supporting Assad said the coalition had contacted the Syrian Arab Red Crescent, which is accompanying the convoy and warned that if it entered Islamic State territory, it might attack.  Islamic State is on the back foot in both Syria and Iraq, losing swathes of its territory and its most important towns and cities after taking advantage of chaos including the six-year civil war in Syria to win ground.  In Syria, the U.S.-led coalition is backing an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias in the north which are assaulting the jihadist group s former de facto capital of Raqqa. The Russian-backed Syrian army and allied Shi ite militia from Iraq and Lebanon including Hezbollah have this year seized most of the central desert from the group, and are advancing eastwards to relieve the army s besieged enclave in Deir al-Zor.  The coalition strikes to block the convoy moving into Islamic State territory took place east of Humeima, near the edge of land held by the Syrian government, coalition spokesman Ryan Dillon told Reuters.   We did crater the road and destroyed a small bridge to prevent this convoy from moving further east,  Dillon told Reuters by phone. He later said the coalition had struck vehicles containing Islamic State fighters that were heading to that area from deeper inside the territory they control to the east. He did not know if the evacuation convoy, which contains buses of fighters and their family members, as well as ambulances carrying wounded fighters, was now in Islamic State or Syrian government territory.   On Tuesday morning a Hezbollah-run military media unit reported the convoy had reached an exchange point into Islamic State territory. The evacuation deal also involved Islamic State revealing the fate of nine Lebanese soldiers it took captive in its border enclave in 2014, and surrendering Hezbollah and Syrian army prisoners and bodies in east Syria. The commander in the pro-Assad military alliance said it was considering an alternative location for the convoy to cross into Islamic State territory.   Now things are moving to change the place from Humeima and head north towards Sukhna,  the commander said.   We re not bound by these agreements,  Dillon said, apparently referring to the ceasefire deal.  They re clearly fighters and they re moving to another location to fight yet again.  In accordance with the law of armed conflict ... we will strike them if we are able to do so,  he said, adding that direct strikes on the convoy would only take place if the militants could be separated from civilians. Brett McGurk, the U.S. envoy to the coalition, criticized the evacuation deal in a statement early on Wednesday before the strikes were reported, saying:  Relocating terrorists from one place to another for someone else to deal with is not a lasting solution . Separately, the leader of Hezbollah, Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, defended the Lebanese group s involvement in the evacuation deal in a statement responding to criticism of the move from Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi. Abadi said on Tuesday:  Transporting this number of terrorists from long distance to eastern Syria adjacent to Iraqi borders is unacceptable . Nasrallah said it was a Hezbollah deal agreed upon by the Syrian leadership, that the fighters were few in number, and were being moved from one front Hezbollah was fighting in to another. Lebanon is a major recipient of U.S. and British military aid. It says its offensive against Islamic State last week was separate to the simultaneous one made against the same pocket from inside Syria by the Syrian army and Hezbollah, regarded by the U.S. and Britain as a terrorist group.  On Wednesday the Lebanese army said its head General Joseph Aoun had been phoned by the commander of U.S. Central Command Joseph Votel congratulating him on the offensive and pledging to continue arming Lebanon s army.  ",1
21236,U.S. conducts missile defense test off Hawaii coast,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Missile Defense Agency and the Navy successfully conducted a missile defense test off the coast of Hawaii, MDA said in a statement on Wednesday. The test, scheduled well in advance, was done from the USS John Paul Jones and comes a day after North Korea fired a ballistic missile over Japan. The test, using Standard Missile-6 guided missiles, intercepted a medium-range ballistic missile target. North Korea said its missile launch was to counter U.S. and South Korean military drills, and was a first step in military action in the Pacific to  contain  the U.S. territory of Guam. The launch was condemned by the United Nations as an  outrageous  act. The MDA said the test gives the naval component of the missile defense system higher ability to intercept ballistic missiles in their terminal phase. Japan has been worried that the United States has so far declined to arm it with a powerful new radar, Reuters reported on Wednesday. Japan is seeking a land-based version of the Aegis ballistic missile defense system, operational by 2023, as a new layer of defense to help counter North Korea s missile advances. ",1
21237,"Trial against Guatemalan president's brother, son begins","GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - A fraud trial against the brother and son of Guatemalan president Jimmy Morales began on Wednesday amid a scandal touched off by the president s attempt to expel the leader of a U.N.-backed anti-corruption unit investigating the case. Guatemala s top tribunal, the Constitutional Court, ruled definitively on Tuesday against Morales  internationally criticized push to expel from the country Ivan Velasquez, the Colombian who leads the International Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala (CICIG).[nL8N1LF4RY] The CICIG and the prosecutor s office accuse Samuel  Sammy  Morales, the president s brother and one of his closest advisers, and Jose Manuel Morales, one of the leader s four sons, of facilitating false receipts that defrauded the national property registry in 2013, two years before Morales was elected. They deny any wrongdoing. Neither of the two gave a declaration before a judge on Wednesday, where they appeared together with another 20 other defendants. The scandal has hurt the popularity of Jimmy Morales, a former comedian, who won election in late 2015 after riding a wave of public discontent over the corruption scandals that brought down his predecessor Otto Perez Molina. The president has said the investigation into his family was not related to his controversial decision to declare Velasquez  persona non grata.  Last week, Velasquez and Guatemalan Attorney General Thelma Aldana asked to remove Morales  immunity, in order to investigate him for accusations of illegal campaign financing. The case involves payments linked to the mother of Jose Manuel Morales  then-girlfriend in 2013. She allegedly sent the national property registry a $12,000 bill made out in the name of a local restaurant for 564 breakfasts, according to the attorney general. The breakfasts were never delivered. Samuel Morales recognized the acts as a  favor  to his nephew, but he denied that he had benefited or been implicated in the network of fraud that deprived the institution of thousands of dollars. Both were detained in January, then put under house arrest and barred from leaving the country. ",1
21238,Thousands more Rohingya flee to border as Myanmar violence flares,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - More than 18,000 Rohingya Muslims, many sick and some with bullet wounds, have fled the worst violence to grip northwest Myanmar in at least five years, while thousands more are stuck at the Bangladesh border or scrambling to reach it. Friday s series of coordinated attacks by Rohingya insurgents on security forces in the north of Myanmar s Rakhine state and ensuing clashes triggered the Rohingya exodus, while the government evacuated thousands of Rakhine Buddhists. Since the attacks, about 18,445 Rohingya - mostly women and children - have registered in Bangladesh, the International Organization for Migration (IOM) said on Wednesday.  They are in a very, very desperate condition,  said Sanjukta Sahany, who runs the IOM office in the southern town of Cox s Bazar near the border.  The biggest needs are food, health services and they need shelter. They need at least some cover, some roofs over their heads.   Sahany said many crossed  with bullet injuries and burn injuries,  and that aid workers reported that some refugees  gave a blank look  when questioned.  People are traumatized, which is quite visible.  The United Nations, while condemning the militant attacks, has pressured Myanmar to protect civilian lives without discrimination and appealed to Bangladesh to admit those fleeing the military counteroffensive. At least 109 people have been killed in the clashes with insurgents, Myanmar says, most of them militants but also members of the security forces and civilians. The United Nations Security Council was briefed behind closed doors on Wednesday on the escalating violence at the request of Britain.   There s a lot of concern about the situation in the country. We all condemned the violence, we all called on all the parties to de-escalate,  British U.N. Ambassador Matthew Rycroft told reporters after the briefing.  The treatment of about 1.1 million Muslim Rohingya in Myanmar is the biggest challenge facing national leader Aung San Suu Kyi, who has been accused by Western critics of not speaking out for a minority that has long complained of persecution. Rycroft said the Security Council looks to Suu Kyi to  to set the right tone and to find the compromises and the de-escalation necessary in order to resolve the conflict.   The Rohingya are denied citizenship in Myanmar and regarded as illegal immigrants, despite claiming roots that date back centuries. The violence marks a dramatic escalation of a conflict that has simmered since October, when a similar, but much smaller, series of Rohingya attacks on security posts prompted a fierce military response, in which the U.N. has said security forces probably committed crimes against humanity.  The situation is very terrifying, houses are burning, all the people ran away from their homes, parents and children were divided, some were lost, some are dead,  Abdullah, 25, a Rohingya from the region of Buthidaung, told Reuters, struggling to hold back tears. Abdullah said four of the six hamlets in his village of Mee Chaung Zay had been burned down by security forces, prompting all its residents to flee toward Bangladesh. He was among the thousands of terrified people who left their village to gather at the foot of the Mayu mountain range. Together with his wife and 5-year-old daughter, Abdullah brought sticky rice, fetched plastic sheets and empty water bottles, preparing to trek in monsoon rain for days on a 20-km (12-mile) route through the mountains to the border.  I am waiting for all of my relatives to leave together with my family as soon as possible,  he added. Myanmar officials have said the country had the right to defend itself from attack, adding that security personnel were told to keep innocent civilians from harm. Mine explosions and fighting continued, the government said, blaming Rohingya militants for burning down houses and fleeing to the mountains after attacks. Bangladesh is already host to more than 400,000 Rohingya refugees who have fled Buddhist-majority Myanmar since the early 1990s.  Dhaka has asked the U.N. to pressure Myanmar over its treatment of the Muslim minority, saying it cannot take any more.  At least 4,000 people were stranded in no man s land between the two countries, with temporary shelters stretching for several hundred meters on a narrow strip between the Naf River and Myanmar s border fence. On Tuesday, Reuters reporters saw women, some carrying children and sick people, wade through the river, which narrows to less than 10 meters (11 yards) there. Bangladeshi border guards allowed groups of about six to cross to reach a stack of donated medicines. Many Rohingya trying to cross were sick and at least six died after crossing over, one aid worker said, adding that some refused to seek help for fear of being caught and sent back. Shaheen Abdur Rahman, a doctor at a hospital in Cox s Bazar, said 15 people admitted since last week had gunshot wounds, varying from grazes to bleeding in the lung. Four serious cases were sent for treatment to nearby Chittagong. Injuries also included fractures that could have been suffered in beatings or accidental falls while fleeing, he said.   We don t discriminate,  said Rahman.  Everyone coming to this hospital, whether they re Bangladeshi or not from Bangladesh, we provide due service to them.  In Kuala Lumpur, capital of neighboring Muslim-majority Malaysia, police said they arrested about 155 of roughly 1,200 mostly Rohingya demonstrators who protested against the renewed violence. Tens of thousands of Rohingya have fled to Malaysia over the years, few with valid travel or identity papers. (For a graphic on Rohingya conflict click tmsnrt.rs/2gjxOdv) ",1
21239,"In call with Saudi king, Trump urges end to Qatar dispute: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump spoke with Saudi King Salman on Wednesday and urged  all the parties in the Qatar dispute  to find a diplomatic resolution to end a crisis that has embroiled several Gulf countries, the White House said in a statement. Saudi Arabia, along with Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt, have cut political and trade ties with Qatar since June because they say Doha supports regional foe Iran and Islamists. ",1
21240,"France's Macron says his job not 'cool', cites talks with Turkey's Erdogan","PARIS (Reuters) - France s young new president, Emmanuel Macron, said life as a world leader is less  cool  than it might seem, citing talks with Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdogan as an example. Asked by Le Point magazine in an interview if he was trying to be the new  cool  kid on the global stage, Macron replied:  The global stage is not really a  cool  scene, you know.  Asked to give an example, he said:  I am the one who has to talk with Erdogan every 10 days.  He did not elaborate. Erdogan is often criticized by leaders in Western Europe and he has clashed with the European Union over human rights and other issues. The last known conversation between Macron and Erdogan was on Aug. 27, when they discussed the fate of a French journalist jailed in Turkey. An aide to Macron later said the French president had not meant to mock or criticize his Turkish counterpart.   The conversations with Mr. Erdogan are always very serious,  the aide explained. ",1
21241,"Frankfurt to evacuate 60,000 people to defuse British WWII bomb","FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Around 60,000 inhabitants of Germany s financial capital Frankfurt will be ordered to leave their homes on Sunday while a large World War Two bomb discovered at a building site is made safe, the police said. Germany s central bank, the Bundesbank, Frankfurt s Goethe University, and at least two hospitals will also be evacuated, in one of the largest evacuations in German post-war history. The 1.4-tonne HC 4000 bomb dropped by the British air force during World War Two was uncovered on a building site on Wismarer Strasse in Frankfurt s leafy Westend where many wealthy bankers live. Bomb disposal experts who examined it said the massive evacuation could wait until the weekend.  We are still working on the modalities of the evacuation plan,  a spokeswoman for Frankfurt police said on Wednesday. ",1
21242,Rebels say South Sudan's use of Uganda territory could spread instability,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - South Sudanese soldiers are passing through the territory of neighboring Uganda to launch assaults against rebels, raising the risk of the civil war spilling over into neighboring East African countries, South Sudanese rebels and witnesses said. The four-year-old conflict in oil-rich South Sudan, the world s newest country, has created Africa s biggest refugee crisis since the 1994 Rwandan genocide, displacing nearly a third of its 12 million citizens. More than one million have sought refuge in Uganda.  In the latest development, rebel spokesman Lam Paul Gabriel said government soldiers from the Sudan People s Liberation Army (SPLA) crossed into Uganda at the border post of Nimule on Friday. They drove through the Ugandan towns of Moyo and Koboko before crossing back into South Sudan s Yei River state, he said. The Ugandan military and the SPLA both denied any incursions by SPLA troops in Uganda  Kaya, a town on Yei River 10 km (6 miles) from the Ugandan border, was the site of fighting between the military and rebels on Saturday that left 19 people dead, including an American journalist.  A Reuters journalist in Uganda saw three SPLA pickup trucks loaded with uniformed soldiers wearing red berets driving in the direction of Kaya on Friday. Another eyewitness in the Ugandan border town of Moyo told Reuters he saw trucks with men in South Sudanese military uniforms moving through the town on Friday morning.  Ugandan military spokesman Brigadier Richard Karemire denied these accounts:  There s absolutely no foreign military on Ugandan soil. We don t allow that.   Colonel Santo Domic Chol, a SPLA spokesman, also denied troops had passed through Ugandan territory. South Sudanese soldiers have been passing through northwest Uganda to reach rebel-held territory, residents there say. The route allows them to avoid poor roads and rebel blockades. In June, men wearing South Sudanese military uniforms launched town raids in a hamlet over the border in Uganda and stole cattle, in the first reported attacks on Ugandan soil since the start of South Sudan s civil war. Gabriel said they did not believe the Ugandan government had officially allowed the South Sudan military to use its territory but blamed individual officials for colluding with South Sudan.  It will spoil relations between us,  he said.  What the (Uganda) government needs to do is to crack down on those individuals.  Uganda deployed its military in South Sudan to back President Salva Kiir shortly after the war begun, in late 2013. Ugandan troops only withdrew after a regionally-brokered 2015 peace deal collapsed within months.  On Wednesday, Ugandan state-owned paper New Vision reported the country had beefed up security on its South Sudan border. Ugandan military spokesman Karemire denied the story.  ",1
21243,Guatemala top court sides with U.N. graft unit in fight with president,"GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - Guatemala s top court on Tuesday ruled definitively against President Jimmy Morales  internationally criticized push to expel the head of a U.N.-backed anti-corruption unit probing his campaign financing.      The decision by the Constitutional Court ratifies a provisional ruling that the government could not expel Ivan Velasquez, a veteran Colombian prosecutor who leads Guatemala s International Commission against Impunity, known as CICIG. Morales on Sunday ordered the expulsion of the prosecutor, who has been a thorn in the president s side by investigating his son and brother, and then seeking to remove his own immunity from investigation over more than $800,000 in potentially unexplained campaign funds. He has denied any wrongdoing.  Within the United Nations, Velasquez has the rank of assistant secretary general. He is widely respected and the president s moved unleashed a series of resignations from his cabinet and a storm of criticism from Western nations.  Earlier in the day, Morales, 48, said he would respect the court s decision, stepping back from brinkmanship he displayed at the weekend when he said the court had overstepped its mandate by ruling on the case.  He has sought support from Guatemala s mayors, possibly to try to counter the diplomatic pressure and street protests by activists calling him corrupt.   I am not defending corrupt people, I am not against the anti-corruption fight, I am not even against the CICIG. Is a machete good or bad? It depends on who is wielding it,  said the former comedian at a meeting with mayors. Morales won office in 2015 running on a platform of honest governance after his predecessor Otto Perez Molina was forced to resign and imprisoned in a multi-million dollar graft case stemming from a CICIG investigation.  The United Nations on Tuesday said it was  disturbed  by Morales  moves against Velasquez, while the Geneva-based International Commission of Jurists said failure to comply with the Constitutional Court ruling could constitute  obstruction of justice , a criminal offense.   The president s decision to declare Ivan Velasquez as  non grata  and ordering his immediate removal from the country is in clear breach of international law,  the ICJ said in a statement.  Hundreds of Guatemalans took to the streets on Monday in support of Velasquez, some shouting  Take Jimmy Morales to court!  Some groups came out in support of the president and against foreign interference. The U.S. ambassador to Guatemala, Todd Robinson, told Reuters the president s moves could put at risk a U.S. development plan in Central America to reduce poverty and crime.  There will probably be consequences from the president s decision,  Robinson said, while emphasizing that any U.S. measures would have to be carefully thought through so as not to affect the economy or migration to the United States.     Many politicians in Guatemala consider the foreign-led body, which is unusual among U.N. bodies for its powers to bring cases to prosecutors, to be a violation of national sovereignty. Anti-corruption activists credit it with cleaning up government. ",1
21244,"France sees talks on post-Iran nuclear deal, ballistic missile use","PARIS (Reuters) - France suggested on Wednesday that the nuclear deal Iran struck with world powers in 2015 could be supplemented through  future consultations  to include the post-2025 period and tackle Iran s development of ballistic missiles. Under the deal, most international sanctions were lifted in return for Iran undertaking long-term curbs on its nuclear program, which the West suspected was aimed at developing the means to build an atomic bomb.  Iran agreed to mothball for at least a decade the majority of its centrifuges used to enrich uranium and sharply reduce its low-enriched uranium stockpile. It also agreed restrictions on its ballistic missile programs for eight years.  The President (Emmanuel Macron) on Aug. 29 indicated that the Vienna accord could be supplemented by work for the post-2025 period (and) by an indispensable work on the use of ballistic missiles,  Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne told reporters at a daily briefing.  This work could be the object of future consultations with out partners,  she said, referring to Macron s comments. The United States, Britain, France and Germany have complained several times to the United Nations about Iran s tests of ballistic missiles, which they contend are  in  defiance  of a 2015 U.N. resolution enshrining the nuclear deal. Diplomats said Macron s comments, in which he also stressed that the deal was  good , came amid concerns in Paris that U.S. President Donald Trump could walk away from the nuclear accord, which he has called  the worst deal ever .    Trump has ordered a review of the accord, negotiated under his predecessor Barack Obama, and allies including France fear Washington could renege on the deal in some way and risk Iranian retaliation, escalating instability in the Middle East.  The Vienna accord on Iran s nuclear program is essential for regional and international security and non-proliferation,  Romatet-Espagne said.  There is no credible alternative.  She added that France, which has struck several multi-billion dollar deals in Iran since the 2015 agreement, neither wanted to reopen or renegotiate the accord, but to ensure it was being implemented rigorously. ",1
21245,"Sore at Macron's 'dictatorship' criticism, Venezuela blasts France","CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela accused France on Wednesday of joining an  imperialist  campaign after President Emmanuel Macron portrayed the widely criticized socialist government as dictatorial. Adding to criticism from Washington, the United Nations and major Latin American nations, Macron on Tuesday called President Nicolas Maduro s administration  a dictatorship trying to survive at the cost of unprecedented humanitarian distress.  Many countries are outraged at the Venezuelan government s overriding of the opposition-led congress, crackdown on protests, jailing of hundreds of foes and failure to allow the entry of foreign humanitarian aid to ease a severe economic crisis. Authorities say local opposition leaders want to topple Maduro in a coup with U.S. support, but its new Constituent Assembly will guarantee peace.   Comments like this are an attack on Venezuelan institutions and seem to form part of the permanent imperialist obsession with attacking our people,  the government said in a communique responding to Macron.    The French head-of-state s affirmations show a deep lack of knowledge of the reality of Venezuela, whose people live in complete peace,  the statement said. It added that the assembly and upcoming state elections demonstrated the health of local democracy.   Leaders of the fractious opposition coalition boycotted the July 30 election of the assembly, branding it an affront to democracy. They called for an early presidential election, which Maduro would likely lose as his popularity has sunk along with an economy blighted by triple-digit inflation and food shortages. France s foreign ministry on Wednesday reiterated Macron s comments and said it was studying the best way to accompany all initiatives that would enable credible dialogue that included regional countries.  It is up to the Venezuelan authorities to give quick pledges in terms of respecting rule of law and fundamental freedoms,  spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne told reporters in a daily briefing.  The European Union and France will evaluate their relationship with Venezuela on this basis.  ",1
21246,'Gates of Hell': Iraqi army says fighting near Tal Afar worse than Mosul," (Story corrects third paragraph to show Mosul fell in July, not June, after nine, not eight, months of urban warfare in August 29th instance.) By Ahmed Rasheed BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces battling to retake the small town of al- Ayadiya where militants fleeing Tal Afar have entrenched themselves, saying on Tuesday the fighting is  multiple times worse  than the battle for Mosul s old city. Hundreds of battle-hardened fighters were positioned inside most houses and high buildings inside the town, making it difficult for government forces to make any progress, army officers told Reuters. Iraqi government troops captured the town of Mosul from Islamic State in July, but only after nine months of grinding urban warfare. But one Iraqi officer, Colonel Kareem al-Lami, described breaching the militants  first line of defense in al- Ayadiya as like opening  the gates of hell . Iraqi forces have in recent days recaptured almost all of the northwestern city of Tal Afar, long a stronghold of Islamic State. They have been waiting to take al- Ayadiya, just 11 km (7 miles) northwest of the city, before declaring complete victory. Tough resistance from the militants in al- Ayadiya has forced the Iraqi forces to increase the number of air strikes, as well as bring in reinforcements from the federal police to boost units from the army, air force, Federal Police, the elite U.S.-trained Counter-Terrorism Service (CTS) and some units from the Shi ite Popular Mobilization Forces (PMF). Up to 2,000 battle-hardened militants were believed to be defending Tal Afar against around 50,000 government troops last week.  Military intelligence indicated that many militants fled Tal Afar to mount a staunch defense in al- Ayadiya. Many motorcycles carrying the Islamic State insignia were seen abandoned at the side of the road outside al- Ayadiya. Though the exact numbers of militants on the ground in al- Ayadiya was still unclear, al-Lami, the Iraqi Army colonel,  estimated they were in their  hundreds.   Daesh (Islamic State) fighters in their hundreds are taking positions inside almost every single house in the town,  he said.  Sniper shots, mortars, heavy machine guns and anti-armored projectiles were fired from every single house, he added.   We thought the battle for Mosul s Old City was tough, but this one proved to be multiple times worst,  al-Lami said.  We are facing tough fighters who have nothing to lose and are ready to die.   Two army officers told Reuters that no significant advances had yet been made in al- Ayadiya. They said they were waiting for artillery and air strikes to undermine the militants power. The extra Federal Police troops that were called in said late on Tuesday that they had controlled 50 percent of the town, deploying snipers on the high buildings and intensified shelling the militants headquarters with rockets, a federal police spokesman said in a statement.  Tal Afar became the next target of the U.S.-backed war on the jihadist group following the recapture of Mosul, where it had declared its  caliphate  over parts of Iraq and Syria in 2014. ",1
21247,British princes mark anniversary of Diana's death with garden visit,"LONDON (Reuters) - Princes William and Harry paid a quiet tribute to their mother Princess Diana on Wednesday, a day before the 20th anniversary of her death that has reignited interest in one of the world s most famous women. Diana s two sons met representatives of the charities she supported in a public garden at Kensington Palace, their home and where their mother lived until she was killed in a car crash in Paris on Aug. 31, 1997.  Outside the palace gates supporters of the royal family gathered in the rain to mark the occasion, with many praising Diana s sons for keeping her in the public memory.  Everyone remembers where they were the day she died, and when they heard about it,  said 74-year-old Nancy Purinton, on holiday with her husband from the United States.  It was pretty dramatic.  Sheltering under umbrellas, William, Harry and Kate took a tour of the renamed White Garden, which has been transformed temporarily with white English roses and forget-me-nots planted earlier this year.  The palace s head gardener and a gardener who knew Diana from her frequent visits to the spot, usually known as the Sunken Garden, explained the design and pointed out some of the princess s favorite plants.   The gathering follows weeks of renewed interest in Diana, the first wife of heir-to-the-throne Prince Charles. She has once again become front page news with new revelations about her life and a raft of TV documentaries to mark the anniversary. Previous anniversaries of her death have passed with little fuss, suggesting that the  People s Princess , as she was dubbed by then-British Prime Minister Tony Blair, had perhaps lost some of her allure and relevance. But with the popular William and Harry coming to the fore, the 20th anniversary has sparked a re-examination of the role Diana played in Britain and the royal family, from her lavish wedding in 1981 to her bitter divorce.  The princes have also been increasingly willing to speak about the trauma of her death and its lasting impact.  I m glad that they ve finally loosened up a little bit to talk about her and how really hard it was for them,  Purinton said of the princes.  I think they were  stiff upper lip  for so long and now they re able to talk about it, which I think helps other people if they re grieving.   Diana s death in a Paris underpass sparked an outpouring of grief that stunned many Britons, with thousands of mourners descending on the palace to leave flowers and letters to pay tribute to a woman who had become a global fashion icon and charity campaigner.   I was here the first time around,  Alexia McDonald, 54 and a full-time carer, told Reuters.  We were similar age ... (I remember) seeing the fairytale wedding. She was my generation and I just felt a connection.   I felt I needed to pay my respects to Diana.  Outside the palace on Wednesday, Britons again left flowers, photographs and messages attached to the front gates, although in far fewer numbers than immediately after her death.      After touring the garden, the princes met representatives from causes Diana had supported, including Great Ormond Street Hospital, the National Aids Trust and The Leprosy Mission.  On Thursday, they will reflect on their mother s life in private. ",1
21248,"Stung by reputation, Taiwan looks to turn corner on money laundering","TAIPEI (Reuters) - After Taiwan s state-run Mega Financial Holding Co was fined $180 million by U.S. authorities for lax enforcement of anti-money-laundering rules at its New York branch, the bank started a rigorous training program for its staff. Now, like Mega Financial, companies across Taiwan are working to get staff and systems up to speed after the island passed laws to meet international standards on combating money laundering and was taken off a watchlist by the Asia Pacific Group on Money Laundering (APG).  Unfortunately, Taiwan has earned a name for itself as a paradise for money laundering,  Deputy Justice Minister Tsai Pi-chung told Reuters. Money laundering and cybercrime connections to Taiwan, which is also in the process of pushing through a cyber security bill, have grabbed global headlines. U.S. authorities fined Mega Financial $180 million last year for lax enforcement of anti-money-laundering rules at its New York branch. Some money from the $170 million cyber heist of India s Union Bank of India was transferred through Taiwan s Bank SinoPac. An international crime ring used malware to steal $2.6 million from the ATMs of Taiwan s First Bank. Taiwan was one of the six most targeted countries of the Wannacry ransomware attack earlier this year, according to security company Avast.  Since 2011, 800 people from China and Taiwan have been deported from Cambodia on suspicion of telecoms fraud. Following its U.S. fine, Mega Financial said cleaning up its act is a top priority. U.S. authorities had said the Mega branch had been  indifferent  to the risks associated with transactions involving Panama, a high-risk area for money laundering.  What happened at our New York branch was just terrible,  said Robert Tsai, a senior executive vice president, referring to the fine and ensuing scandal.  Half of our 6,000 clerks have been certified with anti-money laundering training. How each of our branches implements the rules and ensures proper training is the top priority for our business.  To gain international confidence in its anti-money laundering measures, Taiwan will have to demonstrate it is putting the laws into practice. The APG will review Taiwan in 2018.  The visit will focus on how effectively Taiwan will have actually implemented the anti-money laundering rules,  said Liang Hung-lieh, partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers Taiwan.  The APG s on-site review will be new to most of the assessed, including banks, non-bank financial institutions and in particular non-financial institutions such as lawyers, public certified accountants and other professional service providers.  Under the anti-money laundering laws, these financial professionals will be required to report suspicious transactions, including bank transfers exceeding T$500,000 (US$16,500). They will have to determine where the money came from, provide details about the client and report that to Taiwan s newly established Anti-Money Laundering Office. These are similar to regulations that countries that have signed up to global anti-money laundering rules overseen by the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) have adopted. The cost to companies of implementing the new rules may be significant as they put processes, workers and data systems in place.  There s a lot of extra work for them to do now, such as determining the identities of their clients  beneficiaries,  said an official with the Financial Supervisory Commission, the island s financial regulator. He declined to be identified in the absence of permission to speak to the media.  They don t yet know exactly what they have to do, and to what extent, to be considered compliant with the new regulations. They re going to need some time to digest all of these new rules,  he said. The potential costs and increased difficulty of getting transactions done under the new rules worry those in the property market, said Wong Jui-chi, the spokesman for Taiwan s Chinese Association of Real Estate brokers, while emphasizing that his industry intends to fully comply with the regulations.  The property market is already in a bad shape and these new rules will make things worse by making the process of real estate transactions more complicated. More or less everyone in our industry is complaining about it,  he said. ",1
21249,"At least 11 Afghan civilians killed in air strike, local official says","KABUL (Reuters) - At least 11 Afghan civilians were killed and 16 wounded on Wednesday when a NATO helicopter attacked a house where Taliban insurgents had taken shelter in Logar province, east of the capital, Kabul, the local governor said. There was no immediate confirmation that NATO or U.S. aircraft were involved, but a spokesman for Resolute Support, the NATO-led mission in Kabul, said in an emailed statement it was aware of the reports and was looking into them. Logar Governor Halim Fedaee said the incident occurred in Dashte Bari district near the provincial capital Pul-e Alam.  The Taliban took position in a civilian house and fired a rocket at a NATO helicopter,  the governor said.  The house owner begged the Taliban to leave, but they didn t. The helicopter took a turn, came and hit this house that caused these deaths.   The incident, a day after reports that an Afghan air strike killed at least 13 civilians in the western province of Herat, underlines the risk that a recent increase in air raids by U.S. and Afghan forces will increase civilian casualties. United Nations figures showed a 43 percent spike in civilian casualties from both Afghan and U.S. air strikes in the first half of the year, with 95 killed and 137 wounded, as the pace of air operations has increased. Civilian casualties caused by U.S. air strikes have long been a source of friction in Afghanistan, and the risk of further casualties may increase if the U.S. steps up operations as part of President Donald Trump s new strategy for Afghanistan. Earlier, Resolute Support denied a Taliban statement that a U.S. helicopter had been shot down in Logar province. It said a helicopter had made a precautionary landing for a maintenance issue. ",1
21250,U.S. send extra fighters to police Baltic skies during Russian exercise,"SIAULIAI AIR BASE (Reuters) - The United States has sent a reinforced detachment of fighter planes to police the skies over NATO members Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia during a major Russian military exercise in the Baltic region next month. The Zapad war games from Sept. 14 to 20 in Belarus, western Russia and Russia s exclave of Kaliningrad, have caused unease in the region, though Russia has said the large-scale exercise will rehearse a purely defensive scenario and will not be a springboard for invasion. Seven U.S. F-15C fighters landed at Siauliai airfield this week to patrol skies over the Baltic countries, three more than normally used since the NATO policing mission was upgraded after the Crimean crisis in 2014.   The three Baltic states do not operate their own fighter aircraft and rely on their NATO allies for patrols.  We are reinforcing the air police mission for the period (of Zapad). And we are glad to also have additional land troops here,  Lithuanian Deputy Defense Minister Vytautas Umbrasas told reporters at Siauliai, referring to 600 extra U.S. airborne troops being deployed during Zapad in the Baltic states.  This is very helpful in a situation like this,  he said. Tod Wolters, the top U.S. Air Force commander in Europe, said fighter numbers had been increased due to  training opportunities  in Lithuania, without mentioning Russia during the news conference in Siauliai.  The air policing mission will remain as it has been. And the purpose of the air policing mission is to protect the sovereign skies of the three Baltic nations,  said Wolters. Moscow says almost 13,000 Russian and Belarussian servicemen will take part in Zapad, as well as around 70 planes and helicopters and 700 pieces of military hardware including tanks, artillery and rocket systems. Lieutenant General Ben Hodges, the U.S. Army s top general in Europe, told Reuters last month that U.S. allies in eastern Europe and Ukraine were worried the exercises could be a  Trojan horse  aimed at leaving behind military equipment brought into Belarus. A Russian deputy defense minister said on Tuesday there was no truth in allegations Russia would use the exercise as a cover to invade and occupy Lithuania, Poland or Ukraine. Suggestions that Russia posed a threat were  myths , the deputy minister, Alexander Fomin, said. Three U.S. exercises will be underway at the same time as Zapad, in Sweden, Poland and Ukraine, and a U.S. armored brigade has already deployed in Europe. ",1
21251,PM May seeks to ease Japan's Brexit fears during trade visit,"LONDON/TOKYO (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May will look to ease corporate Japan s worries about Brexit during a three-day visit to the country from Wednesday focused on progress on a bilateral trade deal for when Britain leaves the European Union. May s first trip to Japan as prime minister comes at a difficult moment, with Japanese attention focused on North Korea s Tuesday missile test and Britain s Brexit negotiators recently on the receiving end of sharp criticism from EU officials. May will lead a 15-strong business delegation, including Standard Life Investment (SLA.L) chief executive Keith Skeoch, and carmaker Aston Martin s CEO Andy Palmer, pitching Britain and Japan as the  perfect partners for the future . She will meet Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Kyoto before traveling to Tokyo for an investment conference and banquet. May and Abe are due to speak publicly on Thursday following one-to-one talks.   My discussions with Prime Minister Abe will focus on how we can prepare the ground for an ambitious free trade agreement after Brexit, based on the EU-Japan agreement which I very much hope is nearing conclusion,  May said in a statement ahead of her departure. May will also discuss defense cooperation, describing Japan as  our closest security partner in Asia . She will become the first European leader to attend a meeting of Japan s National Security Council and will also visit its flagship helicopter carrier  Izumo  for a briefing with military officials. North Korea fired a ballistic missile over Japan s northern Hokkaido island into the sea early on Tuesday, prompting warnings to residents to take cover and drawing a sharp reaction from Abe. May also strongly condemned the launch. Japan s foreign ministry said the two leaders are expected to agree on the importance of China s role in ramping up pressure on North Korea. Japan has been unusually outspoken about its concerns that Britain s departure from the EU, which was decided by a public vote in 2016, could affect current and future Japanese investments in Britain. Britain is the second most important destination for Japanese investment after the United States, with firms like Nissan (7201.T), Toyota (7203.T) and Hitachi (6501.T) investing billions in carmaking, energy and transport.  During a visit to London by Abe in April, Britain said that Japanese companies had already invested over 40 billion pounds  ($52 billion) in the British economy. But Japan is also an important destination for British investment. Aston Martin said on Tuesday it will open an advanced product planning office next year in Japan to better understand the needs of Asian buyers and tap into new technologies.  The firm is hoping to boost demand from Japan and the United States partly as a way to mitigate against any risks from Brexit which could add costs and delays to the 15 percent of cars it currently sells into the European Union. Speaking ahead of May s visit, Japanese Deputy Chief Cabinet Secretary Yasutoshi Nishimura said Tokyo had to react to  a sense of crisis among businesses  over Brexit, and gather information about the British negotiating strategy. Britain has published a series of papers setting out how it wants to settle its divorce with the EU, and is pushing for talks to move on to discuss the future relationship between the two - something of critical importance to investors. But European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker insisted on Tuesday that the new relationship could not be discussed until initial differences had been resolved, and the EU s chief negotiator Michel Barnier said on Monday he was concerned at the slow progress made so far. Japan s foreign ministry said Abe is expected to ask May to maintain transparency and predictability regarding Brexit so that any impact on corporate activity will be minimized - echoing concerns Abe expressed in April about a Brexit cliff-edge. May s spokeswoman said the prime minister would reiterate Britain s position that it is seeking to agree a time-limited Brexit transition period after March 2019 to avoid a sudden change in trading and regulatory conditions for businesses.   What they will discuss in private I can t pre-empt, but that is our position and she ll be setting that out if he (Abe) asks,  the spokeswoman said.  ($1 = 0.7724 pounds) ",1
21252,Qatar says no sign Arab states willing to negotiate over boycott,"DOHA (Reuters) - Qatar s foreign minister said on Wednesday that his country was willing to negotiate an end to a Gulf diplomatic rift but had seen no sign that Saudi Arabia and other countries imposing sanctions on Doha were open to mediation. Kuwait and the United States are trying to heal a bitter dispute between Qatar and four Arab countries that has damaged business ties and disrupted travel for thousands of citizens in the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council. Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the United Emirates severed political and trade ties with the small gas-rich country on June 4, accusing it of supporting terrorism. Doha denies the charges. A visit this week to the UAE and Qatar by Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov showed no signs of having eased tensions among the Gulf Arab powers.  Qatar maintains its position that this crisis can only be achieved through a constructive dialogue ... but the blockading counties are not responding to any efforts being conducted by Kuwait or other friendly countries,  Qatari Foreign Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-Thani told reporters in Doha on Wednesday at a news conference with his Russian counterpart.  The UAE s ambassador to the United States, Yousef al-Otaiba, in an interview with U.S.-based magazine the Atlantic on Monday, said his country would negotiate with Qatar so long as Doha did not set any preconditions for talks. Sheikh Mohammed said on Wednesday Qatar planned to bolster trade with Russia, one of the world s biggest gas exporters, and that Qatar could no longer rely on neighboring states to support its economy or guarantee food security. Lavrov said if face-to-face negotiations started, Russia would be ready to contribute to the mediation and that it was in Russia s interest  for the GCC to be united and strong . ",1
21253,Trump attacking freedom of the press: U.N. rights boss,"GENEVA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump s criticism of journalists amounts to an attack on the freedom of the press and could provoke violence against reporters, the United Nations  human rights chief said on Wednesday. Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein said Trump had also made worrying remarks about women, Mexicans and Muslims and went on to question the president s approach to immigration and decision to pardon former Arizona lawman Joe Arpaio. There was no immediate response from the White House on the wide-ranging rebuke of Trump s repeated references to the  fake media  and some of his other statements and decisions.  It s really quite amazing when you think that freedom of the press, not only sort of a cornerstone of the U.S. Constitution but very much something that the United States defended over the years is now itself under attack from the President,  the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights said.   It s sort of a stunning turnaround. And ultimately the sequence is a dangerous one,  he told a news conference in Geneva. Referring to the New York Times, Washington Post and CNN, he added:  To call these news organizations  fake  does tremendous damage and to refer to individual journalists in this way, I have to ask the question is this not an incitement for others to attack journalists?  Zeid voiced concern that a journalist from the Guardian had been  assaulted in the United States most recently  but gave no details. Trump rounded on journalists last week, calling them  truly dishonest people  and criticizing their coverage of a white supremacist-organized rally in Virginia and the political fallout from his comments that violence there was caused by  many sides . Nazi salutes, swastikas, anti-Semitic slurs and racist references to African-Americans had  no place in the United States or beyond , Zeid said, in his first comments on the events in Charlottesville.  Trump has also made worrying remarks about women, Mexicans and Muslims,  mocked a person with disabilities publicly  and issued a directive on a transgender ban in the military, he said.  The President prides himself as a taboo breaker, indeed his supporters see him as such. But at the time I expressed my feeling that this was grossly irresponsible, because it has consequences, it emboldens those who may think similarly to sharpen their assaults on these communities,  he said. Zeid voiced deep concern at Trump s pardon of Arpaio, who was convicted of criminal contempt in a racial profiling case that highlighted tensions over immigration policy.  Does the President support racial profiling, of Latinos in particular, does he support abuse of prisoners? Arpaio referred at one stage to the open-air prison that he set up as a concentration camp, he later recanted said it was a joke,  Zeid said.  Does the president support this? These actions have consequences.  Zeid, comparing the leadership role of a U.S. president to  a bus driver, said:  I almost feel that the President is driving the bus of humanity and we re careening down a mountain path.  And in taking these measures, at least from a human rights perspective, it seems to be reckless driving.  ",1
21254,Jordan border crossing with Iraq to reopen in major boost to ties,"AMMAN (Reuters) - Jordan will open its main border crossing with Iraq on Wednesday for the first time since 2015, now that Iraqi forces have gained control of the main highway to Baghdad from Islamic State militants, both governments said. Iraqi troops pulled out of the Tureibil post, on the 180 km (110 mile) border, in summer 2014 after the militants secured nearly all the official crossings of the western frontier as they swept through a third of the country. Commercial traffic continued for a year after until Iraq launched an offensive in July 2015 to reclaim the predominately Sunni Anbar province and deprive the militants of funds raised from truck drivers forced to pay a tax on cargo coming in from Jordan. Tureibil would open on Wednesday after the road was secured  from attacks and criminal gangs,  the Iraqi and Jordanian governments said in a joint statement. Officials have said that customs and border arrangements have been finalised, with security measures in place to ensure the 550 km highway from the border to Baghdad was safe.  The opening of the crossing is of great importance to Jordan and Iraq ... It s a crucial artery. Jordan and Iraq have been discussing reopening it for a while,  Interior Minister Ghaleb al Zubi said last week. Several trade and business officials had said they had been invited to an event on Wednesday to mark the re-opening that would include senior Jordanian and Iraqi officials. Since last year, the Iraqi army has regained most of Anbar province s main towns that fell to the ultra-hardline jihadist group. The vast desert province is an historic hotbed of the hardline Sunni insurgency sparked by 2003 s U.S.-led invasion of Iraq, which empowered the oil-rich nation s Shi ite majority. Iraq has also been working on securing the highway that  connects Iraq s Basra port in the south to Jordan, where the Red Sea port of Aqaba has long served as a gateway for Iraqi imports coming from Europe. Although the highway has been secured after driving out the jihadists, the threat of hit-and run attacks on convoys and the army are ever present, according to security experts.  There have been several attacks by militants near al-Rutba town, the last town before the border with Jordan. A senior Western diplomatic said Iraqi authorities have awarded a contract to a U.S. security company that will employ a local force to secure the highway. The source gave no further details.  Jordan hopes the reopening of the route will revive exports to Iraq, once the kingdom s main export market, accounting that accounted for almost a fifth of domestic exports or about $1.2 billion a year, according to the International Monetary Fund. They have fallen by more than 50 percent from pre-crisis levels.  This will increase industrial exports and also revive the two countries  trucking industry. It s a major boost to the economy,  Nael Husami, general manager of the Amman Chamber of Industry, adding transport costs would fall by nearly half. Jordanian exporters have had to use more expensive sea routes to Iraq s Um Qasr port or another land route across Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, businessmen have said.  The restoration of trade links will also give a push to an oil pipeline project running from Basra to Aqaba. Prime Minister Hani al Mulki had visited Baghdad earlier this year to revive the frozen project. Jordanian officials are hopeful the crossing with Syria on its northern border can also open by the end of the year once a U.S.-Russian de-escalation zone in southwest Syria that includes the area is cemented. The International Monetary Fund recently said that prolonged conflicts in neighbouring Syria and Iraq were weighing on the kingdom s debt-ridden economy and the opening of these export routes would boost economic growth. ",1
21255,Lebanon finds soldiers' bodies after retaking Islamic State-held area,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon has identified the bodies of six of its soldiers found along the Syrian border in an area held by Islamic State until three days ago, sources in the president s office said. The Lebanese army launched an offensive this month which ended with Islamic State militants leaving their last foothold along the border on Sunday. Since then the army has found 10 bodies in the area. DNA tests confirmed that six of those belonged to Lebanese soldiers, the sources and local media reported on Wednesday. Islamic State militants had for years held territory along the border, and captured 10 Lebanese soldiers in 2014 when they briefly overran the town of Arsal, one of the worst spillovers of the Syrian conflict into Lebanon. The militants and their families left the border area on Sunday under a ceasefire deal. The agreement included IS militants identifying where they had buried the soldiers  bodies, Lebanese army chief General Joseph Aoun said on Wednesday.  I had two choices: either I continue the battle and not know the soldiers  fate, or I submit to the situation and find out. Their souls are my responsibility,  he told reporters. It was not immediately clear if all six belonged to those captured in 2014, however - one of the bodies discovered is believed to belong to a soldier killed in the recent fighting. Of the 10 captured in 2014, one was killed shortly after and footage of his execution was published by the militants. Another is believed to have joined Islamic State. His whereabouts is unknown. ",1
21256,Spanish archaeologists dig up more civil war dead from mass graves,"MADRID (Reuters) - Archaeologists in Spain have unearthed more bodies from mass graves dating back to the 1936-1939 civil war and the ensuing dictatorship of General Francisco Franco, including some still wearing rotting leather boots.  The digs in a local cemetery in Valladolid, central Spain, come amid renewed efforts by volunteer associations and victim campaign groups to shed a light on the bloody past and bring closure for relatives still searching for family members.  Four mass graves have now been excavated in Valladolid and 228 bodies recovered there since April 2016.  These graves are believed to be among more than 2,000 mass burial sites thought to exist across Spain from the civil war - an ideological struggle between right and left - more than 80 years ago. Historians estimate as many as 500,000 combatants and civilians were killed on the Republican and Nationalist sides in the war. After it ended, tens of thousands of Franco s enemies were killed or imprisoned in a campaign to wipe out dissent.  I hope that with forensic analysis we can find out who they once were,  said Julio del Olmo, one of those working on the exhumations.  The local council in Valladolid partly financed the excavation, in one of the few examples to date of authorities backing such digs. After Franco died in 1975, Spain passed an amnesty law in a bid to smooth the transition from dictatorship to democracy, pardoning the crimes of the fascist regime.  But there is increasing interest from new generations to face up to the past. For some, this lack of accountability meant that some of their relatives were never laid to rest.  Another similar, smaller-scale dig also took place in the village of Huesca near Zaragoza in northern Spain, at the request of a man searching for his great uncle. Two bodies were found there.   August 30 is the international day commemorating the victims of enforced disappearances.  ",1
21257,Flamboyant Hong Kong businessman David Tang dies aged 63,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hong Kong businessman and socialite David Tang, known for founding the eponymous Shanghai Tang fashion brand, has died at the age of 63. Tang, who split his time between the Asian financial hub of Hong Kong and London, was well known for his satirical sense of humor as a weekly columnist in the Financial Times weekend edition. Lionel Barber, editor of the Financial Times, tweeted:  RIP Sir David Tang, businessman, philanthropist, networker supreme. He will be sorely missed as a friend and FT columnist.   Media reported he had battled liver cancer for some time.  Tang, the father of two children and husband of British-born Lucy Tang, moved to England at the age of 13 where he said he began boarding school without speaking a word of English. He set up his high-end tailor in 1994 and turned it into a global brand before Richemont took a controlling stake in 1998. Hong Kong-born Tang aimed to fuse east and west through his business ventures such as the members-only China Club in the former British colony and the China Tang restaurant at the Dorchester hotel in London. Tang, who was awarded a Knight Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (KBE), was the grandson of Tang Shiu Kin, a famous philanthropist who founded the Kowloon Motor Bus company. Friends with celebrities including Kate Moss, Naomi Campbell and the late Princess Diana, Tang was a constant feature in society magazines, known for his lively parties and exotic holidays in places such as Bhutan and the Sahara desert. An honorary consul of Cuba and the sole distributor of Cuban cigars in the Asia-Pacific, Tang had been planning a big party with close friends at the Dorchester after doctors gave him a month to live, British media reported in August.  It is not clear if the party took place. The Dorchester declined to comment.  Tang said in an interview with the Financial Times in 2010, that he would like to be remembered by a Hilaire Belloc quote:  When I am dead, I hope it may be said: His sins were scarlet, but his books were read.     ",1
21258,Japan's Aso retracts Hitler comment after criticism,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso on Wednesday retracted a remark to lawmakers of his faction in the ruling Liberal Democratic Party that could be interpreted as a defense of Adolf Hitler s motive for genocide during World War Two. Tuesday s comment by Aso, who also serves as finance minister, drew criticism from a U.S.-based Jewish group. The incident followed a rare June apology by Japan s central bank over a board member s praise for Hitler s economic policies.  It is clear from my overall remarks that I regard Hitler in extremely negative terms, and it s clear that his motives were also wrong,  Aso said in a statement. Aso said he wanted to stress the importance of delivering results, but not defend Hitler.  It was inappropriate that I cited Hitler as an example and I would like to retract that.  Aso is no stranger to gaffes, having retracted a comment in 2013 about Hitler s rise to power that was interpreted as praising the Nazi regime. Referring at the time to Japan s efforts to revise its constitution, he said the constitution of Weimar Germany had been changed before anyone realized, and asked,  Why don t we learn from that technique?   On Tuesday, Kyodo news agency quoted Aso as saying,  I don t question your motives (to be a politician). But the results are important. Hitler, who killed millions of people, was no good, even if his motives were right.  The Nazi-hunting Simon Wiesenthal Center expressed  distress and disappointment  at Aso s comment.   This is just the latest of a troubling list of   misstatements and are downright dangerous,  the center s head, Rabbi Abraham Cooper, said in a statement on Tuesday.  These words damage Japan s reputation at the very time when all Americans want to show their solidarity with Japan, our sister democracy and ally, following the missile launch from Kim Jong Un s North Korea,  he added. Aso s gaffe came after U.S. President Donald Trump drew sharp criticism for comments that blamed  many sides  for this month s violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.     In June, Bank of Japan board member Yutaka Harada told a seminar Hitler s economic policies had been  appropriate  and  wonderful  but had enabled the Nazi dictator to do  horrible  things. ",1
21259,"South Korea's Moon, Japan's Abe agree to raise pressure to max on North Korea","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in said North Korea s launch of an intermediate ballistic missile that flew over the northern Japanese island of Hokkaido amounted to  violent conduct  to a neighbouring country, his office said on Wednesday. Moon agreed with Japanese Prime Minister Abe in a telephone call on Wednesday that pressure must be raised  to the maximum  on the North to leave Pyongyang with no choice but to come to dialogue, the presidential Blue House said in a statement. ",1
21260,Vietnam's Facebook dissidents test the limits of Communist state,"HANOI (Reuters) -  This isn t like China,  says Vietnamese activist  Anh Chi  at a noisy bar off one of the narrow streets of Hanoi s Old Quarter.  They can t shut Facebook down here.  His 40,000 Facebook followers make him one of Vietnam s better-known critics, but by no means the biggest in a Communist state whose attempts to crack down on dissidents have collided with the rapidly expanding reach of foreign-owned social media. Vietnam s President Tran Dai Quang this month called for unspecified tougher internet controls in the face of  hostile forces  that he said threatened not only cybersecurity but also  undermined the prestige of the leaders of the party and the state . But taming the internet in a young, fast-growing country is not easy, especially when the companies providing the platform are global. China, in contrast, allows only local internet companies operating under strict rules. Vietnam is among Facebook s top 10 countries, by number of members. It now reports more than 52 million active accounts to advertisers, according to research provided to Reuters by social media agencies We Are Social and Hootsuite. Google s YouTube and Twitter are popular too. As elsewhere in Southeast Asia, social media underpins business and communications as well as government critics. Some dissidents posting on social media have been caught in a major crackdown that has followed changes in the ruling party hierarchy. At least 15 people have been arrested this year. High profile bloggers Nguyen Ngoc Nhu Quynh, known as  Mother Mushroom , and Tran Thi Nga have been jailed for 10 and nine years respectively. Government critics also complain of beatings by unidentified assailants and intimidation. But dozens of activists still post critical comment every day. Several have more than 100,000 followers and at least one has over 400,000 - more than double that for the government s own Facebook page and nearly a 10th the size of the Communist Party s national membership.  We use any chance we have to raise our voice: environmental issues, territorial issues, land issues,  said  Anh Chi , 43, a Vietnamese teacher, translator and publisher whose real name is Nguyen Chi Tuyen. Vietnam tried to pressure Facebook (FB.O) and Google (GOOGL.O) to take down thousands items of anti-government content in March by leaning on advertisers, but the continued prevalence suggests limited success. One reason it is hard to take tougher action is business: From brewers to insurers to the makers of the motorbikes buzzing Vietnam s streets, social media is a key marketing route to young and increasingly affluent consumers in an economy growing at more than 6 percent a year, one of the fastest rates in Asia. For small businesses it is crucial: One new silk flower shop in Hanoi told Reuters 95 percent of customers found it through Facebook or Instagram.  You ve got kids that are building businesses on these platforms and generating significant success,  said Simon Kemp, founder of the Kepios marketing consultancy. While it accounts for only a tiny part of Facebook or Google parent Alphabet s revenue, Vietnam is a hot target for global consumer brands. Asia-Pacific was Facebook s fastest growing region by revenue last year, up nearly 60 percent. Tighter Internet controls could dampen innovation and impact the growth of Vietnam s digital economy and its competitiveness, said Jeff Paine, managing director of the Asia Internet Coalition, whose members include Facebook, Google and Twitter. Facebook did not respond to a request for comment. Google declined to comment. Vietnam s foreign ministry spokeswoman Le Thi Thu Hang told Reuters the government was an advocate of the internet but tried to minimize  behaviors that harm users and illegal acts such as inciting violence and a depraved lifestyle . China blocked Facebook in 2009 and only local sites such as WeChat and Weibo are permitted, operating under laws that ban content that is obscene, violent or offends the Communist Party.  China has had remarkable success controlling discussion,  said David Bandurski, co-director of the China Media Project and a fellow of the Robert Bosch Academy in Berlin. Tools include keyword filtering by the local internet companies and the close monitoring of big networks, he said. Even so, China has said it is investigating its top social media sites for failing to comply with its laws. Facebook has been blocked in Vietnam occasionally - sometimes at sensitive moments - but never for long.  Vietnamese authorities have tried for years and so far failed to stop independent journalists and bloggers from using the internet,  said Shawn Crispin, Southeast Asia representative of the Committee to Protect Journalists.  It s a losing battle.  That does not stop activists being targeted for arrest. Activist Pham Doan Trang noted on Facebook that some campaigners appeared to have withdrawn from the scene in the face of the crackdown, but said she would not be discouraged.  Freedom has a very funny rule,  she told Reuters  Once people know the limit of freedom they will never go back.  ",1
21261,Message from North Korean missile over Japan 'loud and clear': Trump,"WASHINGTON/SEOUL (Reuters) - President Donald Trump warned on Tuesday that all options are on the table for the United States to respond to North Korea s firing of a ballistic missile over northern Japan s Hokkaido island into the sea in a new show of force. The missile test further increased tension in east Asia as U.S. and South Korean forces conducted annual military exercises on the Korean peninsula, angering Pyongyang which sees the war games as a preparation for invasion. North Korea has conducted dozens of ballistic missile tests under its leader, Kim Jong Un, in defiance of U.N. sanctions, but firing projectiles over mainland Japan is rare. Trump, who has vowed not to let North Korea develop nuclear missiles that can hit the mainland United States, said the world had received North Korea s latest message  loud and clear .  Threatening and destabilizing actions only increase the North Korean regime s isolation in the region and among all nations of the world. All options are on the table,  Trump said in a statement. Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe spoke and agreed that North Korea  poses a grave and growing direct threat  to the United States, Japan and South Korea, the White House said. Investors flocked to safe-haven assets after the missile firing. The dollar fell to its lowest in more than 2-1/2 years against a basket of major currencies .DXY but then rebounded, while benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note US10YT=RR yields fell and the price of gold XAU= hit more than a nine-month peak. U.S. stocks .SPX recovered from a sharply lower open.  Initial assessment indicates the North Korean missile was an intermediate-range ballistic missile (IRBM), the Pentagon said in a statement. Two U.S. officials said it appeared to be a KN-17, or Hwasong-12. North Korea s Kim guided a launch of its Hwasong-12 intermediate-range ballistic missile on Tuesday in a drill to counter the joint exercises by South Korean and U.S. militaries, the North s official KCNA news agency said on Wednesday.  The current ballistic rocket launching drill like a real war is the first step of the military operation of the KPA in the Pacific and a meaningful prelude to containing Guam,  KCNA quoted Kim as saying. Pentagon spokesman Colonel Robert Manning said diplomacy was still Washington s preferred option with Pyongyang. North Korea was defiant.  The U.S. should know that it can neither browbeat the DPRK with any economic sanctions and military threats and blackmail nor make the DPRK flinch from the road chosen by itself,  North Korea s official Rodong Sinmun said, using the initials of the North s official name, the Democratic People s Republic of Korea. The North vows to never give up its weapons programs, saying they are necessary to counter hostility from the United States and its allies. The United States has said before that all options, including military, are on the table, although its preference is for a diplomatic solution. The United States is technically still at war with the North because their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty. Relations worsened last year when North Korea staged two nuclear bomb tests. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said the launch was  absolutely unacceptable and irresponsible  and that the Security Council now needed to take serious action. Saying  enough is enough,  Haley said she hoped China and Russia would continue to work with the rest of the Security Council when it meets on Tuesday afternoon to discuss what more can be done about North Korea s nuclear and missile programs. The Security Council earlier this month unanimously imposed new sanctions on North Korea after it staged two long-range missile launches in July.          In response to Trump s statement that all options are on the table, Russian U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia told reporters:  It s troubling, because tensions are high and whose nerves are stronger, we don t know.  A U.S. official denied a report by Japan s Nikkei newspaper that the United States and Japan will call at Tuesday s meeting for an international embargo on oil exports to North Korea. Securing diplomatic agreement to such a ban would likely be extraordinarily difficult. Diplomats say China and Russia typically only view a test of a long-range missile or a nuclear weapon as a trigger for further possible U.N. sanctions. Negotiations on the past three substantial U.N. sanctions resolutions have taken between one and three months. The United States has proposed that the Security Council adopt a statement on Tuesday condemning North Korea s ballistic missile launch and imploring  all states to strictly, fully, and expeditiously implement  U.N. sanctions on Pyongyang, according to a copy of the draft statement seen by Reuters.  The draft statement does not threaten new Security Council action against North Korea. In China, North Korea s lone major ally, foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said the crisis was  approaching a critical juncture , but it might also be a turning point to open the door to peace talks. The launch was North Korea s second since U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson appeared to make a peace overture last week, by welcoming what he called the restraint Pyongyang had shown by not conducting tests for several weeks. Trump also expressed optimism last week about a possible improvement in relations, saying of North Korea s Kim:  I respect the fact that he is starting to respect us.     Some experts in Asia said Kim was trying to pressure Washington to get to the negotiating table with the latest missile tests.  (North Korea) thinks that by exhibiting their capability, the path to dialogue will open,  said Masao Okonogi, professor emeritus at Japan s Keio University. HIGH-FLYING MISSILESouth Korea s military said the missile was launched from near the North Korean capital, Pyongyang, just before 6 a.m. (2100 GMT on Monday) and flew 2,700 km (1,680 miles), reaching an altitude of about 550 km (340 miles). Four South Korean fighter jets bombed a military firing range on Tuesday after President Moon Jae-in asked the military to demonstrate capabilities to counter North Korea. South Korea and the United States had discussed deploying additional  strategic assets  on the Korean peninsula, South Korea s presidential Blue House said in a statement, without giving more details. Earlier this month, North Korea threatened to fire four missiles into the sea near the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam after Trump said it would face  fire and fury  if it threatened the United States. North Korea fired what it said was a rocket carrying a communications satellite into orbit over Japan in 2009 after warning of its plan. The United States, Japan and South Korea considered it a ballistic missile test. The latest missile fell into the sea 1,180 km (735 miles) east of Hokkaido, the Japanese government said. In many northern Japanese towns, sirens wailed and loudspeakers urged residents to take precautions, sending some scrambling to leave their houses while others confessed they had no idea what they should do. ",1
21262,North Korea says launched Hwasong-12 rocket to counter South Korea-U.S. drills: KCNA,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korean leader Kim Jong Un guided a launch of its Hwasong-12 intermediate-range ballistic missile on Tuesday in a drill to counter the joint military exercises by South Korean and U.S. militaries, the North s official KCNA news agency said on Wednesday.  The current ballistic rocket launching drill like a real war is the first step of the military operation of the KPA in the Pacific and a meaningful prelude to containing Guam,  KCNA quoted Kim as saying. KPA stands for the Korean People s Army, the North s military. North Korea threatened to fire four Hwasong-12 missiles into the sea near the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam earlier this month after U.S. President Donald Trump said the North would face  fire and fury  if it threatened the United States. ",1
21263,Guatemala top court sides with U.N. graft unit in fight with president,"GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - Guatemala s top court on Tuesday ruled definitively against President Jimmy Morales  internationally criticized push to expel the head of a U.N.-backed anti-corruption unit probing his campaign financing.      The decision by the Constitutional Court ratifies a provisional ruling that the government could not expel Ivan Velasquez, a veteran Colombian prosecutor who leads Guatemala s International Commission against Impunity, known as CICIG. Morales on Sunday ordered the expulsion of the prosecutor, who has been a thorn in the president s side by investigating his son and brother, and then seeking to remove his own immunity from investigation over more than $800,000 in potentially unexplained campaign funds. He has denied any wrongdoing.  Within the United Nations, Velasquez has the rank of assistant secretary general. He is widely respected and the president s moved unleashed a series of resignations from his cabinet and a storm of criticism from Western nations.  Earlier in the day, Morales, 48, said he would respect the court s decision, stepping back from brinkmanship he displayed at the weekend when he said the court had overstepped its mandate by ruling on the case.  He has sought support from Guatemala s mayors, possibly to try to counter the diplomatic pressure and street protests by activists calling him corrupt.   I am not defending corrupt people, I am not against the anti-corruption fight, I am not even against the CICIG. Is a machete good or bad? It depends on who is wielding it,  said the former comedian at a meeting with mayors. Morales won office in 2015 running on a platform of honest governance after his predecessor Otto Perez Molina was forced to resign and imprisoned in a multi-million dollar graft case stemming from a CICIG investigation.  The United Nations on Tuesday said it was  disturbed  by Morales  moves against Velasquez, while the Geneva-based International Commission of Jurists said failure to comply with the Constitutional Court ruling could constitute  obstruction of justice , a criminal offense.   The president s decision to declare Ivan Velasquez as  non grata  and ordering his immediate removal from the country is in clear breach of international law,  the ICJ said in a statement.  Hundreds of Guatemalans took to the streets on Monday in support of Velasquez, some shouting  Take Jimmy Morales to court!  Some groups came out in support of the president and against foreign interference. The U.S. ambassador to Guatemala, Todd Robinson, told Reuters the president s moves could put at risk a U.S. development plan in Central America to reduce poverty and crime.  There will probably be consequences from the president s decision,  Robinson said, while emphasizing that any U.S. measures would have to be carefully thought through so as not to affect the economy or migration to the United States.     Many politicians in Guatemala consider the foreign-led body, which is unusual among U.N. bodies for its powers to bring cases to prosecutors, to be a violation of national sovereignty. Anti-corruption activists credit it with cleaning up government. ",1
21264,Iran rejects U.S. demand for U.N. visit to military sites,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran has dismissed a U.S. demand for United Nations nuclear inspectors to visit its military bases as  merely a dream . It also said the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) was unlikely to agree anyway. The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, last week pressed the IAEA to seek access to Iranian military bases to ensure that they were not concealing activities banned by the 2015 nuclear deal reached between Iran and six major powers. U.S. President Donald Trump has called the nuclear pact   negotiated under his predecessor Barack Obama    the worst deal ever . In April, he ordered a review of whether a suspension of nuclear sanctions on Iran was in the U.S. interest. Iranian government spokesman Mohammad Baqer Nobakht responded at a weekly news conference broadcast on state television on Tuesday.  Iran s military sites are off limits,  he said.  All information about these sites are classified. Iran will never allow such visits. Don t pay attention to such remarks that are only a dream.  Iranian President Hassan Rouhani followed up later by saying the U.S. call was unlikely to be accepted by the U.N. nuclear watchdog.  The International Atomic Energy Agency is very unlikely to accept America s demand to inspect our military sites,  Rouhani said in a televised interview. Rouhani gave no indication why he believed the IAEA would decline the request. Under the deal, the IAEA can request access to Iranian sites including military ones if it has concerns about activities there that violate the agreement, but it must show Iran the basis for those concerns. That means new and credible information pointing to such a violation is required first, officials from the agency and major powers say. There is no indication that Washington has presented such information to back up its call for inspections of Iranian military sites. Under U.S. law, the State Department must notify Congress every 90 days of Iran s compliance with the nuclear deal. The next deadline is October, and Trump has said he thinks by then the United States will declare Iran to be non-compliant. So far, IAEA inspectors have certified that Iran is fully complying with the deal, under which it significantly reduced its enriched uranium stockpile and took steps to ensure no possible use of it for a nuclear weapon. This was in return for an end to international sanctions that had helped cripple its oil-based economy. During its decade-long stand-off with world powers over its nuclear program, Iran repeatedly rejected visits by U.N. inspectors to its military sites, saying they had nothing to do with nuclear activity and so were beyond the IAEA s purview. Shortly after the deal was reached, Iran allowed inspectors to check its Parchin military complex, where Western security services believe Tehran carried out tests relevant to nuclear bomb detonations more than a decade ago. Iran has denied this.  Under the 2015 accord, Iran could not get sanctions relief until the IAEA was satisfied Tehran had answered outstanding questions about the so-called  possible military dimensions  of its past nuclear research.  Iran has placed its military bases off limits also because of what it calls the risk that IAEA findings could find their way to the intelligence services of its U.S. or Israeli foes.  The Americans will take their dream of visiting our military and sensitive sites to their graves ... It will never happen,  Ali Akbar Velayati, a top adviser to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Iran s highest authority, told reporters.  ",1
21265,Rouhani says IAEA unlikely to accept U.S. demand for Iran military site inspection,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Tuesday the U.S. demand for U.N. nuclear inspectors to visit Iran s military facilities were unlikely to be accepted by the nuclear watchdog.  The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) is very unlikely to accept America s demand to inspect our military sites,  Rouhani said in a televised interview. The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, last week pressed the IAEA to seek access to Iranian military bases to ensure that they were not concealing activities banned by a 2015 nuclear deal reached between Iran and six major powers. He gave no indication why he believed the IAEA would decline the request.  ",1
21266,Iraq's Kirkuk province to vote in Kurdish independence referendum,"KIRKUK, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq s oil-producing region of Kirkuk will vote in a referendum on Kurdish independence on Sept. 25, its provisional council decided on Tuesday, a move that could increase tension with Arab and Turkmen residents. The ethnically mixed region is claimed by both the central government in Baghdad and the autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) in northern Iraq. The vote is  definitely happening  on Sept. 25, Kirkuk Governor Najmuddin Kareem told Reuters after a majority of the provincial council voted in favor of taking part. Only 24 of the 41 council members attended Tuesday s vote, with 23 voting in favor of participating in the referendum. One abstained.  The remaining council members - all Arabs and Turkmen - boycotted the vote. Instead, they issued statements denouncing the vote as  unconstitutional.  The KRG had said it was up to the local councils of Kirkuk and three other disputed regions of Iraq to decide whether to join the vote on the independence of the Kurdish region. The vote in the disputed regions would amount to deciding whether to join the KRG or remain under the jurisdiction of the Shi ite Arab-led government in Baghdad. Baghdad says the referendum is unconstitutional. Speaking to reporters following a meeting of his council of ministers, Iraqi Prime Minister Hayder al-Abadi denounced Tuesday s decision as  wrong .   Issues are not handled like this,  he added. Sunni MP Mohammed al-Karbouli told Reuters that Tuesday s decision  would help trigger ethnic fighting  in the region and would also  extend the life  of Islamic State in the country.  It s a stark violation of the constitution and a determined move to confiscate the rights of the Arab and Turkmen in Kirkuk. The government should intervene to stop this violation,  al-Karbouli said. The United States and Western nations fear the vote could lead to conflicts with Baghdad and neighboring Turkey and Iran, which host sizeable Kurdish populations, diverting attention from the fight against Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria. A senior Kurdish official has said Iraq s Kurds might consider postponing the referendum in return for financial and political concessions from the central government.  Those who ask for a postponement - including Baghdad and the U.S. and Europe and whoever - should give us a time,  Kareem said.  Why don t they propose a date?  Kurdish peshmerga fighters seized control of Kirkuk in 2014 when the Iraqi army fled from Islamic State s offensive across northern and western Iraq, preventing the region s oil fields from falling into the hands of the militants. The Kurds have been seeking an independent state since at least the end of World War One, when colonial powers divided up the Middle East and left Kurdish-populated territory split between modern-day Turkey, Iran, Iraq and Syria.  ",1
21267,Britain asks for U.N. Security Council to discuss Myanmar violence,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Britain has asked for the U.N. Security Council to meet on Wednesday to discuss escalating deadly violence between Rohingya insurgents and Myanmar security forces in Rakhine state, Britain s U.N. Ambassador Matthew Rycroft said on Tuesday.  Need to address long-term issues in Rakhine, urge restraint by all parties,  Rycroft posted on Twitter.  A series of coordinated attacks by Rohingya insurgents on security forces in the north of Myanmar s Rakhine state on Friday has triggered a fresh exodus to Bangladesh of Rohingya Muslim villagers trying to escape the violence. ",1
21268,"UAE criticizes 'colonial' role of Iran, Turkey in Syria","ABU DHABI (Reuters) - The United Arab Emirates urged Iran and Turkey on Tuesday to end what it called their  colonial  actions in Syria, signaling unease about diminishing Gulf Arab influence in the war. Allied to regional powerhouse Saudi Arabia, the UAE opposes Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his backer Iran, and is wary of Turkey, a friend of Islamist forces the UAE opposes throughout the Arab world. UAE Foreign Minister Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahyan urged  the exit of those parties trying to reduce the sovereignty of the Syrian state, and I speak here frankly and clearly about Iran and Turkey.  He was speaking at a news conference with Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov, whose country helps Assad militarily.  If Iran and Turkey continue the same historical, colonial and competitive behavior and perspectives between them in Arab affairs, we will continue in this situation not just in Syria today but tomorrow in some other country,  Sheikh Abdullah said. The six-year-old war in Syria has dragged in regional and international players who have sought to advance their interests there: Iran has sent troops and military support to shore up Assad s rule as he has battled mostly Sunni Muslim rebels backed by Saudi Arabia and other Gulf Arab states.  The Syrian army and its allies have regained lost territory with the help of Russian air strikes since 2015. At the same time, Islamic State is being pushed back from strongholds in Eastern Syria by the Syrian army and a rival offensive by Kurdish and Arab rebels backed by the United States. Fearing expanded Kurdish influence along its border with Syria, U.S. ally Turkey has grown increasingly uneasy about the rebels  armed thrust. Turkey and Iran have discussed possible joint military action against Kurdish militant groups, President Tayyip Erdogan said on Monday. Lavrov and Sheikh Abdullah said they agreed on a need for a negotiated end to the war. Russia is helping shepherd talks in the Kazakh capital Astana which has already produced  de-escalation  zones to reduce combat in three parts of Syria. Lavrov said Russia hoped that efforts to unify the positions of Syria s disparate opposition would aid the peace process.  There were some deep disagreements in the past which led to the failure of some meetings, but we will continue encouraging the participation of all the platforms,  he said through a translator. (This story corrects day in first paragraph) ",1
21269,"Germany keen to avoid new 'ice age' in ties between Russia, West","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Germany and Europe want to ensure that new U.S. sanctions against Russia do not lead to a new  ice age  in ties between Russia and the West, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Tuesday. Gabriel said he spoke with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson about the sanctions in a meeting in Washington, adding that he was grateful that U.S. President Donald Trump had agreed to coordinate on further measures with U.S. allies.  We as Europeans have great concerns that this will have unintended consequences for Europe. We don t want to completely destroy our business relations with Russia, especially in the energy sector,  Gabriel said. Trump this month approved new sanctions on Moscow for its 2014 annexation of Ukraine s Crimea peninsula and for what U.S. intelligence agencies say was its meddling in the U.S. presidential election, a charge Russia denies. Gabriel has criticized the United States for the move, saying the new punitive measures expose European companies involved in energy projects in Russia to fines for breaching U.S. law. Economy Minister Brigitte Zypries even urged the EU to retaliate against the United States if the new sanctions on Russia should end up penalizing German firms. Gabriel said European leaders were concerned that the latest sanctions would not only have economic consequences, but could also  lead to a new ice age between Russia and the United States and the West.  Despite European concerns about the sanctions, Gabriel insisted that Moscow must do its part to implement a fragile ceasefire agreement in place for eastern Ukraine, including the withdrawal of heavy weapons.  That would be a starting point for improved relations,  Gabriel said. Kurt Volker, the newly appointed U.S. special representative for Ukraine, told broadcaster Deutsche Welle, that Washington would not forge any agreement with Moscow  over the heads of the Ukrainians or behind the backs of the Europeans.   The U.S. has made clear we fully support the Normandy process, and it s not our intention to become a part of it or to try to go over the top of it,  Volker told Deutsche Welle. He acknowledged Russian concerns about Washington s decision to consider arming Ukraine in the conflict, but said it was  quite reasonable for Ukrainians to want to be better able to defend themselves.  German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President on Monday called for Russia and Ukraine to increase their efforts to implement the ceasefire agreement. The conflict between Ukrainian forces and Russian-backed separatists has claimed more than 10,000 lives since it erupted in 2014. Germany and France have tried to convince both sides to implement a peace deal agreed in Minsk in 2015 under the so-called Normandy process but with little success so far. Merkel told reporters on Tuesday that sanctions against Russia would be lifted when the situation in eastern Ukraine improved. ",1
21270,Juncker blasts Britain for 'huge' unanswered Brexit questions,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU chief executive Jean-Claude Juncker blasted Britain s failure to answer  huge numbers of questions  on its Brexit plans as negotiators held a new round of talks on Tuesday on a divorce due in less than two years. Hours after his chief negotiator Michel Barnier urged his British counterpart to  start negotiating seriously  when they met in Brussels on Monday, European Commission President Juncker echoed the bloc s refusal to discuss the future free trade deal London wants before penciling in terms for leaving the EU. Juncker scoffed at a raft of British negotiating papers published over the summer which Prime Minister Theresa May s government said had shown London was responding seriously to the detailed proposals agreed by the other 27 EU states.  I would like to be clear that I did read with the requisite attention all the papers produced by Her Majesty s government; I find none of them truly satisfactory,  he told European Union envoys gathered in Brussels for an annual conference.  So there are huge numbers of questions that need to be settled.  These included issues of rights for EU citizens in Britain and Britons in Europe after Brexit and the EU-UK border that will stretch across the island of Ireland, he said.   We need to be crystal clear that we will begin no negotiations on the new economic and trade relationship between the UK and the EU before all these questions are resolved ... that is the divorce between the EU and the UK,  Juncker said.  We cannot mix these issues up,  he continued. Barnier, he said, had firm instructions from the other 27 governments on the phasing of talks, even if he accepted that some issues could not be fully settled without knowing how trade will work.  First of all we settle the past before we look forward to the future,  he insisted. The head of the European Parliament, Antonio Tajani, joined Juncker in piling pressure on London:  The British government must come forward with clear positions in order for talks to advance,  he said in a statement on Tuesday evening. Negotiators who began two full days of talks on Tuesday morning are also trying to settle how much Britain may owe the Union on departure - a particularly explosive issue as both sides hope to reach some kind of outline divorce terms this year so as to give time to work out a transition to free trade. British negotiators, of whom over 100 were taking part in up to five separate forums at the EU headquarters, presented their legal assessment of an EU demand that Juncker has said might leave London paying Brussels some 60 billion euros ($72 billion) - a sum May s ministers have dismissed as unacceptable. Despite the EU rhetoric, which some in Britain see as ill-judged, government officials played down any tensions and described Monday s hour-long meeting between Barnier and Brexit Secretary David Davis as cordial and constructive.  May s spokeswoman said Britain feels it is in a good position in the negotiations and wants to agree with the European Union to move on to discussions about its future relationship by October, when EU leaders next hold a summit.  We believe we re in a good position and we would like to move on to discuss our future relationship,  May s spokeswoman told reporters.   We believe that we need the EU to show some more imagination and flexibility when it comes to these discussions,  she said.  We are seeking to agree by October Council that we can move to talk about our future relationship.  Davis is due back in Brussels late on Wednesday and to hold a final news conference with Barnier on Thursday to sum up the results of what is the third formal round of talks. ",1
21271,Thailand's Buddhism chief removed after pressure from religious groups,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand s junta has removed the head of the national Buddhism office, the prime minister said on Tuesday, after religious groups called on the government to sack him over his plans to clean up scandal-hit monasteries.  But Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha said it wasn t a punishment. Pongporn Pramsaneh, who joined the National Office of Buddhism in February, had vowed to reform Thailand s more than 40,000 temples by forcing them to open their finances to the public. They take billions of dollars in donations every year. The former policeman was appointed amid a standoff between security forces and the influential Dhammakaya temple in February. Authorities wanted to question the temple s chief abbot on money-laundering charges. Pongporn will now move to a lower profile post of inspector-general in Prayuth s office.  He has got some of the jobs done. He came in to solve temple issues,  Prayuth told reporters.  I ll now bring him close to me, to help me work on religious reform... This is not a punishment.  Pongporn told Reuters:  I have done my duties to the best of my ability.  Buddhism is one of the three traditional pillars of Thai society alongside the nation and monarchy. It has largely eluded the junta s control as it has stamped its authority on other aspects of Thai life since a 2014 coup. The National Office of Buddhism is responsible for state administration of the religion followed by 90 percent of Thailand s 67 million people, but religious affairs are handled by a Sangha Supreme Council of elderly monks. Despite high-profile temple scandals over murder, drugs and sex as well as improper financial dealings, Pongporn s call for change had jarred on some monks. A group called the Thailand Buddhists Federation submitted a petition to the prime minister s office this month, calling for Pongporn to be removed to  prevent further damage to monks .   He painted monks as villains in Thai people s eyes,  the group s secretary-general, Korn Meedee, said in a statement on Facebook.  In July, another Buddhist group had called for Pongporn s removal, saying he had damaged the Buddhist institution.  Phra Buddha Issara, a firebrand monk who called for reform of Buddhism, said the junta gave in to pressure too easily given government promises to fight corruption.   Are they still serious about tackling corruption or are they only moving against certain people and groups?  he said, adding that when it came to monks:  No one can touch them.       Reuters reported exclusively in March that the junta was drafting a law which would significantly weaken the Sangha Council. The draft is expected to be brought to parliament this year. Thai security forces besieged the Dhammakaya Temple in February to try to catch its former abbot, wanted for questioning on money laundering. But police failed to catch him and he is still on the run. ",1
21272,U.N. must take 'serious' action against North Korea over missile: Nikki Haley,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Tuesday that North Korea s launch of a missile over Japan was  absolutely unacceptable and irresponsible  and that the Security Council now needed to take serious action.  No country should have missiles flying over them like those 130 million people in Japan. It s unacceptable,  Haley told reporters. North Korea has  violated every single U.N. Security Council resolution that we ve had and so I think something serious has to happen,  she added. Saying  enough is enough,  Haley said she hoped China and Russia would continue to work with the rest of the U.N. Security Council when it meets on Tuesday afternoon to discuss what more can be done about North Korea s nuclear and missile programs. ",1
21273,"Losing immunity, German anti-immigrant party's co-head may face perjury charge","BERLIN (Reuters) - A regional parliament has lifted the immunity of the best known politician in the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) party, opening the way for prosecutors to pursue possible perjury charges against her. Frauke Petry, who is the AfD s co-chairwoman, has been dogged by allegations that she lied under oath to a committee of the Saxony parliament about how the party s campaign for the 2014 election in the state was financed. The ending of her immunity from prosecution adds to the right-wing party s problems less than four weeks before a national election. Weakened by infighting, it has bled support over the last year as voters  concerns about immigration have eased. Prosecutors have pursued the case against Petry, who denies the allegations, for more than a year. Her immunity as a member of the Saxony s parliament ended at midnight, a spokesman for the assembly said. A spokesman for prosecutors in the state capital Dresden said they would await written confirmation of that from the parliament s president before any further proceedings could be agreed upon. The AfD is polling between 7 and 10 percent in opinion surveys - well down from a high of 15.5 percent at the end of 2016 but still clearing the 5-percent threshold needed to enter the federal parliament in the Sept. 24 national election. Petry cuts an increasingly isolated figure in the AfD, which she transformed from an anti-euro party at its founding in 2013 into a group that taps into voters  concerns about migration. The party soared in the polls after Chancellor Angela Merkel s decision in 2015 to open Germany s borders to migrants fleeing war and poverty in the Middle East and beyond, of whom more than a million have since arrived. At a party conference in April, Petry suffered a humiliating defeat when delegates refused to discuss her plan to shift the party towards the mainstream. ",1
21274,Digging dung: South Africa's amaBhungane heaps pressure on Zuma,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - A group of investigative journalists whose slogan is  digging dung, fertilizing democracy  is holding South African President Jacob Zuma to account over his widely criticized links to a family of wealthy businessmen. AmaBhungane, which means dung beetles in the Zulu language,  was founded by three veteran reporters to expose wrongdoing in South Africa. Together with online news site the Daily Maverick, amaBhungane in June released leaked emails and documents that they said showed allegedly improper dealings in government contracts and influence peddling by the Guptas, a family with close ties to Zuma. Zuma and the Gupta family, which has said the emails were fake, have denied wrongdoing. Co-founder Stefaans Brummer said amaBhungane, which was founded in 2010, had spent several years probing Zuma s family business dealings, and had verified the authenticity of the leaked documents.  Our very first stories as amaBhungane was a series called  Zuma Inc  and we looked at the Zuma family and how its business fortunes had grown since Zuma took the office of president,  Brummer said.  He said the Gupta name popped up in several of amaBhungane s inquiries into Zuma s family business links and the organization was well placed to process the trove of information in more than 100,000 emails and documents.  You fight hard for every piece of information and when something like this happens it s like Christmas, you suddenly have a lot of information,  said Brummer. Brummer said amaBhungane, which mostly uses external hard drives to store documents for safety reasons, had sent a copy of the leaked Gupta emails to the Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project - a global consortium of investigative journalism centers. Reuters has not independently been able to verify the allegations in the so-called  GuptaLeaks  emails, sent between the Gupta brothers and their associates. The allegations, which came after an anti-corruption watchdog report into claims of influence peddling, opened Zuma up to renewed scrutiny and deepened divisions within the ruling African National Congress. Zuma survived an attempt in parliament to force him from office on Aug. 8, but he was left politically wounded after some ANC members voted with the opposition.   It s quite amazing that people in South Africa have woken up to  state capture  now in 2017 when amaBhungane have been exposing this for a decade,  said Glenda Daniels, a senior media studies lecturer at the University of the Witwatersrand.  Perhaps the nature of their exposes were rather intense and detailed for people to follow. Maybe they have now let some air into their writing and everyone is getting it.  As a non-profit company, amaBhungane s 8 million rand  ($600,000) annual budget is funded by grants from charitable foundations and public donations. It does not sell adverts or accept funds from the government or from companies. Sam Sole, another amaBhungane co-founder, said his desire to expose society s injustices drove him into journalism. Both Sole and Brummer started their journalism careers before the end of apartheid in 1994.  During my subsequent conscription into the defense force I came face to face with the sharp, brutish reality of apartheid - and that was the impetus for my first piece of journalism,  said Sole.  Journalism, for me, was a way to fight against injustice.  The third amaBhungane co-founder, Adriaan Basson, is now editor of News24, an online news site. Sole and Brummer have won numerous journalism awards, including for their reporting on a 30 billion rand ($2.3 billion) deal to buy military equipment in the late 1990s that was plagued by allegations of fraud and corruption.  Zuma was linked to the deal through his former financial adviser, who was jailed for corruption. The president said last year that an investigation into the deal found no evidence of wrongdoing, but critics denounced the findings as a cover-up. All charges against Zuma were dropped in 2009, but a court last year ordered a review of the decision. Zuma is appealing the ruling.  The arms deal scandal lasted much longer and was much slower burning, which gave us time to develop some of the skills we use now,  Sole said. For amaBhungane, the aim was to probe the link between politics and money.  We set ourselves a target of trying to find that sweet spot of where organized crime, politics and business intersect,  Brummer said.  Politics has its good side but it has its bad side, business has its good side and its bad side, organized crime is all bad, but there is always that intersection where the three come together and that s where you get the worst wrongdoing.   But amaBhungane has been accused by a group called Black First Land First and some on social media of being run by  racist white men  and not doing enough stories on  white monopoly capital , a phrase used to describe the fact that the white minority still control much of the economy. Brummer said the criticism has not deterred amaBhungane.  We are not going to roll over and die. Investigative journalism is what we do and what we like to do,  he said.  ",1
21275,EU urges swifter Brexit talks as London seeks 'flexibility',"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union s chief negotiator Michel Barnier said on Monday he was concerned at the slow progress of Brexit talks, while his British counterpart David Davis called for  imagination and flexibility  to move on.  British officials arrived in Brussels on Monday hoping to push the EU toward talks about their post-Brexit ties, which the bloc refuses to launch until there is agreement on London s exit bill and other pressing  divorce  matters, including the rights of EU citizens in Britain after March 2019.  To be honest, I am concerned. Time passes quickly,  Barnier told reporters as he welcomed Davis back for a new round of talks. The third formal session since the process began in June, it is due to wind up on Thursday.  We must start negotiating seriously,  Barnier said.  The sooner we remove the ambiguity, the sooner we will be in a position to discuss the future relationship.  He welcomed a series of proposals London made over the summer break, but made clear they fell short of what EU leaders want to see before they will agree to open negotiations on the future free trade agreement the British government wants. Impatient with the structure of talks agreed among the 27 other states and now binding Barnier s negotiators, the British position papers made frequent reference to a future relationship with the EU rather than just the immediate task of bringing legal clarity for people and business when Britain leaves.  The UK government has published a large number of papers covering important issues related to our withdrawal and our vision for a deep and special partnership,  Davis said.  We want to lock in the points where we agree, unpick the areas where we disagree and make further progress on the whole range of issues,  he added. To do that would require  flexibility and imagination from both sides , he said. But the EU wants to settle the major separation issues of ensuring expatriate rights, agreeing a divorce bill and squaring the circle of the future Irish border before jumping into talks about post-Brexit ties with London.  The EU 27 and the European Parliament are united. They will not accept that separation issues are not addressed properly,  Barnier said.  I am ready to intensify negotiations over the coming weeks in order to advance.  British officials took a relaxed view of Barnier s implied criticisms, noting it was a familiar line from the former French minister, and dismissed a suggestion talks were going badly. The EU has already signaled that the slow progress so far has made talks about a new accord with Britain less likely to start after an EU summit in October, as had been hoped. The EU and Britain seem far apart on agreeing how much London should pay the bloc on departure to account for previous commitments.  The Irish issue is extremely delicate because of the history of political violence there, as well as the complex economic consequences of Brexit.  Dublin said on Monday much of the future border arrangements between Northern Ireland and Ireland could be solved before Brexit talks enter the next phase. Neither side expects major breakthroughs this week in talks aimed at unraveling more than 40 years of union. Neither seems ready for major political concessions at this stage. An EU official said it was  clearly worrying that we have major differences of core issues ... with very little time to land all this, even if Britain moves . Britain s opposition Labour Party on Sunday offered an alternative to the policy pursued by Conservative Prime Minister Theresa May by saying it would stay in the European single market for a transitional period after Brexit. The British and German chambers of commerce together urged negotiators on Monday to start talks about future trading relations, and particularly customs arrangements, swiftly. Writing in Le Monde in his native France, Barnier said the EU and Britain must remain allies for their common defense:  The Union of 27 and the United Kingdom will have to join forces to stand up to common threats,  he said.   The security of our citizens cannot be haggled over.  ",1
21276,U.N. nuclear watchdog opens uranium bank in Kazakhstan,"ASTANA (Reuters) - The International Atomic Energy Agency, the U.N. global nuclear watchdog, opened a uranium bank in Kazakhstan on Tuesday, a $150-million facility designed to discourage new nations from enriching the nuclear fuel. The Low Enriched Uranium (LEU) Bank in the city of Oskemen, in eastern Kazakhstan, will store up to 90 tonnes of the fuel, enough to power a large city for three years, and sell it to IAEA members if they are unable to procure it elsewhere.   The LEU Bank will serve as a last-resort mechanism to provide confidence to countries that they will be able to obtain LEU for the manufacture of fuel for nuclear power plants in the event of an unforeseen, non-commercial disruption to their supplies,  IAEA Director General Yukiya Amano said in a statement on Monday. Countries such as Iran have said they need enrichment facilities to ensure a steady supply of fuel for nuclear power plants, and the idea behind the bank is to make such supply available without domestic enrichment. Russia has operated a similar bank since 2010 but the one in Kazakhstan will be the first one fully owned and operated by the global nuclear watchdog.  By hosting the IAEA LEU bank, Kazakhstan has made another contribution to strengthening the global non-proliferation regime,  Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev said as he handed Amano a symbolical key to the facility at a ceremony in the Kazakh capital, Astana.  I am confident that the IAEA LEU Bank will make a valuable contribution to international efforts to ensure the availability of fuel for nuclear power plants,  Amano said. The IAEA said in a statement it would begin buying uranium soon, with the aim to ship it to the bank next year. The project was funded by donors, including the United States, the European Union, Kuwait, the United Arab Emirates, Norway and the Nuclear Threat Initiative. ",1
21277,"Europeans, Africans agree renewed push to tackle migrant crisis","PARIS (Reuters) - Europe s  big four  continental powers and three African states agreed a plan on Monday to tackle illegal human trafficking and support nations struggling to contain the flow of people across the desert and Mediterranean sea.    The 28-nation European Union has long struggled to reach a coherent answer to the influx of migrants fleeing war, poverty and political upheaval in the Middle East and Africa, and the crisis is testing cooperation between member states. After hosting the leaders of Germany, Italy, Spain, Chad, Niger and Libya, French President Emmanuel Macron said it was time for greater coordination.    We must all act together - from the source countries to Europe and passing by the transit countries, especially Libya - to be efficient,  he told reporters.  It s a challenge as much for the EU as for the African Union.  While the meeting was sparse on concrete details, the leaders agreed on the principle of setting up a mechanism to identify legitimate migrants who are fleeing war and persecution, and to use the United Nations to register them in Niger and Chad so as to prevent them being exploited by traffickers.  At the core of it, it s all about fighting illegal migration,  German Chancellor Angela Merkel told a news conference.  She said that Berlin was willing to increase its efforts.  If we want to stop human traffickers, then this can only be achieved through development aid,  she said. The migrant crisis has put Paris and Rome at odds. Italy has accused France and other EU states of not sharing the migrant burden and has also asked the EU Commission for more budget flexibility to help it tackle the crisis.  Nearly 120,000 migrants, including refugees, have entered Europe by sea so far this year, according to the International Organization for Migration. More than 2,400 have drowned while making the dangerous journey, often without enough food or water in overcrowded dinghies run by people smugglers.  We are all committed to reducing the damage, the death of Africans in the desert, the death of Africans crossing the Mediterranean,  Chad President Idriss Deby said.   The fundamental problem will always remain development. We need resources,  he said. The informal meeting did not outline any new specific financing and the leaders repeated that stabilizing chaotic Libya, where thousands of migrants end up before embarking on a perilous Mediterranean sea journey to Europe, would be key to any long-term solution.   ",1
21278,"Exclusive: Bloomberg charity scrutinized by India for anti-tobacco funding, lobbying - documents","NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India has been investigating how Bloomberg Philanthropies, founded by billionaire Michael Bloomberg, funds local non-profit groups for anti-tobacco lobbying, government documents show, making it the latest foreign non-government organization to come under scrutiny. Prime Minister Narendra Modi s government has since 2014 tightened surveillance of non-profit groups, saying they were acting against India s national interests. Thousands of foreign-funded charities  licenses have been canceled for misreporting donations. Critics, however, say the government has used the foreign funding law as a tool to silence non-profit groups which have raised concerns about the social costs of India s rapid economic development.  The intelligence wing of India s home ministry last year drafted a note on Bloomberg Philanthropies, raising concerns that the foundation was running a campaign to  target  Indian tobacco businesses and  aggressively  lobby against the sector. Though the three-page note, reviewed by Reuters, said the Bloomberg initiative s  claimed intention to free India of tobacco cannot be faulted  given the known risks from tobacco, it highlighted the sector s importance, noting it brings in nearly $5 billion in annual revenue for governments, and provides a livelihood for millions of people.  Foreign interests making foreign contributions ... for purposes of lobbying against an established economic activity raises multiple concerns,  the note said, including, it said, an  adverse economic impact  on 35 million people. The June 3, 2016 note, marked  SECRET  and circulated to top government officials, including in Modi s office, has not previously been reported. The probe continued until at least April this year, another government document showed. Rebecca Carriero, a spokeswoman for Michael Bloomberg and New York-based Bloomberg Philanthropies, declined to comment as they were unaware of any investigation. A home ministry spokesman said  queries which relate to security agencies cannot be answered.  Modi s office did not respond to an email seeking comment. The ministry s note was one of the factors behind the rejection of a foreign funding license renewal of at least one Bloomberg-funded India charity last October, said a senior government official aware of the investigation. Michael Bloomberg, one of the world s richest people and a former New York City Mayor, has committed nearly $1 billion to support global tobacco control efforts. One of his focus countries is India, where tobacco kills 900,000 people a year. Other than funding Indian NGOs, Bloomberg s charity has in the past worked on improving road safety and supported federal tobacco-control efforts. In 2015, Modi called Michael Bloomberg a  friend , and the two agreed on working together on India s ambitious plan to build so-called smart cities. The home ministry note said the Bloomberg charity successfully lobbied for the introduction of bigger health warnings on cigarette packs,  contrary  to the recommendations of a parliamentary panel. While the panel called for the size of warnings to be more than doubled to 50 percent of a pack s surface area, the health ministry sought a higher figure of 85 percent. Despite protests from India s $10 billion cigarette industry, the Supreme Court last year ordered manufacturers to follow the more stringent health ministry rules. That, the note said, was the first of the three-phase Bloomberg campaign targeting India s tobacco industry. It did not explain how exactly the Bloomberg charity lobbied. While the note mirrored some of India s tobacco lobby s positions - such as how anti-smoking policies could adversely impact farmers - the government official said the investigation was not done at the behest of the industry.  Anti-tobacco lobby wants to kill revenue generating activities,  the official said. A health ministry official, however, said:  We don t see tobacco as an economic activity.  He added that the health ministry was unaware of the home ministry s note on Bloomberg Philanthropies. India has stepped up scrutiny of NGOs registered under the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act (FCRA). In 2015, the home ministry put the Ford Foundation on a watch list and suspended Greenpeace India s FCRA license, drawing criticism from the United States. Earlier this year, the government banned foreign funding for the Public Health Foundation of India, a group backed by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, saying it used foreign donations to  lobby  for tobacco-control policy issues,  which is prohibited under FCRA.      In the Bloomberg case, the home ministry note included a chart showing how funds flowed from Bloomberg Philanthropies to its partner, the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids, which was then funding five local FCRA-registered NGOs. These NGOs, the note said, were being used by the Bloomberg charity for  anti-tobacco lobbying activities.  The FCRA license of at least one of them - the Institute of Public Health (IPH) Bengaluru - was not renewed in October, in part due to the home ministry s note, the government official said. The IPH said it was told by the home ministry that its license was not being renewed on the basis of a  field agency report , but no details were given. It was unaware of the investigation on Bloomberg Philanthropies. In April, the home ministry wrote to the federal health ministry, citing an  inquiry into foreign funding  for lobbying to change laws in India. The letter, seen by Reuters, mentioned the Bloomberg initiative and directed the health ministry to report on anti-tobacco lobbying by foreign donors in other countries where tobacco is widely used. The health ministry has not yet sent that report, another government official said. The health ministry did not respond to questions. For a graphic on Bloomberg's efforts to reduce tobacco use globally click tmsnrt.rs/2iD1QcX ",1
21279,India and China agree to end border standoff,"NEW DELHI/BEIJING (Reuters) - India and China have agreed to an  expeditious disengagement  of troops in a disputed border area where their soldiers have been locked in a stand-off for more than two months, India s foreign ministry said on Monday. The decision comes ahead of a summit of the BRICS nations - a grouping that also includes Brazil, Russia and South Africa - in China beginning on Sunday, which Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to attend. Indian and Chinese troops have been confronting each other at the Doklam plateau near the borders of India, its ally Bhutan, and China, in the most serious and prolonged standoff in decades along their disputed Himalayan border. The Indian ministry said the two sides had agreed to defuse the crisis following diplomatic talks.   In recent weeks, India and China have maintained diplomatic communication in respect of the incident at Doklam,  the ministry said in a statement.  On this basis, expeditious disengagement of border personnel at the face-off site at Doklam has been agreed to and is on-going,  it said in a statement.  It did not offer more details of the terms of disengagement from the area which had raised fears of a wider conflict between the Asian giants who fought a brief border war in 1962. China said Indian troops had withdrawn from the remote area in the eastern Himalayas. Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said Chinese troops would continue to patrol the Doklam region.  China will continue to exercise sovereignty rights to protect territorial sovereignty in accordance with the rules of the historical boundary,  she said.  The Chinese defense ministry said troops would remain on a state of alert.  We remind the Indian side to learn the lesson from this incident, earnestly respect the historical boundary and the basic principles of international law, meet China half way and jointly protect the peace and tranquillity of the border region,  spokesman Wu Qian said in a statement.  The world is not peaceful, and peace needs to be safeguarded. The Chinese military has the confidence and the ability to protect the country s sovereignty, security and development interests,  Wu added. The trouble started in June when India sent troops to stop China building a road in the Doklam area, which is remote, uninhabited territory claimed by both China and Bhutan. India said it sent its troops because Chinese military activity there was a threat to the security of its own northeast region. But China has said India had no role to play in the area and insisted it withdraw unilaterally or face the prospect of an escalation. Chinese state media had warned India of a fate worse than its crushing defeat in the war in 1962. Indian political commentator Shekhar Gupta said there was too much at stake for the two countries to fight over a small piece of territory.   Hopefully, Doklam is a new chapter in India-China relations. Too much at stake for both big powers to let legacy real-estate issues linger,  he said in a Twitter post. India and China have been unable to settle their 3,500-km (2,175-mile) frontier and large parts of territory are claimed by both sides. Lin Minwang, an India expert and the deputy director of the Center for South Asia Studies at China s Fudan University, said the detente would ensure a smooth BRICS meeting.  Both sides should be happy. Modi is also happy. They can conduct a meeting smoothly and naturally. If there was still a stand-off, how could they meet?     ",1
21280,Kazakh president names two new deputy PMs,"ASTANA (Reuters) - Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev named Yerbolat Dosayev and Askar Zhumagaliyev deputy prime ministers on Tuesday, according to documents published on his website. Dosayev has previously run Baiterek, a state holding company in charge of banking and finance, while Zhumagaliyev has served as chief executive of state-owned nuclear company Kazatomprom, one of the world s biggest uranium miners. ",1
21281,TPP countries consider amendments to stalled trade deal: sources,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - The 11 countries committed to the Trans-Pacific Partnership are considering amendments to the trade deal, three sources said on Tuesday, as officials meet in Sydney for talks to re-energize the stalled agreement. Among the areas being discussed, Vietnam has raised the prospect of changes to labor rights and intellectual property (IP) provisions in the original pact, one source familiar with the talks told Reuters. Vietnam had been one of the countries expected to enjoy the biggest economic benefits from TPP through greater access to U.S. markets. However, the original 12-member TPP, which aims to cut trade barriers in some of Asia s fastest-growing economies, was thrown into limbo in January when U.S. President Trump withdrew from the agreement. Trump s move fulfilled a campaign pledge to put  America first  - a policy that aimed to bring manufacturing jobs back to the United States. Although the remaining members have publicly said they remain committed to the deal, implementation of the agreement linking 11 countries with a combined GDP of $12.4 trillion has stalled - raising fears that other countries will follow the  U.S. lead and withdraw. Eager to keep all members onboard, representatives from the remaining countries are considering changes to the original TPP deal, three sources familiar with the talks said.  We re all open to evaluating what we can do and what viable alternatives there may be,  Edgar Vasquez, Peru s deputy trade minister, told Reuters. While no agreement is expected at the end of the three-day meeting, Vietnam s desire to shelve the IP provisions around pharmaceutical data is likely to win broad support, with Japanese and New Zealand officials also indicating their support for the change, two other sources said. The original TPP agreement was seen as particularly onerous on Vietnam, which be forced to make significant reforms, analysts said.  There s not much sense to agree to provisions they don t really want such as stronger monopolies on medicines if they are not going to get access to the U.S. market,  said Patricia Ranald, research associate, University of Sydney. The original TPP offered an eight-year window before competitors can have access to proprietary pharmaceutical data, which critics said would impede development of cheap generics.  Potential amendments, however, require delicate positioning.  While Trump has said he will not change his mind on TPP, the remaining members are hopeful a future U.S. president will commit to the agreement, a cornerstone of former President Barack Obama s pivot to Asia. But analysts said wholesale changes, while ensuring the support of smaller members, would repel the United States.  The more you change the agreement, it is going to be harder to get the U.S. to sign on when it is ready to,  said Shiro Armstrong, research fellow at the Crawford School of Economics in Canberra. ",1
21282,Myanmar army battles Rohingya insurgents; thousands flee,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Myanmar security forces intensified operations against Rohingya insurgents on Monday, police and other sources said, following three days of clashes with militants in the worst violence involving Myanmar s Muslim minority in five years. The fighting - triggered by coordinated attacks on Friday by insurgents wielding sticks, knives and crude bombs on 30 police posts and an army base - has killed 104 people and led to the flight of large numbers of Muslim Rohingya and Buddhist civilians from the northern part of Rakhine state. U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres is deeply concerned by reports that civilians have been killed in Rakhine state and appealed for neighboring Bangladesh to allow fleeing Rohingya to seek safety, his spokesman said on Monday.   Many of those fleeing are women and children, some of whom are wounded,  U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement.   (The Secretary-General) calls for humanitarian agencies to be granted unfettered and free access to affected communities in need of assistance and protection. The United Nations stands ready to provide all necessary support to both Myanmar and Bangladesh in that regard,  Dujarric said.  The violence marks a dramatic escalation of a conflict that has simmered since October, when a similar but much smaller series of Rohingya attacks on security posts prompted a brutal military response dogged by allegations of rights abuses. The treatment of about 1.1 million Muslim Rohingya in mainly Buddhist Myanmar has emerged as the biggest challenge for national leader Aung San Suu Kyi, who has condemned the attacks and commended the security forces. The Nobel peace laureate has been accused by some Western critics of not speaking out on behalf of the long-persecuted minority, and of defending the army s sweep after the October attacks. The Rohingya are denied citizenship in Myanmar and classified as illegal immigrants, despite claiming roots there that go back centuries, with communities marginalized and occasionally subjected to communal violence.  Now the situation is not good. Everything depends on them - if they re active, the situation will be tense,  said police officer Tun Hlaing from Buthidaung township, referring to the Rohingya insurgents.  Rohingya villagers make up the majority in the area.  We split into two groups, one will provide security at police outposts and the other group is going out for clearance operation with the military,  he said. A Buthidaung-based reporter, citing police sources directly involved in events, said three police posts in northern Buthidaung had been surrounded by Rohingya insurgents. Many houses had been burning since Sunday in parts of neighboring Maungdaw town, another journalist and a military source in Maungdaw told Reuters. A Rohingya villager in the area said the army attacked three hamlets in the Kyee Kan Pyin village group with shotguns and other weapons, before torching houses.  Everything is on fire,  he said by phone.  Now I m in the fields with the people, we re running away.  A military source in Rakhine state confirmed that houses were burned in the area but blamed the insurgents, who he said  opened fire when soldiers came to find them and clear landmines.  The insurgents fled, he said, adding there were no casualties. The Myanmar military reported clashes over the weekend involving hundreds of insurgents, taking the death toll to at least 104, the majority militants, plus 12 members of the security forces and several civilians. There were no official updates from the army or the government on Monday. The unrest has exposed the dark side of Myanmar s historic opening: an unleashing of ethnic hatred that was suppressed during 49 years of strict military rule that ended when the generals stepped back from direct rule in 2011. The following year, hundreds of people, most of them Rohingya, were killed in communal clashes in Rakhine state and about 140,000 people were displaced. In neighboring Bangladesh on Monday, border guards tried to push back refugees stranded in no man s land near the village of Gumdhum. Reuters reporters have heard gun fire from the Myanmar side in the last three days. A Bangladesh foreign ministry official told reporters Bangladesh was willing to work with Myanmar to crack down on the insurgents.  The main purpose is to ensure Myanmar can t accuse us of harboring them to use against them,  said the official, who was not authorized to speak publicly to media. An Islamist group called the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army, which Myanmar has declared a terrorist organization, claimed responsibility for the Friday attacks. It was also behind the violence in October. In a video posted online on Monday, ARSA leader Ata Ullah, flanked by two gun-toting men in masks, warned Myanmar against  oppressing  Rohingya and vowed to keep fighting to protect the rights of the community.  Rohingya have been fleeing Myanmar since the early 1990s and there are now about 400,000 in Bangladesh, which has said no new refugees will be allowed in. Bangladeshi police threatened refugees already in the country with arrest if they help new arrivals, refugee sources said.  How can we go back there? Just to get killed?  asked Mujibur Rahman, standing on the border. Nevertheless, an estimated 5,000 people have crossed into Bangladesh in the past few days, with more than 1,000 coming early on Monday, according to Rohingya refugees in camps in the border district of Cox s Bazar. Myanmar has urged Rohingya civilians to cooperate with security forces, assuring those with without ties to the insurgents they would not be affected. The government has evacuated thousands of non-Muslim villagers from the north of Rakhine state to towns, monasteries and police stations. About 500 people arrived in the state capital, Sittwe, on Monday, the government said.  A lot of Kalar were coming and we had to run away,  said Nyo Nyo Win, 52, using a racial slur for Rohingya.  They followed us and we ran and ran.  (For a graphic on Myanmar's ethnic groups click tmsnrt.rs/2wY3MSQ) ",1
21283,South Korea says strongly condemns North Korea missile launch,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea said on Tuesday it strongly condemned the ballistic missile launch by North Korea earlier in the day that flew over Japan and landed in the Pacific waters off Hokkaido.  We will respond strongly based on our steadfast alliance with the United States if North Korea continues nuclear and missile provocations,  the South s foreign ministry said in a statement. ",1
21284,Colombia halts Cano-Limon pipeline after rebel attack: sources,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - A bomb attack by Colombia s leftist ELN rebel group has halted pumping operations along the country s second-largest oil pipeline, the Cano-Limon Covenas, sources from the military and state oil company Ecopetrol said on Monday. The attack took place in rural El Carmen municipality in Norte de Santander province, near the border with Venezuela, the sources said. The bombing caused a crude spillage into a nearby river. The sources spoke on condition of anonymity because an official announcement has not yet been made. Production at the Cano Limon oilfield, operated by U.S.-based Occidental Petroleum Corp, and exports have not been affected, the sources said. Ecopetrol officials said a team from the company was in the area to carry out clean-up operations. Repairs are expected to take several days, they said. Attacks against the pipeline have left 751 victims over the last 17 years, including 167 deaths. Since 1986 the pipeline has been out of service 3,800 days, or 10.4 years, 30 percent of its life. Some 66 million gallons of crude have been spilled since 2000, according to Ecopetrol figures. The 485-mile (780-km) pipeline can carry up to 210,000 barrels per day. The National Liberation Army (ELN), considered a terrorist group by the United States and European Union, has frequently attacked Colombia s oil infrastructure during the group s five-decade war with the government. Despite peace talks begun with the government in February, the ELN has continued pipeline attacks. It opposes the presence of multinational companies in the mining and oil sector, claiming that they seize natural resources without leaving benefits to the country s population or economy. ",1
21285,Colombia protests what it says was Venezuelan military incursion over border,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia has sent a letter of protest to Venezuela after it said security forces from the socialist country crossed the border into the Colombian province of La Guajira over the weekend, two government sources said on Monday. The sources told Reuters the Colombian Foreign Ministry had given the letter to Venezuela s embassy in Bogota, although the government of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro denied on Sunday that the crossing into Paraguachon, La Guajira, took place.  The governor of La Guajira criticized the crossing on Twitter over the weekend, saying the security forces came over the border on Saturday night and stole money and cellphones from residents. Long-standing tensions between the neighboring countries have escalated since Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos joined with other countries in the region to criticize Maduro and said Venezuela was heading toward a dictatorship.  Venezuela s former top prosecutor, who has accused Maduro of involvement with corruption, fled to Colombia this month. ",1
21286,"In war-torn Darfur, new U.S. aid chief stresses need for humanitarian access","ZAM ZAM CAMP, North Darfur (Reuters) - Washington s top aid official, Mark Green, visiting Sudan s North Darfur state, stressed on Monday the importance of unfettered humanitarian access as a key demand for easing U.S. sanctions against the government of President Omar al-Bashir. Just two weeks into the job as U.S. President Donald Trump s new aid administrator, Green is on a fact-finding mission to Sudan before an Oct. 12 deadline for when the administration will decide whether to permanently lift 20-year-old sanctions. The United Nations has reported progress in the opening of aid corridors by Sudan s military to get food and medicine into once tightly-controlled areas of Darfur. Last month for the first time in seven years, aid workers were allowed into Jebel Marra, a mountainous region in central, north and south Darfur where fighting persists. There they found acute malnutrition and high levels of child mortality, according to a USAID report.  Before sanctions can be lifted the Sudanese government needs to comply with five U.S. demands, including improved humanitarian access, more cooperation between the U.S. and Sudan on fighting extremism and an end to internal conflicts.  While Green acknowledged there had been progress on all fronts, the question was whether it was enough for Trump and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to permanently lift the sanctions, he said.  Certainly there has been progress particularly in recent weeks,  Green told Reuters and the Washington Post in a joint interview.  This is not a matter of whether things look perfect on the date that a decision made, it s whether or not long-lasting changes have been made.   It s not meant to be one-off, it s not meant to be a single moment, a snap shot, but instead the product of real change,  Green added. He said dialogue with Khartoum was an opportunity for a  new and closer relationship  and could mean a significant change in the lives of a population hard hit by the sanctions.  Then-U.S. President Barack Obama temporarily lifted sanctions for six months in January, suspending a trade embargo, unfreezing assets and removing financial sanctions. But any sanctions relief would not remove Sudan from the U.S. list of state sponsors of terrorism, a designation it shares with Iran and Syria.   The sanctions about which we re talking are but one set of sanctions,  said Green.  At this point in time we re engaging in conversations with Sudan to see what is possible, and that is really all that these conversations are really about.   We will all know more about what is possible come October, so no one is pretending, or suggesting there is a magic wand and that everything changes on October 12,  he said.  Senior U.S. officials, who spoke before Green s trip on condition of anonymity, have expressed concern that once sanctions are lifted progress by the Bashir government could backslide. Others worry that if sanctions are not lifted in October the government will halt cooperation with Washington. Darfur s conflict began more than a decade ago when rebels took up arms against the government in Khartoum. The government responded with force, using militias known as the janjaweed, which were drawn from nomadic Arab tribes and blamed for much of the killing. Less than 10 miles (16 km) outside the North Darfur city of El Fashir, the Zam Zam camp was once a village that has become a sprawling home for 230,000 people who have fled Darfur s conflict. As he toured the camp Green saw for himself US-funded programs that help mothers and malnourished children.  I want to go home but it isn t safe,  said Hawad Abdullah Mohamad, 33, a mother of seven who has lived in Zam Zam for 13 years.  Nearby, under a large tree, Green spoke with about a dozen men, who complained about access to food and camp life.  Where do you see yourself in five years from now?  Green asked Ahmed Nour Mohamed from Tawila village. When he did not get a straight answer, Green persisted with the line of  questioning.  In my village or in the grave,  Mohamed replied. Green said later he was trying to understand what was keeping people at Zam Zam from returning home.  These are important questions for us to ask because for an agency like USAID ... we should be thinking about what it would take to tackle conditions so people can leave the camps,  he said.   ",1
21287,Armed men destroy two dozen logging trucks in Chile indigenous dispute,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - A group of armed men claiming to represent the nation s indigenous Mapuche people hijacked and burned 29 logging trucks in southern Chile on Monday morning as a years-long conflict with forestry companies heated up. The government convened an emergency meeting less than two weeks after a similar hijacking in which 18 trucks were burned, and several high-ranking officials denounced the attack later in the day.  We re going to combat violence and we are not going to allow minoritarian groups, which don t value dialogue, to ruin the great effort all regional actors in the south are doing to promote development and overcome exclusion,  Chilean President Michelle Bachelet said in televised remarks.  It was not clear to what extent the attacks have broader support among Mapuche communities. Many Mapuche leaders doubt all such attacks are carried out by indigenous people, saying non-indigenous groups with a radical political agenda may be involved. The group Weichan Auka Mapu, or  Fight of the Rebel Territory  in the local Mapudungun tongue, claimed responsibility, national media reported. According to local authorities, at least two people were responsible for the arson attack, although local media reported that as many as seven people were responsible.  Around 600,000 Mapuche live in Chile, concentrated in Araucania and Bio Bio, two lush and hilly provinces roughly 400 miles (645 km) south of Santiago, the nation s capital. Ever since the Chilean army invaded Mapuche territory in a brutal campaign in the late 1800s, relations with the state have been fractious.  The conflict has accelerated in recent years, with armed groups burning houses, churches, trucks, and forest plantations. It has also spread geographically. The Monday attack occurred in the region of Los Rios, south of the traditional conflict zone. The trucks belonged to Sotraser, a subcontractor that  mainly serves subsidiaries of Chilean forestry companies Empresas CMPC and Arauco [ANTCOC.UL].  The company reported $6 million in damages. While that figure is not significant in relation to Chile s larger timber industry, subcontractors have begun to register dozens of attacks annually in recent years, weighing on the sector.     ",1
21288,"Canada's Trudeau shuffles cabinet, focuses on aboriginal woes","OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Monday reshuffled his cabinet to put more emphasis on helping aboriginal people, who complain he has broken repeated promises to improve their lives. Trudeau is splitting the federal indigenous and northern affairs ministry in two, with the most important role given to Jane Philpott, who has been praised across the political spectrum in her previous job as health minister. Trudeau, who took office in 2015 promising to repair ties with Canada s 1.4 million aboriginals, said the former ministry had been designed in an earlier colonial era when governments dictated to indigenous peoples rather than talking to them.  There s a sense we have pushed the creaky old structures around (the ministry) about as far as they can go ... it could not deliver the reconciliation that we need,  Trudeau told reporters after the reshuffle. Philpott will become the minister of indigenous services, in charge of overseeing steps to boost living standards. Carolyn Bennett, who headed the old ministry, will be responsible for ties between Ottawa and aboriginal groups. Aboriginals make up about four percent of the population. Many are mired in poverty and crime and suffer from bad health, exacerbated by widespread lack of access to safe drinking water.  Suicides have plagued several isolated towns. Indigenous activists say despite Trudeau s pledges, which include billions of dollars in new spending, they have seen little improvement on the ground.  A group of aboriginals mounted a high-profile protest to disrupt the July 1 Canada Day festivities, erecting a tent on Parliament Hill. The Association of First Nations umbrella organization for aboriginals said the changes announced by Trudeau were a significant step.  Despite the negative publicity, public opinion polls show Trudeau s Liberals still command a healthy lead. The next election is scheduled for October 2019.  In all, the shuffle involved six ministers. Political insiders told Reuters in late May that Trudeau would change his cabinet to revive a flagging agenda. In another significant move, Trudeau promoted sports minister Carla Qualtrough to be the new public works and procurement minister. She replaces Judy Foote, who quit last week for personal reasons. Qualtrough s biggest task will be to sort out a trouble-plagued bid to buy a new fleet of fighter jets. ",1
21289,Majority of people in France now dissatisfied with Macron: poll,"PARIS (Reuters) - Most French voters are now dissatisfied with Emmanuel Macron s performance, a poll showed on Sunday, a dramatic decline for a president who basked in a landslide election victory less than four months ago. The poll, conducted by Ifop for newspaper Le Journal du Dimanche (JDD), showed Macron s  dissatisfaction rating  rising to 57 percent, from 43 percent in July. Forty percent expressed satisfaction with the centrist leader - down 14 points from July. French government spokesman Christophe Castaner said the ruling party was going through a tricky time, but added that displeasing some people was a price worth paying if the government wanted to push through reforms.  Yes, we are encountering difficulties, but you cannot just spend your time only looking at polls when you re in government. We are there to transform the country. Our country needs us to take risks, and we are taking risks,  Castaner told BFM TV. Macron, for his part, spent Sunday holding a telephone dialogue with his Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdogan, in which the two discussed the Syria and Middle East crisis and the fate of a French journalist detained in Turkey. Macron has pushed himself onto the international stage since winning power in May. He hosted high-profile visits from Russian leader Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump and he is midway through a series of visits to various European capitals. However, he has suffered some setbacks at home, including tough debates in parliament over labor reforms, a standoff with the military and cuts to housing assistance. Social media commentators and political opponents criticized the president after it emerged he spent 26,000 euros ($31,000) on makeup during his first 100 days in office and his office also backed down on plans to give his wife a formal, paid role after a public backlash. Bernard Sananes, head of French polling company Elabe, said the latest survey could encourage Macron s political opponents, after his party won a commanding majority in parliament.  It could mean, for the government, that the opposition mobilizes itself again,  Sananes told BFM TV. The Ifop poll showed the cumulative drop in Macron s popularity ratings since May was bigger than that of previous Socialist president Francois Hollande over the same period. The poll also showed a drop in popularity for Prime Minister Edouard Philippe, with 47 percent expressing satisfaction with him - down 9 points from last month. Macron, France s youngest leader since Napoleon, faces a big test next month when the far-left CGT trade union leads a rally to protest against plans to deregulate the jobs market.  Now is the key time, with the labor executive orders to be presented,  said Francois Savary, chief investment officer at Geneva-based investment firm Prime Partners. ($1 = 0.8386 euros) ",1
21290,"Europeans, Africans agree renewed push to tackle migrant crisis","PARIS (Reuters) - Europe s  big four  continental powers and three African states agreed a plan on Monday to tackle illegal human trafficking and support nations struggling to contain the flow of people across the desert and Mediterranean sea.    The 28-nation European Union has long struggled to reach a coherent answer to the influx of migrants fleeing war, poverty and political upheaval in the Middle East and Africa, and the crisis is testing cooperation between member states. After hosting the leaders of Germany, Italy, Spain, Chad, Niger and Libya, French President Emmanuel Macron said it was time for greater coordination.    We must all act together - from the source countries to Europe and passing by the transit countries, especially Libya - to be efficient,  he told reporters.  It s a challenge as much for the EU as for the African Union.  While the meeting was sparse on concrete details, the leaders agreed on the principle of setting up a mechanism to identify legitimate migrants who are fleeing war and persecution, and to use the United Nations to register them in Niger and Chad so as to prevent them being exploited by traffickers.  At the core of it, it s all about fighting illegal migration,  German Chancellor Angela Merkel told a news conference.  She said that Berlin was willing to increase its efforts.  If we want to stop human traffickers, then this can only be achieved through development aid,  she said. The migrant crisis has put Paris and Rome at odds. Italy has accused France and other EU states of not sharing the migrant burden and has also asked the EU Commission for more budget flexibility to help it tackle the crisis.  Nearly 120,000 migrants, including refugees, have entered Europe by sea so far this year, according to the International Organization for Migration. More than 2,400 have drowned while making the dangerous journey, often without enough food or water in overcrowded dinghies run by people smugglers.  We are all committed to reducing the damage, the death of Africans in the desert, the death of Africans crossing the Mediterranean,  Chad President Idriss Deby said.   The fundamental problem will always remain development. We need resources,  he said. The informal meeting did not outline any new specific financing and the leaders repeated that stabilizing chaotic Libya, where thousands of migrants end up before embarking on a perilous Mediterranean sea journey to Europe, would be key to any long-term solution.   ",1
21291,"Exclusive: U.S.-backed Raqqa battle should end in two months, says senior SDF commander","RAQQA, Syria (Reuters) - The battle to oust Islamic State from its stronghold in the Syrian city of Raqqa should end within two months, a top-ranking Kurdish commander told Reuters, but said she expects the fighting to intensify.  Nowruz Ahmed sits on the military council of the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) and as one of a small number of members of its Raqqa general command is one of the most senior commanders in the offensive.  Islamic State has lost swathes of territory since 2015 in both Syria and Iraq, including the Iraqi city of Mosul. In Syria, under separate attacks from a U.S.-led coalition and from the Russian-backed Syrian army, it is falling back on its strongholds along the Euphrates valley east of Raqqa, the de facto capital of the caliphate it declared in 2014.   We cannot determine the time period in which the battle of Raqqa will end precisely because war has its conditions. But we do not expect it to last long, and according to our plans the battle will not take longer than two months from now,  Ahmed said. The SDF alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias is fighting inside Raqqa s city center, with the help of air strikes and special forces from the U.S.-led coalition. They pushed into the city in June after battling for months to encircle it. Ahmed said the SDF was focused on the Raqqa battle for now and had not yet set plans to launch an assault in Deir al-Zor province, which is further down the Euphrates towards the Iraqi frontier and remains almost entirely under IS control. Ahmed, a women s rights activist before Syria s civil war began in 2011, heads the all female counterpart to the Kurdish YPG militia. The YPG is the most powerful component of the SDF, and the female unit has played a leading frontline role on the battlefield during the Raqqa campaign. She spoke to Reuters in Raqqa in what she said was her first interview with the media. She estimated Islamic State had between 700 and 1,000 fighters left in Raqqa, mainly at the center of the city. The SDF has encircled the militants and captured around 60 percent of the city. The SDF had a solid core of about 15,000 fighters in the Raqqa offensive, Ahmed said. Before the fighting began late last year, it had over 50,000 forces and has continuously enrolled new ones, she added. The presence of an estimated 5,000 to 10,000 civilians besieged in Raqqa, including families of IS fighters from outside the city, has hampered the advance, said Ahmed.  During our incursions, we try to open safe passages for them so they would not be a target of our attacks, but there are also many mines that led to the deaths of civilians,  she said. Islamic State will fight until the end, and many of its remaining militants in Raqqa are foreign fighters who will carry out suicide attacks, Ahmed said. The SDF and its allies have set up a civilian council to run Raqqa after Islamic State is defeated in the city. Ahmed said the SDF  has no plans to stay inside Raqqa after it is freed unless we are asked . The major role of the Kurdish YPG in the battle for Raqqa, a mostly Arab city, is a point of sensitivity for many of the city s former residents, according to activists from Raqqa. It is also sensitive for Turkey, a U.S. ally which fears expanded Kurdish influence along its border with Syria.  Ahmed said 60 percent of the SDF s 50,000 fighters were Arab, 30 percent Kurdish, and 10 percent from other ethnic groups. The spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition backing the SDF said earlier this month that there are 24,000 Arabs and 31,000 Kurds in the alliance.  Last week, the head of the Deir al-Zor military council, a part of the SDF, said an offensive to capture the eastern province of Deir al-Zor from Islamic State would start soon. However, Ahmed said the SDF has no plans now to advance into the province because of the focus on Raqqa, and that a Deir al-Zor campaign had not been discussed with the U.S.-led coalition.   There are demands for us to free Deir al-Zor and we are currently studying this,  she said, adding that the SDF had enough forces to capture the province.  The Syrian army and its allies are advancing eastwards through central Syria along several fronts in their own offensive towards Deir al-Zor, where a government enclave has been besieged by Islamic State for years.  If the regime doesn t attack us and make a target of us, we will not attack it,  Ahmed said. ",1
21292,German admits selling gun to Munich attack shooter,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A 32-year-old German man admitted in court on Monday that he sold the weapon used by a teenage gunman who killed nine people in Munich last year, a court spokesman said, adding that the defendant told relatives he felt sorry for his actions. David Ali Sonboly, 18, killed nine people before shooting himself dead. Another 27 people were injured. Police concluded the German-born Sonboly was a deranged lone gunman obsessed with mass killings who drew no inspiration from Islamist militancy. The Munich public prosecutor s office has charged the accused, identified only as Philipp K., as is customary in German law, with selling weapons illegally and nine counts of negligent homicide as well as five counts of negligently causing grievous bodily harm.  A written statement was read, acknowledging that the accused had traded with weapons. The defendant expressed his regret that one of these firearms was used in the rampage here in Munich,  court spokesman Florian Gliwitzky said.  He offered his apologies to the relatives and with this, he also expressed that he was regretting his actions.  A spokeswoman for the public prosecutor said the suspect so far only had admitted to the charge of selling weapons illegally. She added that evidence revealed during the hearing showed that the suspect had far-right attitudes. A defense lawyer said his client would not give any more statements in the course of the trial. Authorities arrested the man in Marburg, about 100 km (65 miles) north of Frankfurt a year ago, after contacting him on the so-called  dark net  and posing as buyers for an automatic weapon and a Glock 17 pistol for 8,000 euros ($9,550). During a sting operation, the suspected arms dealer said he had sold the 18-year-old Iranian-German another Glock 17 pistol during a meeting in Marburg, followed by 350 rounds of ammunition during a second meeting. Authorities around Europe are concerned that secretive marketplaces make it too easy for criminals and militants to obtain weaponry that has traditionally been highly regulated across Europe. ",1
21293,"German killer nurse suspected of 84 more murders, police say","FRANKFURT (Reuters) - A German nurse jailed for murdering two patients is suspected of killing at least 84 other people, police said on Monday. The man, identified only as Niels H. under reporting rules,  has  confessed in many of those cases , a police statement said, but could not remember all the details of his actions. If confirmed, the death toll would be among the worst ever compiled by a German serial killer.  In past hearings, Niels H. admitted deliberately injecting patients at two clinics in northern Germany with deadly drugs and then trying to revive them in order to play the hero, German broadcaster NDR said. He was convicted of two charges of attempted murder and two counts of murder by an Oldenburg court in 2015. Police said on Monday that they had investigated additional deaths at hospitals in the northern German cities of Oldenburg and Delmenhorst after exhuming the remains of 134 people with links to Niels H. They said he had used five different drugs on the patients, including alkaloid ajmaline and arrhythmia drug sotalol, between 1999 and 2005. Toxicological reports for 41 people have not been completed, which means the number of victims could rise, police said. Prosecutors have also charged six people who worked with Niels H. at the Delmenhorst hospital on suspicion of failing to stop the killing even though they were aware of it. Ten years ago, a German nurse was convicted of killing 28 elderly patients. He said he gave them lethal injections because he felt sorry for them. He was sentenced to life in prison. In Britain, Dr. Harold Shipman was believed to have killed as many as 250 people, most of them elderly and middle-aged women who were his patients. Known as Dr. Death, Shipman was sentenced to 15 life terms in 2000; he died prison in 2004, apparently a suicide. ",1
21294,Poland tells EU its overhaul of judiciary in line with EU standards,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland said on Monday that the legislative process overhauling  its judiciary is in line with European standards and called the European Commission s concerns about rule of law in the country groundless. On July 26, the Commission said it would launch legal action against Poland over the reforms and gave Warsaw a month to respond to concerns that the process undermines the independence of judges and breaks EU rules. Last month, Polish President Andrzej Duda signed into a law a bill giving the justice minister the power to replace heads of ordinary courts, but after mass street protests blocked two other bills. The vetoed bills would have empowered the government and parliament to replace Supreme Court judges and most members of a high-level judicial panel.  In response ... the Polish side emphasized that the legislative process which has the primary goal of reforming the justice system is in line with European standards and answers  social expectations that have been growing for years, therefore the Commission s doubts are groundless,  the foreign ministry said in a statement. The ministry also said that  in the spirit of loyal cooperation  it has provided the European Commission with all necessary information on the situation in Poland.  Poland s right-wing, eurosceptic government says the reforms are needed to streamline a slow, outdated legal system and make judges more accountable to the people. It has already tightened control of state media and took steps that critics said politicized the constitutional court. ",1
21295,Kabul mosque attack: four-year-old called to safety,"KABUL (Reuters) - A four-year-old boy photographed in a Kabul mosque last week as police desperately tried to call him to safety during an attack by Islamic State gunmen is back with his family but still suffering nightmares, his father said. Ali Ahmad was with his grandfather in the Shi ite Imam Zaman mosque on Friday when at least two attackers in police uniforms stormed in, one exploding a suicide-bomb vest and the other firing indiscriminately at the hundreds of worshippers inside. A picture by Reuters photographer Omar Sobhani showed Ali standing alone in the courtyard of the mosque as policemen taking cover behind a doorway called and waved to him. He survived the attack but his grandfather was among at least 20 killed. Click here for a photo essay - reut.rs/2wLBRG8 Sayed Bashir, Ali s father, was nearby but not in the mosque for the initial blast and ran to check on his family.  Right after the explosion I thought everything was finished,  he said.  I called my father s mobile phone number and my son answered and said:  They killed grandpa . He wanted me to bring the car and get him.   We were running everywhere in search of my son but the police were stopping us and didn t let us get close,  Bashir said. Bashir called the number again and was speaking to Ali when another explosion went off.  I lost hope. I said to myself that everything was finished. I tried the number again but it was switched off,  Bashir said. In fact, Ali had run around behind the mosque, disregarding the policeman frantically signaling to him in the courtyard. He was rescued soon afterwards but the effects of the attack may take much longer to heal. Bashir, a building worker who lives in a district with many Shi ite families, said Ali was still traumatized and having difficulty coming to terms with what happened.   After the incident, my son has some problems. He s scared a lot at night,  he said. The attack, the latest in a series targeting Shi ite mosques, was claimed by Islamic State Khorasan, the local branch of the group which takes the name of an old region that included what is now Afghanistan. According to the United Nations, at least 62 civilians have been killed and 119 injured in six separate attacks on Shi ite mosques this year. ",1
21296,Hard-right German party tells Trump to tweet less,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The hard-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party, which initially embraced Donald Trump and the populism that swept him into office last year, had a message for the U.S. president on Monday - he should tweet less, and govern more. Alice Weidel, one of the AfD s top two candidates in the Sept. 24 election in Germany, said Trump s response to a recent white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, had been   completely unnecessary  and she had only a  limited understanding  for it.  Donald Trump should focus more on policies and less on tweeting and Twitter,  Weidel told journalists in Berlin.  If I had a wish list, then I would wish that Donald Trump would focus ... more on cleaning up his own house, and being a little more devoted to his governing responsibilities.  Trump was widely criticized for at first failing to condemn white supremacist groups after a man thought to have neo-Nazi sympathies drove a car into a crowd of anti-racism protesters in Charlottesville, killing a woman and injuring over a dozen other people. Trump had said  both sides  were to blame for the violence and there were  very fine people  at the rally.  Weidel s comments came amid controversy over remarks made by a senior member of her own party, Alexander Gauland - the AfD s other top candidate - who said Integration Minister Aydan Ozoguz, a Social Democrat (SPD) politician born in Germany to Turkish parents, should be  dumped  in Turkey. Members of the SPD, and Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, rejected Gauland s remarks as racist. Gauland conceded on Monday that his choice of words was  a little too tough  but Weidel said she agreed with his general concern about what he said was Ozoguz s lack of respect for  German culture.  Weidel said that although her party opposed Merkel s 2015 decision which has allowed more than a million migrants into Germany over the past two years, it condemned extremism in any form, whether it came from left-wing, right-wing or Islamic groups. Founded in 2013 as an anti-euro party, the AfD shifted its focus after the euro zone debt crisis peaked to campaigning against immigration after Merkel s move to open the borders.  It is expected to enter the German parliament for the first time after the September election, although its support has dropped to 7 to 10 percent from a height of around 15 percent in 2016, according to polls. Weidel, who is openly gay, chafed at a question about whether she was racist, noting that her partner of nearly 10 years, a Swiss filmmaker, also has a Sinhalese background. ",1
21297,"U.N. panel urges Russia to fight racism by neo-Nazis, in sports","GENEVA (Reuters) - A United Nations human rights panel called on the Russian Federation on Monday to step up prosecutions of racist attacks by ultra-nationalists and neo-Nazis and of hate speech by politicians. Russian authorities must intensify measures to  vigorously combat racist behavior in sports, particularly in football, and ensure that sports regulatory bodies investigate manifestations of racism, xenophobia and intolerance,  the U.N. Committee against Racial Discrimination (CERD) said. Fines or administrative sanctions should be imposed for such cases. The panel, referring to  the upcoming (2018) World Cup, expresses its concern that racist displays remain deeply entrenched among football fans, especially against persons belonging to ethnic minorities and people of African descent.  Russia has pledged to crack down on racism and fan violence as it faces increased scrutiny before hosting the World Cup finals next summer. Russian Premier League champions Spartak Moscow and rivals Dynamo Moscow were each fined 250,000 rubles ($4,250) over fans  racist behavior, the Russian Football Union (RFU) said last month. The 18 independent experts, who reviewed Russia s record and those of seven other countries at a session that ended on Friday, issued their findings on Monday. Igor Barinov, head of the Federal Agency for Ethnic Affairs of the Russian Federation, told the panel on Aug. 4 that Moscow had taken measures against the propagation of racist ideas.  Russia consistently combats the glorification of Nazism - made a crime in 2014 - the propaganda of Nazi ideas and attempts at racial hatred or discrimination, he said. In 2016, officials  had identified 1,450 extremist crimes, 993 had been sent to court and 934 people were found guilty, he said. The U.N. panel said violent racist attacks had decreased in recent years, but added:  Violent racist attacks undertaken by groups such as neo-Nazi groups and Cossack patrols, targeting particularly people from Central Asia and the Caucasus and persons belonging to ethnic minorities including migrants, the Roma and people of African descent, remain a pressing problem.  It called for an end to  de facto racial profiling by the police , decrying arbitrary identity checks and  unnecessary arrests .  Racist hate speech is still used by officials and politicians, especially during election campaigns, and remains unpunished,  it said, recommending investigations. Russia still lacks anti-discrimination legislation and the definition of extremist activity in its federal law  remains vague and broad , it said. Regarding Crimea, seized by Russia from Ukraine in 2014, the panel voiced concern at the fate of Crimean Tatar representative institutions, such as the outlawing of the Mejlis, the Crimean Tatar s semi-official legislature, the closure of several media outlets, and  allegations of disappearances, criminal and administrative prosecutions, mass raids, and interrogations . ",1
21298,Hostility grows towards Syrian refugees in Lebanon,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Abu Yazan has rarely stepped out of his apartment in northern Lebanon since he was beaten up on the street in June.  The 32-year-old father from Syria was leaving a pharmacy around midnight, when two strangers came up to him asking for a light. Then they asked if he was Syrian.   They both got off the motorcycle and beat me,  said Abu Yazan, who lives near the port city of Tripoli.  The second guy took off his belt and hit me with it on my back, my head. I couldn t do anything.  His wife cried for help but onlookers did nothing. For six years, tensions have simmered as 1.5 million Syrians poured into Lebanon, equal to around a quarter of its population. Refugees have faced waves of hostility since the conflict in neighboring Syria took hold. But the debate over their presence has taken a harder edge in recent months, fueled by political leaders who say Lebanon has lost patience with the social and financial burden of the refugee crisis. As they press demands for refugees to return to Syria, Lebanese politicians have warned of rising public anger. Like Abu Yazan, other refugees say they have hidden in their homes or camps for fear of assault, arrest, or humiliation.  In recent months, most of Lebanon s main parties have united in pushing for repatriation, a difficult demand as war has ravaged much of Syria. Rights groups have warned against forced return, and refugees often say they fear conscription into the Syrian army. Calls for refugees to return come as the Syrian government shores up its rule over the main urban centers and ceasefire deals have eased fighting with rebels in parts of western Syria.  The United Nations refugee agency has not seen a growing trend of reported attacks against Syrians, but has voiced concern about mounting tensions. Reports of attacks remain isolated incidents, spokeswoman Lisa Abou Khaled said, but refugees do  feel more anxious  and afraid.   Tensions escalated in June after Lebanon s army arrested hundreds of Syrians in a raid on refugee camps near the border, during which suicide bombers attacked soldiers.  When four detainees later died in custody, the military said it was from chronic illness. Activists and refugees challenged this account, some blaming the deaths on torture.  In this climate, a video circulated widely on social media of three Lebanese men beating up a refugee on the street. Authorities detained the attackers. Syrians in Lebanon say they have faced widespread harassment. Some of those Reuters interviewed said they felt it deteriorate in recent weeks, but others described it as just part of their daily existence as refugees.   I don t dare walk down the street,  said one refugee living amid makeshift tents in the Akkar region, who declined to be named because of security fears.  I get swear words.  Abu Yazan, who came to Lebanon five years ago, said many people had since extended sympathy to his family, but hostility from strangers and the recent assault scarred him. The attackers threatened to shoot him if they saw him again.   We hear a lot of talk.  You Syrians have robbed us. Go back to your country,  he said.  When we came to Lebanon, it wasn t by choice. We were fleeing a war. We considered them our people, our brothers.  Many Lebanese worry refugees threaten the country s security and burden its sluggish economy, which has been hard-hit by Syria s war. Others say refugees take jobs or strain Lebanon s already dysfunctional public services. The Lebanese government has long avoided setting up official refugee camps. So, many Syrians live in tented settlements, languishing in poverty and facing restrictions on legal residence or work.  During a mass last month, the head of Lebanon s Maronite Christian church, Patriarch Beshara al-Rai, urged politicians to work on returning Syrians to their own country.  The patriarch accused refugees of  snatching (the Lebanese people s) daily bread from their mouths, throwing them into a state of poverty and deprivation.  Nasser Yassin, a researcher of refugee policy at the American University of Beirut, said Lebanese communities were growing weary of hosting large numbers of refugees.  While resentment existed before,  things have changed drastically in the last couple of weeks ... mostly fueled by politicians and other leaders , he said.  Yassin warned against politicians fanning the flames by inflating the actual burden of the refugee crisis.   Imagine that things go out of control, that s a recipe for civil war,  he said. It is an ominous warning in a country whose own 15-year war involved Palestinian refugees.  Politicians fret that any long-term presence of mainly Sunni Syrian refugees could destabilize Lebanon by shifting its delicate sectarian balance.      Syria s conflict has inflamed political rivalries and sectarian divisions that have far from healed since Lebanon s 1975-1990 war.  The United Nations, security forces, and local officials have all mobilized to ease tensions, said Ziad El Sayegh, senior national policy adviser for Lebanon s ministry of displaced. Rights groups and activists have criticized Lebanon for ignoring the crisis in its early years with no national policy to handle the influx of people. The ministry was now developing a policy to coordinate the work of state agencies, he said.   The socio-economic strains have crossed the limit,  Sayegh added.  All of Lebanon wants returns. There is no dispute over that.   Syrians should go back with the help of the United Nations under the right safety guarantees, he said - an issue that has deeply divided Lebanon s political blocs.  Shi ite Hezbollah and its allies, who side with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, have pressed the Lebanese state to work with Damascus, which their critics strongly oppose. Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri, allied to Sunni Saudi Arabia, and others insist the United Nations must oversee any repatriation.  Iranian-backed Hezbollah has played a major role in driving Sunni militants from the border, and has sent thousands of its fighters into Syria to support Assad s government. Under evacuation deals that Hezbollah has brokered, thousands of refugees have left Lebanon s northeast border region for Syria since July. Rights groups fear refugees went back because they felt under pressure in Lebanon.  The United Nations says it is still early for safe returns. It took no part in those local deals and raised concerns they did not meet  legal standards and humanitarian principles .  Still, the thousands who have gone back represent a drop in the ocean compared to the scale of Lebanon s refugee crisis.  ",1
21299,China says sanctions won't help as Trump targets Venezuela,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Venezuela s close ally China said on Monday that history shows external interference and unilateral sanctions only make things more complex and will not help resolve problems, after the United States imposed new sanctions on Venezuela. U.S. President Donald Trump signed an executive order that prohibits dealings in new debt from the Venezuelan government or its state oil company on Friday in an effort to halt financing that the White House said fuels President Nicolas Maduro s  dictatorship . Maduro, who has frequently blamed the United States for waging an  economic war  on Venezuela, said the United States was seeking to force Venezuela to default   but he said it would not succeed. Asked about the new U.S. measure, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said China s position had consistently been to respect the sovereignty and independence of other countries and not to interfere in their internal affairs.  The present problem in Venezuela should be resolved by the Venezuelan government and people themselves,  she told a daily news briefing.  The experience of history shows that outside interference or unilateral sanctions will make the situation even more complicated and will not help resolve the actual problem,  Hua added. China and oil-rich Venezuela have a close diplomatic and business relationship, especially in energy. This month, China said it believed voting in Venezuela s Constituent Assembly election was  generally held smoothly , brushing off widespread condemnation from the United States, Europe and others and evidence of voting irregularities. ",1
21300,Energy Secretary Perry cancels Kazakhstan visit due to hurricane,"ALMATY (Reuters) - United States Energy Secretary Rick Perry has canceled a planned visit to Kazakhstan on Monday, the U.S. embassy in Kazakhstan said, due to Hurricane Harvey.  Due to Hurricane Harvey and the Department of Energy s duty to react to emergencies related to power supply and energy infrastructure, the planned visit by Energy Secretary Rick Perry to Astana is canceled,  the embassy said in a Russian-language statement. Deputy Secretary Dan Brouillette would lead the U.S. delegation instead of Perry, it said. Perry was due to meet Kazakh Energy Minister Kanat Bozumbayev later on Monday. U.S. companies are among the biggest investors in the oil-rich Central Asian nation. Harvey, which wreaked havoc along the U.S. Gulf coast over the weekend, is the most powerful hurricane to hit Texas in more than 50 years, killing at least two people, causing large-scale flooding, and forcing the closure of Houston port as well as several refineries. ",1
21301,Exclusive: India and Pakistan hit by spy malware - cybersecurity firm,"MUMBAI (Reuters) - Symantec Corp, a digital security company, says it has identified a sustained cyber spying campaign, likely state-sponsored, against Indian and Pakistani entities involved in regional security issues. In a threat intelligence report that was sent to clients in July, Symantec said the online espionage effort dated back to October 2016. The campaign appeared to be the work of several groups, but tactics and techniques used suggest that the groups were operating with  similar goals or under the same sponsor , probably a nation state, according to the threat report, which was reviewed by Reuters. It did not name a state. The detailed report on the cyber spying comes at a time of heightened tensions in the region.  India s military has raised operational readiness along its border with China following a face-off in Bhutan near their disputed frontier, while Indo-Pakistan tensions are also simmering over the disputed Kashmir region. A spokesman for Symantec said the company does not comment publicly on the malware analysis, investigations and incident response services it provides clients. Symantec did not identify the likely sponsor of the attack. But it said that governments and militaries with operations in South Asia and interests in regional security issues would likely be at risk from the malware. The malware utilizes the so-called  Ehdoor  backdoor to access files on computers.   There was a similar campaign that targeted Qatar using programs called Spynote and Revokery,  said a security expert, who requested anonymity.  They were backdoors just like Ehdoor, which is a targeted effort for South Asia.       To install the malware, Symantec found, the attackers used decoy documents related to security issues in South Asia. The documents included reports from Reuters, Zee News, and the Hindu, and were related to military issues, Kashmir, and an Indian secessionist movement. The malware allows spies to upload and download files, carry out processes, log keystrokes, identify the target s location, steal personal data, and take screenshots, Symantec said, adding that the malware was also being used to target Android devices. In response to frequent cyber-security incidents, India in February established a center to help companies and individuals detect and remove malware. The center is operated by the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In). Gulshan Rai, the director general of CERT-In, declined to comment specifically on the attack cited in the Symantec report, but added:  We took prompt action when we discovered a backdoor last October after a group in Singapore alerted us.  He did not elaborate. Symantec s report said an investigation into the backdoor showed that it was constantly being modified to provide  additional capabilities  for spying operations.     A senior official with Pakistan s Federal Investigation Agency said it had not received any reports of malware incidents from government information technology departments. He asked not to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter. A spokesman for FireEye, another cybersecurity company, said that based on an initial review of the malware, it had concluded that an internet protocol address in Pakistan had submitted the malware to a testing service. The spokesman requested anonymity, citing company policy. Another FireEye official said the attack reported by Symantec was not surprising.   South Asia is a hotbed of geopolitical tensions, and wherever we find heightened tensions we expect to see elevated levels of cyber espionage activity,  said Tim Wellsmore, FireEye s director of threat intelligence for the Asia Pacific region. The Symantec report said the  Ehdoor  backdoor was initially used in late 2016 to target government, military and military-affiliated targets in the Middle East and elsewhere.    ",1
21302,Ireland calls for realism from UK on border issue in latest Brexit talks,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Much of the future border arrangements between Northern Ireland and Ireland can be solved before Brexit talks enter the next phase, Ireland s foreign minister said, urging Britain to be realistic in negotiating terms to leave the European Union.  British officials arrive in Brussels on Monday to push the EU towards talks about their post-Brexit ties, which the bloc refuses to do without an agreement first on London s exit bill and other divorce issues. Among those issues is the conundrum of the currently invisible border between EU member state Ireland and Britain s province of Northern Ireland, a matter fraught with economic consequences and politically complexities.  We want some realism. There is a suggestion in the British government papers on Ireland that really the Irish border issues can only be solved in the context of a free trade agreement and I think there is a lot we can do in advance of that,  Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney told national broadcaster RTE. As part of a series of papers published by London this month it hopes will push forward talks with the EU, Britain said there should be no border posts or immigration checks on the neighboring island of Ireland once London quits the EU in 2019. At the same time, Britain s Conservative government intends to regain complete control over immigration as part of Brexit, raising questions how this would work if there was a  back door  into Britain along an open land frontier with Ireland.  The Irish government, which had grown critical Britain s approach to the talks, welcomed what it called significant progress in the papers but reiterated on Monday that London now must spell out in detail how their plan could be implemented.  It s up to the UK this week to outline how the position papers, particularly in relation to Ireland and the border issues, can actually work,  Coveney said.  Many in the EU, while they accept what Britain wants, they don t see how the negotiating approach can achieve that.  The European Parliament s Brexit point-man, Guy Verhofstadt, has dismissed the British government s outline approach, calling the idea of an invisible border a  fantasy . The issue of how the Irish Republic and Northern Ireland will fare after Britain leaves the EU is particularly sensitive given the decades of violence in the province over whether it should be part of Britain or Ireland. Around 3,600 people were killed before the 1998 peace agreement between pro-Ireland Catholic nationalists and pro-British Protestant unionists. ",1
21303,Former Uzbek leader's daughter to resign as ambassador,"SAMARKAND, Uzbekistan (Reuters) - Lola Karimova-Tillyaeva, the second daughter of Uzbek president Islam Karimov who died last year, will step down soon as Uzbekistan s representative at UNESCO, she said on Monday. Karimova-Tillyaeva, 39, said she would focus on helping run a charitable foundation named after her father who died last September after running the ex-Soviet Central Asian state with an iron fist for 27 years.  In the near future, I plan to step down from my role as ambassador in order to focus on my family, personal goals, (and) projects being implemented by the Islam Karimov foundation as well as other creative, charitable and cultural projects,  Karimova-Tillyaeva said at a conference on Uzbekistan s Islamic cultural and scientific heritage. Her once powerful elder sister, Gulnara Karimova, fell out with their father around 2014, and since his death Karimova-Tillyaeva has been his only close relative holding a prominent government post. Gulnara Karimova was sentenced in 2015 to five years  probation - a measure which may equal house arrest in Uzbek law - for acquiring through extortion or embezzlement stakes in a number of companies, and for tax evasion. She is also being investigated on charges of fraud, evading customs and foreign exchange regulations, and money laundering. Karimova-Tillyaeva, who is married to Uzbek businessman Timur Tillyaev, has said she was estranged from her sister for years. It was unclear from her speech on Monday whether she planned to move back to Uzbekistan after leaving the post of ambassador at the Paris-based U.N. agency. ",1
21304,U.S. navy recovers remains of all sailors missing after USS McCain collision,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The U.S. Navy on Monday confirmed recovery of the remains of all  10 sailors killed after the warship John S. McCain collided with a merchant vessel in waters near Singapore and Malaysia.  The guided-missile destroyer collided with the Alnic MC east of Singapore last week while approaching the city state on a routine port visit.  The U.S. navy and marine corps divers have now recovered the remains of all 10 USS John S.McCain sailors,  the Seventh Fleet said in a statement on its website.  The news follows the navy s Thursday announcement that it had suspended wider search and rescue operations after finding and identifying the remains of one sailor. The navy found the remains of missing sailors inside sealed sections of the damaged hull of the warship, which is moored at Singapore s Changi Naval Base.  The incident is under investigation to determine the facts and circumstances of the collision,  the statement added. Aircraft, divers and vessels from Australia, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, and the United States joined a search-and-rescue operation for the missing sailors over an area of about 5,500 sq. km. (2,124 square miles) around the crash site. The pre-dawn collision, the fourth major accident for the U.S. Pacific Fleet this year, has prompted a review of its operations. The Navy has removed Seventh Fleet Commander Vice Admiral Joseph Aucoin from his post, citing  a loss of confidence in his ability to command  after the run of accidents. Rear Admiral Phil Sawyer takes command of the fleet from Aucoin, who had been due to step down next month.  The U.S. navy has also flagged plans for temporary and staggered halts in operations across its global fleet to allow staff to focus on safety. In a one-day operational pause last Wednesday, officers and crew of Seventh Fleet ships deployed at a facility in Yokosuka, Japan, received fresh training in risk management and communications. The Seventh Fleet, headquartered in Japan, operates as many as 70 ships, including the U.S. navy s only forward-deployed aircraft carrier, and has about 140 aircraft and 20,000 sailors. ",1
21305,"After decades of war, Colombia's FARC rebels debut political party","BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia s leftist FARC rebel group is introducing its political party at a conference that began on Sunday, a major step in its transition into a civilian organization after more than 50 years of war and its first chance to announce policy to skeptical voters. The six-day meeting in Bogota of FARC members, who have handed in more than 8,000 weapons to the United Nations during their demobilization, is expected to conclude on Friday with a platform that the party will campaign on in elections next year. Under its 2016 peace deal with the government to end its part in a war that has killed more than 220,000 people, the majority of fighters in the group formally known as Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia were granted amnesty and allowed to participate in politics. Whether the rebels will get backing from Colombians, many of whom revile them, remains to be seen. The FARC s often old-fashioned Marxist rhetoric strikes many as a throwback to their 1964 founding, but proposals for reforms to complicated property laws may get traction with rural voters who struggle as subsistence farmers. The peace accord, rejected by a less than 1 percent margin in a referendum before being modified and enacted, awards the FARC s party 10 automatic seats in Congress through 2026, but the group may campaign for others. In a sight that would have been unthinkable just a few years ago, FARC delegates arrived by bus to the center of the capital, escorted by police on motorcycles.  From this event on, we will transform into a new, exclusively political group that will carry out its activity by legal means,  FARC leader Rodrigo Londono, who is known by his nom de guerre Timochenko, told hundreds of attendees at the event center in Bogota.  We have in front of us many challenges and many difficulties,  Londono said.  Nothing is easy in politics.   Rural improvements will remain a focus for the party, he added. Many delegates wore conference t-shirts with the slogan  A new party for a new country  and carried branded tote bags. A painting featuring images of Cuban revolutionary leaders Fidel Castro and Ernesto  Che  Guevara, deceased Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez and Jesus Christ was on display. The party will initially be called the Revolutionary Alternative Force of Colombia, preserving the FARC initials in Spanish. Both legislative and presidential elections will take place in 2018. It is not yet clear in which races the FARC will run candidates.   I think the FARC will try for a regional consolidation, using the presence and influence they have in certain provinces,  said Catalina Jimenez, politics professor at Externado University.  At a national level, they need a large amount of votes they still don t have.  The FARC is open to coalitions, the group said this week. Fractured by infighting, leftist parties have long struggled in conservative-leaning Colombia, despite some success in winning urban positions. Widespread corruption scandals will probably be a top issue for the crowded field of 2018 presidential candidates. Campaigns are also likely to focus on proposals to improve the daily lives of Colombians, many of whom say they desperately need better security, public education and healthcare. The FARC says the government of President Juan Manuel Santos, which gives a certain amount of regulated funding to each party, should help carry the costs of the conference, given the rebels have handed over their assets as reparations for victims of the war. But while the peace deal is the cornerstone of Santos  legacy, the government has raised doubts about the veracity of the rebels  $324 million asset list. The government said this week that it was forming a commission to verify that the FARC had included all profits it may have earned from extortion, ransoms and drug trafficking, and the group must play by the same rules as any other party.  ",1
21306,Father of Philippine Islamist militant leaders dies in government custody,"MANILA (Reuters) - The father of the leaders of the pro-Islamic State Maute group that seized control of a southern Philippine town in May died while in government custody, authorities said on Sunday. Cayamora Maute was taken to a hospital on Sunday afternoon after his blood pressure rose but he died along the way, the Philippines  prison bureau said. The May 23 occupation of Marawi City by the Maute group, led by his two sons and which has pledged allegiance to Islamic State, triggered a brutal urban battle with military forces that entered its fourth month last week. It has raised concern that Islamic State, on a back foot in Syria and Iraq, is building a regional base on the Philippine island of Mindanao that could pose a threat to neighboring Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore too. More than 700 people, including 130 soldiers, have been killed since the militants, aided by foreign fighters from Indonesia, Malaysia and the Middle East, seized control of city of 200,000.       Maute had several ailments when he was taken into custody in June, including diabetes and hypertension, Xavier Solda, spokesman at the Bureau of Jail and Management and Penology told reporters.  The extent of his involvement in the group is not immediately clear but when he was arrested in June, a military spokesman expressed hope he could persuade his sons to stop fighting and surrender.       This is an unfortunate incident for his family, but more so to the victims of terrorism in Marawi and their relatives who are awaiting justice and expecting that Cayamora would answer and atone for his involvement in the Marawi rebellion,  Armed Forces Chief of Staff General Eduaro A o said in a statement. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has extended martial law on the southern island of Mindanao until the end of the year, to give him time to crush the rebel movement. ",1
21307,Merkel has no regrets over refugee policy despite political cost,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she has no regrets about her 2015 decision to open the country s borders to hundreds of thousands of refugees and added she will not be deterred from campaigning by angry hecklers. In an interview with the Welt am Sonntag newspaper on Sunday, Merkel denied she had made any mistakes with her open-door policy even though the arrival of a million refugees over the last two years from Syria and Iraq opened deep rifts in her conservative party and depressed its support.    Four weeks before the Sept. 24 election, an Emnid opinion poll on Sunday showed Merkel s conservatives would win 38 percent, or 15 points ahead of the center-left Social Democrats (SPD). That is up from 32 percent in February but well below the 41.5 percent her party won in the last election in 2013.  I d make all the important decisions of 2015 the same way again,  Merkel said.  It was an extraordinary situation and I made my decision based on what I thought was right from a political and humanitarian standpoint.  Those kinds of extraordinary situations happen every once in a while in a country s history,  she added.  The head of government has to act and I did.  Her decision to open the borders contributed to a surge in support for the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party, which pollsters say could win up to 10 percent in the September election. Merkel, seeing a fourth term, has had to contend with loud and sustained heckling from demonstrators strongly opposed to her refugee policies so far on the campaign trail. The volume and intensity of the protests have been especially strong in her home region in formerly communist eastern Germany. But the 63-year-chancellor said she would not be kept away from areas where animosity towards her runs high.  We re a democracy and everyone can freely express themselves in public the way they want,  she said.  It s important that we don t go out of our way to avoid certain areas only because there are a bunch of people screaming.  Support for Merkel and her party has recovered somewhat after the influx of refugees slowed in 2016 to 280,000 and fell even further to about 106,000 in the first seven months of this year.  Merkel said it was unfair that Greece and Italy were left on their own carrying the full burden of the refugee crisis  simply because of their geography . She added she would not stop pushing for the fair distribution of refugees across the European Union.  That some countries refuse to accept any refugees is not on. That contradicts the spirit of Europe. We ll overcome that. It will take time and patience but we will succeed.  ",1
21308,"Dozens killed, wounded by car bomb in Afghan province","KABUL (Reuters) - As many as 13 people, including both Afghan army soldiers and civilians, were killed and 18 wounded by a car bomb in the southern province of Helmand on Sunday, officials said. Omar Zwak, the Helmand governor s spokesman who gave the casualty figures, said the attack occurred in a market in Nawa, a district in the center of the province, which has seen heavy fighting in recent weeks as government forces have battled for control with Taliban insurgents. Afghan forces said they had retaken Nawa district in July but there has been continued fighting in the area since. There was no claim of responsibility and no immediate comment from the Taliban, which has carried out regular suicide attacks in Helmand, where it controls much of the area outside the provincial capital Lashkar Gah. The hospital in Lashkar Gah run by the Italian aid group Emergency said it had received 3 dead and 19 wounded while Bost Hospital, another facility, said it had received 10 wounded. It was unclear whether any of the wounded had died after being taken to the hospitals. The attack comes just days after a suicide bomber in Lashkar Gah killed at least seven people and wounded 40 as the Taliban continued its push to restore strict Islamic rule to Afghanistan and drive out foreign forces backing the government in Kabul. U.S. President Donald Trump last week announced a stepped-up military campaign against Taliban insurgents who have gained ground steadily in Afghanistan since a NATO-led coalition ended its main combat mission in 2014.  ",1
21309,Canadian pastor escaped execution due to foreign citizenship: CBC,"TORONTO (Reuters) - A Canadian pastor whom North Korea released this month after two years of imprisonment escaped execution and torture during his captivity because of his nationality, he told CBC News in his first interview since his return. Hyeon Soo Lim, the pastor from Toronto, said in an interview broadcast on Saturday that he was never harmed and that he would not hesitate to go back to North Korea if the country allowed him. A transcript of the interview was posted on the Canadian public broadcaster s website.  If I m just Korean, maybe they kill me,  Lim said.  I m Canadian so they cannot, because they cannot kill the foreigners.   Lim, formerly the senior pastor at one of Canada s largest churches, had disappeared on a mission to North Korea in early 2015. He was sentenced to hard labor for life in December 2015 on charges of attempting to overthrow the Pyongyang regime. He said North Korea treated him well despite forcing him to dig holes and break coal by hand all day in a labor camp. Lim told CBC News that he was  coached and coerced  into confessing that he traveled under the guise of humanitarian work as part of a  subversive plot  to overthrow the government and set up a religious state. North Korea let him go on humanitarian grounds. The announcement came during heightened tensions between Washington and Pyongyang, although authorities have not said there was any connection between his release and efforts to defuse the standoff over North Korea s nuclear program. Lim said he felt no anger at the Kim Jong Un regime for sentencing him to prison.  No, I thanked North Korea,  he said.  I forgive them.   ",1
21310,"After deadly protests, Indian states in lockdown for 'godman's' rape sentencing","NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India is deploying thousands of riot police and shutting down internet services in two northern states, as it prepares for the sentencing on Monday of a self-styled  godman  whose followers went on the rampage after he was convicted of rape on Friday. Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh s cult Dera Sacha Sauda has a vast rural following in Punjab and Haryana states, where frenzied mobs burned down gas stations and train stations and torched vehicles after a local court found him guilty of raping two women in a 2002 case. At least 38 people were killed and more than 200 injured in the violence in Haryana, officials said, drawing sharp criticism for the state government run by Prime Minister Narendra Modi s Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). The case has also highlighted the Indian heartland s fascination with spiritual gurus, who enjoy immense political clout for their ability to mobilize millions of followers frustrated by the shortcomings of the state. Security forces have cordoned off a jail in Rohtak city, 70 km (44 miles) from New Delhi, where Singh - also known as the guru of bling for the clothes he wears in the movies he has starred in - is being held. The judge who convicted Singh will hold a special hearing inside the prison in Rohtak around 2.30 pm local time (0900 GMT) on Monday to decide the punishment, in a move that officials hope will prevent his followers from gathering in the streets like they did on Friday. Singh faces a minimum of seven years in prison. The town of Sirsa, home to Dera s headquarters, is already under lockdown, BS Sandhu, Haryana s police chief, told Reuters. School and colleges have been ordered shut, the government said.  We re fully prepared, we have a contingency plan in place,   Sandhu said, adding that more than 10,000 police would patrol the state as it awaits Singh s sentencing. Neighboring Punjab, where violence was sporadic, has summoned more than 8,000 paramilitary and police, banned large gatherings and switched off mobile internet connections across the state until Tuesday, its top administrator said.  Our intelligence reports caution that there could be arson and some other incidents,  Karan Avtar Singh, the chief secretary to Punjab government, told Reuters. In godman Singh s two films,  Messenger of God  and its sequel, there are sequences in which he fights off villains and tosses burning motorbikes into the air. In his spiritual avatar, Singh dresses in plain white traditional clothes, giving sermons or planting trees. In the movies he dons bejeweled costumes, rides motorbikes and sends bad guys flying. The Haryana government has faced severe criticism from opposition Congress and a state court for failing to stop the rioting and vandalism. Singh, whose verified Twitter profile calls him a saint, philanthropist, sportsman, actor, singer, movie director, writer, lyricists, and autobiographer, has been photographed with senior BJP leaders including Haryana chief minister Manohar Lal Khattar. Last year a Haryana minister announced the state would donate 5 million Indian rupees ($78,000) to Singh s Dera to promote sports. Bir Kumar Yadav, BJP s Haryana spokesman, said the party had been associated with Singh only in his capacity as a social worker who had spread awareness about public sanitation and cleanliness. Modi also weighed in on Sunday, vowing tough action against anyone trying to break the law.  I want to assure my countrymen that people who take the law into their own hands and are on the path of violent suppression - whether it is a person or a group - neither this country nor any government will tolerate it,  he said in his monthly radio address, without directly mentioning the recent violence. Singh s conviction in a rape case is the latest in a series of cases involving spiritual leaders who have been accused of sexually abusing followers, amassing untaxed money and finding favor with politicians. Besides the rape charges, he is also under investigation over allegations that he convinced 400 of his male followers to undergo castration, allegations he denies.     ($1 = 64.0000 Indian rupees) ",1
21311,Three missing after Japan military helicopter loses contact over Sea of Japan,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan s Defense Ministry on Sunday said it was searching for three crew members of a Maritime Self-Defense Force (MSDF) helicopter in the Sea of Japan after contact was lost with the chopper. One crew member had been rescued uninjured. The ministry said the SH-60J anti-submarine warfare helicopter lost contact around 90 km (56 miles) off the coast of Aomori Prefecture late on Saturday. It said the flight data recorder had been located, but did not say what had actually happened to the helicopter, whether it crashed or ditched into the sea. The MSDF has launched an investigation into the incident. Earlier this month, four Japanese crew members were injured after their CH-101 chopper crashed on land during a training exercise at Iwakuni Air Base in Yamaguchi Prefecture in western Japan.  ",1
21312,Thousands of Rohingya flee for Bangladesh as fresh violence erupts in Myanmar,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh/YANGON (Reuters) - Thousands of Rohingya Muslims fleeing violence in Myanmar are trying to cross the border with Bangladesh, Bangladeshi security officials said on Saturday, as fresh fighting erupted in Myanmar s northwestern Rakhine state.  The death toll from widespread attacks staged by Rohingya insurgents on Friday has climbed to 96, including nearly 80 insurgents and 12 members of the security forces, the government said, prompting it to evacuate staff and villagers from some areas. The attacks marked a dramatic escalation of a conflict that has simmered since last October, when a similar offensive prompted a major military sweep beset by allegations of serious human rights abuses. The treatment of approximately 1.1 million Muslim Rohingya in mainly Buddhist Myanmar has emerged as the biggest challenge for national leader Aung San Suu Kyi, who late on Friday condemned the morning raids - in which insurgents wielding guns, sticks and homemade bombs assaulted 30 police stations and an army base. The Nobel Peace Prize laureate has been accused by some Western critics of not speaking out for the long-persecuted Muslim minority, and of defending the army s counteroffensive after the October attacks. Some 3,000 Rohingya arrived at the Naf river separating Myanmar and Bangladesh on Saturday, Manzurul Hassan Khan, a Bangladeshi border guard commander, told Reuters.  About 500 Rohingya, mostly women and children, spent the last night in a marshy area waiting to cross over,  said Khan.  We protected them the whole night. Today they went back.  Reuters reporters saw hundreds of Rohingya crossing into Bangladesh near the border village of Gumdhum as gun shots could be heard from the Myanmar side. They could be seen squatting in a marshy area, hiding in the bushes from border guards.  We managed to escape the shooting in Myanmar and tried to enter Bangladesh. We waited all night after we were pushed backed by Bangladesh border guards last night. This morning, we managed to enter somehow,  said Hamid Hossain, 42, who crossed into Bangladesh on Saturday with a group of three families. A 25-year-old man whose relatives said he had been shot by Myanmar security forces on Friday died as he was carried to Bangladesh for treatment. He was buried near a refugee camp close to the border on Saturday, according to camp resident Mohammed Shafi, who said he witnessed the burial. Bangladesh s foreign ministry on Saturday said it was concerned that thousands of  unarmed Myanmar nationals  had assembled near the border to enter the country.  Rohingya have been fleeing Myanmar to Bangladesh since the early 1990s and there are now around 400,000 in the country, where they are a source of tension between the two nations who both regard them as the other country s citizens.  In Myanmar, the government said there had been several large clashes involving hundreds of Rohingya across northwestern Rakhine on Saturday. The fiercest fighting took place on the outskirts of the major town of Maungdaw, near the Alodaw Pyae Buddhist monastery. Maungdaw resident Nay Myo Lin, 27, told Reuters by telephone that security forces opened fire on scores of what appeared to be Muslim men with guns near the monastery.  Police shot at them to break up the group and then the men shot back in the direction of the entrance gate of the city,  said Nay Myo Lin.  As the fighting went on throughout the day, I was stuck in the monastery and didn t dare to go out. When the sound of gunshots stopped, I ran to my house,  he said. Fearful Rakhine Buddhist residents in Maungdaw town gathered in homes while men stood guard by the windows, said Ohmar Lin, a female resident of the town.  We don t go out of the house, but I am ready to fight - we are prepared with knives and sticks to protect ourselves if they come here,  she said. The United Nations security team has sent an internal update to staff about the clashes, seen by Reuters, saying that Myanmar government officials had assured the U.N.  about their readiness to provide troops to secure our compounds if it becomes necessary . The government said in a statement that:  Extremist Bengali terrorists are attacking using man-made mines ... swords, sticks, guns. They also killed Islamic religious people of their own faith who were village administrators.  The term  Bengali  is seen as derogatory by many Rohingya as it implies they are illegal immigrants from Bangladesh, although many can trace family in Myanmar for generations. The Myanmar army operation last year was heavily criticised internationally amid reports of civilian killings, rape and arson that a United Nations investigation said probably constituted crimes against humanity. Suu Kyi is blocking the U.N.-mandated probe into the allegations. Aid workers and monitors worry that the latest attacks, across a wider area than October s violence, will spark an even more aggressive army response and trigger communal clashes between Muslims and Buddhist ethnic Rakhines. Nearly 200 people were killed and around 140,000 displaced in communal violence in the state in 2012. In a statement late on Friday, Suu Kyi  strongly condemned   brutal attacks by terrorists on security forces in Rakhine State .  I would like to commend the members of the police and security forces who have acted with great courage in the face of many challenges,  she added. The government said it had evacuated officials, teachers and hundreds of villagers to army bases and main police stations.  Some will be evacuated by helicopters and some will be taken out by the security forces,  a military source based in Rakhine told Reuters. The Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) which instigated the October attacks claimed responsibility for the offensive, presenting it as a defence against the Myanmar army. Myanmar declared ARSA, previously known as Harakah al-Yaqin,  a terrorist organisation in the wake of the attacks. ",1
21313,New law needed to allow torture victims to sue Afghan government: activists,"KABUL (Reuters) - Human rights activists are urging Afganistan s President Ashraf Ghani to expand anti-torture laws enacted months ago to allow victims abused by security forces to seek restitution and compensation. A  Redress Annex  attached to the anti-torture law would allow victims to take the government to civil court, something not currently allowed under the law, say activists. The annex has been drafted and its backers hope Ghani will sign a decree making it an official part of the law. A spokesman for Ghani s office did not respond to requests for comment. As of now, it is up to the government to investigate and prosecute members of its own security forces who are accused of torture, something activists and investigators say is rare.  The pervasiveness of torture in Afghanistan makes its criminalization and the prosecution of alleged torturers an urgent priority,  Human Rights Watch senior researcher Patricia Gossman wrote in a post calling for the annex to be enacted.  But the government also needs to enshrine in law the rights of torture victims to redress for their suffering.  If prosecutors delay,  a compensation system would create a new avenue for holding the government accountable,  she said.    Human rights investigators have praised recent moves by Ghani s administration to criminalize torture, but at a practical level reports of torture continue to be widespread. In April, a U.N. report said measures by the government had failed to reduce torture, with nearly 40 percent of conflict-related detainees interviewed by the investigators reporting that they had been tortured or mistreated by Afghan security forces, mostly the police and intelligence services. Among the methods described in the report were severe beatings to the body and soles of the feet with sticks, plastic pipes or cables, electric shocks, including to the genitals, prolonged suspension by the arms, and suffocation. Allowing victims to sue in civil court would ensure that they receive compensation and create a public record of torture cases, said Shaharzad Akbar, a civil society activist who works on anti-torture causes.  Governments across the world are hesitant to prosecute their employees, so redress creates a civil mechanism for the public to hold government accountable,  she said.  This leads to an internal conversation in the government about the responsibility of government entities to prevent torture.  ",1
21314,"Explain your results, beaten Angola party head tells electoral commission","LUANDA (Reuters) - The leader of Angola s main opposition party called on the country s electoral commission on Saturday to explain how it compiled provisional election results giving the ruling MPLA party a landslide victory. Isaias Samakuva said his UNITA party, which has rejected the published results of Wednesday s national ballot, was conducting a parallel count using polling station records and computer software that did not tally with the commission s figures.  Where did those results come from?  Samakuva asked supporters at the party s campaign headquarters in Luanda.  The CNE (commission) must explain to Angolans what it did wrong and why it did it.  Based on nearly 98 percent of the vote counted, CNE figures announced on Friday put the People s Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA) on 61.1 percent and the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA) on 26.7 percent. Definitive results may not be announced until Sept. 6. International observers described the election as reasonably free and fair and the mood in Luanda has remained calm. UNITA said the results released so far were not legally binding and it would release its national tally early next week.  The country still doesn t have a President-elect,  Samakuva said. President-in-waiting Joao Lourenco, a former defense minister, is set to become the country s first new leader for 38 years, replacing Jose Eduardo dos Santos, who will continue as head of the MPLA. UNITA and smaller opposition party CASA-CE say the provisional results were processed without input from provincial counting centers or certain representatives on the electoral commission, going against Angolan law. The commission has said the process of vote-counting was  going well  but has not extensively explained how provisional numbers were tallied.  Even if the parties have summary records of the polling stations and minutes of electoral operations, it is necessary to realize there is another set of elements and documents that will contribute to the provincial and national tally and this information is not available to the parties,  commission spokeswoman Julia Ferreira said on Friday, without elaborating. UNITA published on Friday its parallel count for four provinces   Huambo, Bie, Cabinda and Luanda   which in all cases showed the party doing better than the commission results indicated. The MPLA, which emerged victorious over UNITA after 27 years of civil war in 2002, has dismissed the complaints, saying its old foe always take issue with election results.  ",1
21315,U.S. journalist among 19 killed in South Sudan fighting: rebels,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - A United States citizen working in South Sudan as a freelance journalist was among 19 people killed on Saturday during fighting between government troops and  rebels in Yei River state, the rebels and the military said. Christopher Allen, who worked for various news outlets, was killed in heavy fighting in the town of Kaya. South Sudan has been convulsed by conflict since late 2013, pitting President Salva Kiir s troops against those of rebel leader Riek Machar.  On the ground, about 16 (bodies) have been found around the defensive position of the SPLA including this white man,  Santo Domic Chol, a military spokesman, told Reuters. Three government soldiers were also killed, he said. The rebels identified him as Allen, who had been embedded with them for the past week.   We are sad for his family. He came here to tell our story ,  said one rebel who knew Allen. He asked not to be named but said Allen had been in the middle of the fighting and wearing a jacket marked PRESS. Chol said  the rebels had attacked an army base in Kaya but they were repulsed after an hour-long fight. The U.S. government did not respond immediately when Reuters sought comment.  The country spiraled into civil war, with fighting along ethnic lines, after Kiir sacked Machar in late 2013. A peace accord was signed in August 2015 and Machar returned to the capital in April last year to share power with Kiir, before the deal fell apart less than three months later and Machar and his supporters fled the capital. The conflict has forced about 4 million people to flee their homes. Uganda currently hosts more than a million South Sudanese refugees, while over 330,000 have fled to neighboring Ethiopia. ",1
21316,"North Korea tests short-range missiles as South Korea, U.S. conduct drills","SEOUL/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - North Korea fired several short-range missiles into the sea off its east coast early on Saturday, South Korea and the U.S. military said, as the two allies conducted annual joint military drills that the North denounces as preparation for war. The U.S. military s Pacific Command said it had detected three short-range ballistic missiles, fired over a 20 minute period.  One appeared to have blown up almost immediately while two flew about 250 km (155 miles) in a northeasterly direction, Pacific Command said, revising an earlier assessment that two of the missiles had failed in flight. The test came just days after senior U.S. officials praised North Korea and leader Kim Jong Un for showing restraint in not firing any missiles since late July.  The South Korean Office of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said the projectiles were launched from the North s eastern Kangwon province into the sea. Later on Saturday, the South Korean Presidential Blue House said the North may have fired an upgraded 300-mm caliber multiple rocket launcher but the military was still analyzing the precise details of the projectiles.  Pacific Command said the missiles did not pose a threat to the U.S. mainland or to the Pacific territory of Guam, which North Korea had threatened earlier this month to surround in a  sea of fire . Tensions had eased somewhat since a harsh exchange of words between Pyongyang and Washington after U.S. President Donald Trump had warned North Korean leader Kim Jong Un he would face  fire and fury  if he threatened the United States. North Korea s last missile test on July 28 was for an intercontinental ballistic missile designed to fly 10,000 km (6,200 miles). That would put parts of the U.S. mainland within reach and prompted heated exchanges that raised fears of a new conflict on the peninsula. Japan s Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said the missiles did not reach its territory or exclusive economic zone and did not pose a threat to Japan s safety.  The South Korean and U.S. militaries are in the midst of the annual Ulchi Freedom Guardian drills involving computer simulations of a war to test readiness and run until Aug. 31. The region where the missiles were launched, Kittaeryong, is a known military test site frequently used by the North for short-range missile drills, said Kim Dong-yub, a military expert at the Institute for Far Eastern Studies in Seoul.   So rather than a newly developed missile, it looks to be short range missiles they fired as part of their summer exercise and also in response to the Ulchi Freedom Guardian drill,  he said. The United States and South Korea are technically still at war with the North because their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty. The North routinely says it will never give up its weapons programs, saying they are necessary to counter perceived U.S. hostility. Washington has repeatedly urged China, North Korea s main ally and trading partner, to do more to rein in Pyongyang. China s commerce ministry late on Friday banned North Korean individuals and enterprises from doing new business in China, in line with United Nations Security Council sanctions passed earlier this month. The White House said Trump had been briefed about the latest missiles but did not immediately have further comment. The U.S. State Department did not immediately comment about the Saturday launches. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson earlier this week credited the North with showing restraint by not launching a missile since the July ICBM test. Tillerson had said he hoped that the lack of missile launches or other  provocative acts  by Pyongyang could mean a path could be opening for dialogue  sometime in the near future.   Trump also expressed optimism earlier this week about a possible improvement in relations.  I respect the fact that he is starting to respect us,  Trump said of Kim.         North Korea s state media reported on Saturday that Kim had guided a contest of amphibious landing and aerial strike by its army against targets modeled after South Korean islands near the sea border on the west coast. The official KCNA news agency quoted Kim as telling its Army that it  should think of mercilessly wiping out the enemy with arms only and occupying Seoul at one go and the southern half of Korea.  A new poster on a North Korean propaganda website on Saturday showed a missile dealing  a retaliatory strike of justice  against the U.S. mainland, threatening to  wipe out the United States, the source of evil, without a trace.    On Wednesday, Kim ordered the production of more rocket engines and missile warheads during a visit to a facility associated with North Korea s ballistic missile program.  Diagrams and what appeared to be missile parts shown in photographs published in the North s state media suggested Pyongyang was pressing ahead with building a longer-range ballistic missile that could potentially reach any part of the U.S. mainland including Washington. (For an interactive package on North Korea's missile capabilities click here)  (For a graphic on North Korea missile trajectories, ranges click tmsnrt.rs/2vLMdVm) ",1
21317,Saudi-led force admits strike in Yemen's capital hit civilians,"RIYADH (Reuters) - A Saudi-led Arab coalition on Saturday conceded that an air raid in Yemen s capital a day earlier had resulted in civilian casualties, blaming the incident on an unspecified  technical error . The early morning attack in the Faj Attan area of Sanaa hit a vacant building but caused an adjacent apartment block to collapse, killing at least 12 people, six of them children, residents have said. Coalition spokesman Colonel Turki al-Maliki defended the strike as having  a legitimate military target , which he said was a Houthi command and control center. He accused the fighters of using civilians as human shields.  A technical error was the reason for the unintentional accident and the house in question was not directly targeted,  he said a statement carried by Saudi state news agency SPA. Maliki said the coalition expressed remorse for  collateral damage to civilians  but did not specify the extent of casualties. However, a senior ICRC official visited the site of the strike on Friday and said,  From what we saw on the ground, there was no apparent military target.  Yemen s long war involving competing Yemeni factions and regional power struggles has killed at least 10,000 people. Millions more have been forced to leave their homes and face disease and hunger. The Houthis and their ally, former president Ali Abdullah Saleh, control much of the north of the country, including Sanaa. Yemen s internationally recognised government is backed by the Saudi-led military coalition and is based in the south. The United States and Britain provide arms and logistical assistance to the alliance for its campaign. The issue has caused controversy in Britain over the toll on civilians. As well as military targets, air strikes have hit hospitals and ports, exacerbating the humanitarian crisis. ",1
21318,Italy's interior minister meets Libyan mayors over people smuggling,"MILAN (Reuters) - Italian Interior Minister Marco Minniti met Libyan mayors on Saturday to renew a commitment to fight people trafficking as part of an agreement signed earlier this year between Rome and Tripoli. The meeting, which Libya s interior minister also attended, focused on fostering alternatives to human smuggling and trade in contraband in Libyan towns heavily affected by illegal immigration.  Youngsters in those areas and the whole of Libya deserve a future of hope, free from the threats of criminal organisations...  both sides said in a statement issued by Italy s Interior Ministry. In February, Italy pledged money, training and equipment to help the U.N.-backed Libyan government curb the flow of migrants to Europe. More than 600,000 migrants have reached Italy by sea from North Africa since 2014, most of them from Libya where people smugglers have operated with impunity in the turmoil that followed the fall of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011. The subject of immigration is dominating Italy s political agenda ahead of general elections due before May next year, with public opinion increasingly hostile to migrants.  After a surge in migrant arrivals from Libya at the start of the year, numbers have recently slowed and Minniti said earlier this month those trends would continue in August. Saturday s meeting also included, among others, Italy s ambassador to Tripoli and representatives of the European Commission. ",1
21319,"After Yemeni air strike, little girl is family's only survivor","SANAA (Reuters) - Her bruised eyes still swollen shut, Buthaina Muhammad Mansour, believed to be four or five, doesn t yet know that her parents, five siblings and uncle were killed when an air strike flattened their home in Yemen s capital. Despite concussion and skull fractures, doctors think Buthaina will pull through   her family s sole survivor of the Aug 25 attack on an apartment building that residents blame on a Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen since 2015. The alliance said in a statement it would investigate the air strike, which killed at least 12 civilians. Yemen s long war involving competing Yemeni factions and regional power struggles has killed at least 10,000 people. Millions more have been forced to leave their homes and face disease and hunger. Aid agencies have called for a speedy resolution to the conflict, warning that the impoverished country is now victim to the world s greatest man-made humanitarian disaster. Lying disoriented in her hospital bed on Saturday, Buthaina called out for her uncle, Mounir, who was among those killed in the attack. Another uncle, Saleh Muhammad Saad, told Reuters Mounir had rushed to the family s house when Buthaina s father called him at 2 a.m. to say war planes were bombing their neighborhood in Sanaa s Faj Attan district. He never returned. By the time Saleh got to the house, it was a ruin of broken concrete blocks and wooden planks. Hearing survivors groaning from beneath the rubble, he battled to free them.  I could hear the shouts of one of their neighbors from under the rubble, and tried to remove the rubble from on top of (Buthaina s father) and his wife, but I couldn t. They died,  he said.  We lifted the rubble and saw first her brother Ammar, who was three, and her four sisters, all of them dead. I paused a little and just screamed out from the pain. But I pulled myself together, got back there and then heard Buthaina calling.  He said her survival had given him some solace as he mourned the rest of the family.  Her sister Raghad always used to come up and hug me and kiss me when I visited. I used to say to her,  Come on, that s enough.  And she would say  Oh no it isn t!  and just keep hugging and kissing.  ",1
21320,Man with sword injures police outside UK Queen's palace,"(Reuters) - A man who assaulted police officers with a four-foot sword outside Queen Elizabeth s Buckingham Palace residence shouting  Allahu Akbar  (God is greatest) was being questioned by counter-terrorism police on Saturday. Two unarmed officers suffered slight cuts as they detained the man, who drove at a police van on Friday evening, then took the sword from the front passenger foot-well of his car, London s Metropolitan Police said.  It was too early to say what the man was planning to do, said Commander Dean Haydon, the head of the Met s Counter Terrorism Command.   We believe the man was acting alone and we are not looking for other suspects at this stage,  he said.  It is only right that we investigate this as a terrorist incident at this time.   Europe has been on high alert following a string of militant attacks, including four this year in Britain which killed 36 people. The country s threat level remains at severe, meaning an attack is highly likely. No members of the royal family were present in the palace, which is a magnet for tourists in Britain s capital in the peak August holiday weekend.  I want to thank the officers who acted quickly and bravely to protect the public last night demonstrating the dedication and professionalism of our police,  Prime Minister Theresa May said in a message on Twitter. The suspect was initially arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm and assault on police. He was then further arrested under Britain s Terrorism Act. Police said they were investigating a 26-year-old man from the Luton area, an ethnically diverse town 35 miles (55 km) north of London where police have carried out investigations linked to other militant attacks, including one earlier this year on London s Westminster Bridge.   My partner saw a sword (...) as well as a policeman with blood on him, looking like his hand or chest was injured. The police officer had it in his hand, walking away with it,  said an unnamed witness quoted by The Times newspaper, who said tourists were running away from the scene.  Something happened before, which is why the people ran away. I m not sure what this was. But people were already scared and I saw the policeman pull the man from the car  the witness said. The suspect was treated at a London hospital for minor injuries, and there were no other reported injuries.   This is a timely reminder that the threat from terrorism in the UK remains severe,  Haydon added.  The police, together with the security services, are doing everything we can to protect the public and we already have an enhanced policing plan over the Bank Holiday weekend to keep the public safe.  ",1
21321,Chinese government advisor says more Mandarin needed to fight poverty,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Not enough effort is being put into teaching China s ethnic minorities standardized Mandarin Chinese during Beijing s fight to eradicate poverty, a top advisor to the government said on Saturday. Chinese president Xi Jinping has declared war on poverty, and instructed local governments to eliminate impoverishment to create a  moderately well-off society  by the beginning of 2021, in time for centenary of the ruling Communist Party. While regional authorities have dolled out supportive policies, funds and programs in China s poorest regions, they are failing to teach ethnicities enough Mandarin, Zhu Weiqun, said in an article in the state-backed Global Times newspaper. Efforts to teach minority peoples Mandarin are  not up to scratch  in various places, said Zhu, who is head of the minorities and religions committee of the Chinese People s Political Consultative Conference, an advisory body.  I regularly come across low level cadres who with great effort use a mouthful of dialect to talk about their poverty alleviation plans without realizing that dealing with their own deficiencies in speaking Mandarin is an urgent task,  he said. China promotes the use of standardized Mandarin, based on the dialect of Beijing, and encourages ethnic minorities to learn the official language in a bid to improve unity in multi-ethnic areas of the country. But there has been resistance to the push for standardization in regions such as Tibet and Xinjiang, where Tibetans and Uighurs, a Turkic speaking mostly Muslim minority, often consider language integral to their cultural identity. Beijing denies that Mandarin promotion damages minority culture, arguing that learning the official language gives minorities greater opportunities for work and schooling. Zhu said in the article that communication issues with workers from Xinjiang could cause a  vicious cycle  when companies group the workers together hindering their ability to work with others. Over 70 percent of the population speaks Mandarin, but there levels of fluency in west China are 20 percent lower than in the east, with only 40 percent of people able to speak Mandarin in some rural areas, Zhu said.  Using standardized Mandarin to alleviate poverty, using poverty alleviation to promote standardized Mandarin, does not only have an economic importance, but also has a deep political importance,  he said. ",1
21322,Thousands rally for gay marriage in Australia ahead of vote,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Thousands of people rallied for marriage equality in Australia s second-biggest city of Melbourne on Saturday ahead of a postal survey on same-sex marriage which could lead to its legalisation. Australia is one of the only developed English-speaking countries not to have legalised same-sex marriage, despite strong popular support and the backing of a majority of lawmakers. Shadow Attorney-General Mark Dreyfus, of the opposition Labor Party, called on the conservative Liberal Party-led government to do more to ensure the debate did not turn ugly ahead of the postal survey next month.  I m particularly calling on the prime minister of Australia to speak out against any bile or hate speech that we might see in this campaign,  he told the rally. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull last week urged supporters and opponents of same-sex marriage to show mutual respect as their campaigns turned increasingly vitriolic. [nL4N1LB1TJ] Rally organiser Anthony Wallace from activist group Equal Love said 15,000 people attended the event, making it one of the largest gay rights rallies in Australian history. Police declined to estimate the size of the crowd. The rally is an annual event, which this year began and ended at the Victorian State Library, where a mass same-sex wedding ceremony was held.  Australians will vote over several weeks from mid-September in the non-compulsory postal ballot on whether to legalise same-sex marriage. Same-sex marriage is supported by 61 percent of Australians, a 2016 Gallup opinion poll showed, but the issue has fractured the Turnbull government and damaged his standing with voters, now at a six-month low.  ",1
21323,More than a thousand turn Philippine funeral to protest against war on drugs,"MANILA (Reuters) - More than a thousand people attended a funeral procession on Saturday for a Philippine teenager slain by police last week, turning the march into one of the biggest protests yet against President Rodrigo Duterte s deadly war on drugs. The death of Kian Loyd delos Santos has drawn widespread attention to allegations that police have been systematically executing suspected users and dealers - a charge the authorities deny. Nuns, priests and hundreds of children, chanting  justice for Kian, justice for all  joined the funeral cortege as it made its way from a church to the cemetery where the 17-year-old was buried. Delos Santos  father, Saldy, spoke briefly during a mass to defend his son s innocence and express anger over the police.  Don t they have a heart? I m not sure they do. There s a lot of churches, they should go there,  he said, his voice cracking with emotion. Delos Santos was dragged by plain-clothes policemen to a dark, trash-filled alley in northern Manila, before he was shot in the head and left next to a pigsty, according to witnesses whose accounts appeared to be backed up by CCTV footage. Police say they acted in self defense after delos Santos opened fire on them. The parents and lawyers of delos Santos filed a murder complaint against the three anti-narcotics policemen on Friday. If accepted, the complaint would follow at least two cases filed last year against police over Duterte s war on drugs, which has killed thousands of Filipinos, outraged human rights groups and alarmed Western governments.  Delos Santos  flower-draped coffin passed through a major highway on a small truck decorated with tarpaulins reading  Run, Kian, Run  and  Stop the killings  displayed on each side. Passing motorists honked in support.  This is a sign that the people have had enough and are indignant over the impunity that prevails today,  Renato Reyes, secretary general of left-wing activist group Bayan (Nation), said in a statement.  The people protest the utter lack of accountability in the police force.   Mourners, some of them wearing white shirts, held flowers and small flags, and placards denouncing the killing. A member of Rise Up, a Manila-based coalition of church-related groups opposing the drug war, told Reuters that families of about 20 victims joined the procession.  I came to support the family. I want justice for Kian and all victims - including my son,  said Katherine David, 35, whose 21-year-old son was shot dead by police with two other men in January.   Department of Justice personnel armed with assault rifles were on guard during the procession and outside the church.  Most people in the Philippines support the anti-drug campaign, and Duterte remains a popular leader but questions have begun to be asked since the death of delos Santos, which came during a spike in killings across the Philippines  main island, Luzon, last week. (Graphic: tmsnrt.rs/2ixnYFu)     The president s communication office reiterated on Saturday he will not tolerate wrongdoing by law enforcers and called on the public to  trust the justice system under the Duterte presidency.  But bereaved mother David believes the response to Kian s killing marks a turning point in opposition to the drug war.   There s been a big change. Before, police could kill and nobody paid attention. Now people are starting to show support and sympathy,  she said.  ",1
21324,"U.S. Black Hawk helicopter crashes off Yemen, one service member missing","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. Black Hawk helicopter crashed off the coast of Yemen on Friday during a training mission and a search was under way for one U.S. service member, the U.S. military said. U.S. Central Command said in a statement that five other service members aboard the aircraft had been rescued after the crash, which took place about 20 miles (32 km) off the southern coast of Yemen at 7 p.m. (16000 GMT). A U.S. official told Reuters that the cause of the crash was under investigation.  When the incident took place the helicopter was not very high above the water,  CENTCOM spokesman Colonel John Thomas said.  The United States has been carrying out air strikes against al Qaeda in Yemen, with at least 80 launched since the end of February.  A small number of ground raids using U.S. Special Operations forces have also taken place, including one in January which resulted in the death of a U.S. Navy Seal. There have been a number of aviation mishaps involving U.S military aircraft in the past few months.  The U.S. Coast Guard recently said that it had suspended its search off Hawaii for five Army aviators missing since their Black Hawk helicopter crashed earlier this month. In April, a Black Hawk U.S. Army helicopter crashed on a Maryland golf course, killing one crewmember and seriously injuring two others. Last month, a military transport plane crash killing 16 service members including elite special operations forces in northern Mississippi. ",1
21325,Prosecutors target Guatemala president over campaign financing,"GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - Guatemala s attorney general and a U.N-backed anti-graft body on Friday said they are seeking to investigate President Jimmy Morales over suspected illicit campaign financing. Ivan Velasquez, head of the International Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala (CICIG), told reporters there was evidence that Morales broke the law when he was head of the conservative National Convergence Front (FCN), and that prosecutors had filed a motion to investigate him.  In order to advance the investigation, it s necessary to remove his immunity,  said Velasquez, who on Thursday unveiled a probe into all political parties over suspected wrongdoing related to financing for the 2015 election campaign. To remove Morales  immunity, prosecutors need the go-ahead from both the Supreme Court and a two-thirds majority in Congress. He could then be formally investigated and charged. In a statement, the president s office said,  The President of the Republic has been and is respectful of the law and due process, and thus is confident in the objectivity of justice.   Morales took office in 2016, winning the election on an anti-corruption ticket after the CICIG helped to bring down his predecessor over a multi-million-dollar corruption scandal. Earlier this week, two government officials told Reuters that Morales would ask U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres to replace Velasquez, who is already investigating a graft case that involves the president s elder brother and one of his sons.  He better have some really valid reasons ... to seek my removal from the post,  said Velasquez, adding he would not resign. Morales met with Guterres in New York on Friday. The secretary-general reiterated his backing for Velasquez and the CICIG s work at the meeting, with Guterres citing  the Organisation s continuing support to the mandate of the International Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala,  the United Nations said in a statement. The president s office, in its statement, said it was worried about  manipulation  of information about the visit. The statement said Morales told Guterres it was important the CICIG stick to its original mandate.  Guatemala s foreign minister, Carlos Morales, who is not related to the president, told Reuters that there had been no request made on Friday to remove Velasquez from office. In 2015, the CICIG was instrumental in removing former President Otto Perez from office after identifying him as a key player in an alleged multi-million-dollar corruption racket. Perez is now in prison on trial with his former vice president. ",1
21326,Trump slaps sanctions on Venezuela; Maduro sees effort to force default,"CARACAS/WASHINGTON/ (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump signed an executive order that prohibits dealings in new debt from the Venezuelan government or its state oil company on Friday in an effort to halt financing that the White House said fuels President Nicolas Maduro s  dictatorship.  Maduro, who has frequently blamed the United States for waging an  economic war  on Venezuela, said the United States was seeking to force Venezuela to default   but he said it would not succeed. The order is Washington s biggest sanctions blow to date against Maduro and is intended to punish his leftist government for what Trump has called an erosion of democracy in the oil-rich country, which is already reeling from an economic crisis. It suggests a weakening in already strained relations between the two countries. Just three days ago, Maduro said the relations between Caracas and Washington were at their lowest point ever.  All they re trying to do to attack Venezuela is crazy,  said Maduro on a TV broadcast on Friday.  With the efforts of our people, it will fail and Venezuela will be stronger, more free, and more independent.  Venezuela faces a severe recession with millions suffering food and medicine shortages and soaring inflation. The South American nation relies on oil for some 95 percent of export revenue. Citgo Petroleum [PDVSAC.UL], the U.S. refiner of Venezuela s ailing state-run oil company PDVSA, is  practically  being forced to close by the order, warned Maduro, adding that a preliminary analysis showed the sanctions would impede Venezuelan crude exports to the United States. He said he was calling  urgent  meetings with U.S. clients of Venezuelan oil. The new sanctions ban trade in any new issues of U.S.-dollar-denominated debt of the Venezuelan government and PDVSA [PDVSA.UL] because the ban applies to use of the U.S. financial system.  As a result, it will be it tricky for PDVSA to refinance its heavy debt burden. Investors had expected that PDVSA would seek to ease upcoming payments through such an operation, as it did last year, which usually requires that new bonds be issued. Additional financial pressure on PDVSA could push the cash-strapped company closer to a possible default, or bolster its reliance on key allies China and Russia, which have already lent Caracas billions of dollars.   They want us to fall into default,  said Maduro, adding that just under two-thirds of Venezuelan bond holders are in the United States. Maduro insisted that Venezuela would continue paying its debts. The decision also blocks Citgo Petroleum from sending dividends back to the South American nation, a senior official said, in a further blow to PDVSA s coffers. However, the order stops short of a major ban on crude trading that could have disrupted Venezuela s oil industry and worsened the country s faltering economy. It also protects holders of most existing Venezuelan government and PDVSA bonds, who were relieved the sanctions did not go further. Venezuelan and PDVSA bonds were trading broadly higher on Friday afternoon.  Maduro may no longer take advantage of the American financial system to facilitate the wholesale looting of the Venezuelan economy at the expense of the Venezuelan people,  U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Friday. Venezuela s Oil Ministry and PDVSA did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  PDVSA, the financial engine of Maduro s government, is already struggling due to low global oil prices, mismanagement, allegations of corruption and a brain drain. Washington last month sanctioned PDVSA s finance vice president, Simon Zerpa, complicating some of the company s operations as Americans are now banned from doing business with him. Trump has so far spared Venezuela from broader sanctions against its vital oil industry, but officials have said such actions are under consideration. The Republican president has also warned of a  military option  for Venezuela, although White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster said on Friday that no such actions are anticipated in the  near future.  Venezuela has for months struggled to find financing because of PDVSA s cash flow problems and corruption scandals have led institutions to tread cautiously, regardless of sanctions. Russia and its state oil company Rosneft have emerged as an increasingly important source of financing for PDVSA, according to a Reuters report.   On at least two occasions, the Venezuelan government has used Russian cash to avoid imminent defaults on payments to bondholders, a high-level PDVSA official told Reuters.  At this point our view is that the country can scrape by without defaulting this year, largely with the help of Chinese and Russian backing and by further squeezing imports. Next year is a tossup,  said Raul Gallegos, an analyst with the consultancy Control Risks. However, China has grown reticent to extend further loans because of payment delays and corruption. Russia has been negotiating financing in exchange for oil assets in Venezuela, sources have told Reuters, but going forward it would be difficult for the OPEC member to provide enough assets to keep up loans destined for bond payments. Venezuela s government has around $2 billion in available cash to make $1.3 billion in bond payments by the end of the year and to cover the import of food and medicine, according to documents reviewed by Reuters. ",1
21327,Belgian soldiers shoot dead knife attacker in Brussels,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgian soldiers shot dead a man in the center of Brussels on Friday evening after he came at them with a knife shouting Allahu Akbar (God is great), in a case authorities are treating as a terrorist attack. The man, a 30-year-old Belgian of Somali origin, died after being rushed to hospital. The soldiers were not seriously hurt in the attack; one had a facial wound and the other s hand was wounded. Prosecutors said the man, who was not known for terrorist activities, had twice shouted Allahu Akbar during the attack,  which occurred at around 8:15 p.m. local time (1815 GMT) just outside the city s central pedestrian zone while the soldiers were on patrol. The case passed from local to federal prosecutors, who typically handle terrorist cases. A spokeswoman for the prosecution service said they were treating the case as one of attempted terrorist murder. Brussels mayor Philip Close said the alert status, already just one off the maximum level, had not been increased.  Initial indications are ... that it is an isolated attack, a single person,  Close told reporters beside a street blocked by police. Soldiers routinely patrol the streets of the Belgian capital due to a heightened security alert level after Islamist shooting and bomb attacks in Paris in 2015 and Brussels in 2016. In June, troops shot dead a suspected suicide bomber at Brussels  central train station. There were no other casualties. Authorities treated the incident as an attempted terrorist attack. ",1
21328,At least 71 killed in Myanmar as Rohingya insurgents stage major attack,"YANGON (Reuters) - Muslim militants in Myanmar staged a coordinated attack on 30 police posts and an army base in Rakhine state on Friday, and at least 59 of the insurgents and 12 members of the security forces were killed, the army and government said. The fighting - still going on in some areas - marked a major escalation in a simmering conflict in the northwestern state since last October, when similar attacks prompted a big military sweep beset by allegations of serious human rights abuses. The Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA), a group previously known as Harakah al-Yaqin, which instigated the October attacks, claimed responsibility for the early morning offensive, and warned of more. The treatment of approximately 1.1 million Muslim Rohingya has emerged as majority Buddhist Myanmar s most contentious human rights issue as it makes a transition from decades of harsh military rule. It now appears to have spawned a potent insurgency which has grown in size, observers say.  They worry that the attacks - much larger and better organized than those in October - will spark an even more aggressive army response and trigger communal clashes between Muslims and Buddhist ethnic Rakhines. A news team affiliated with the office of national leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, said that one soldier, one immigration officer, 10 policemen and 59 insurgents had been killed in the fighting.  In the early morning at 1 a.m., the extremist Bengali insurgents started their attack on the police post ... with the man-made bombs and small weapons,  said the army in a separate statement, referring to the Rohingya by a derogatory term implying they are interlopers from Bangladesh. The militants also used sticks and swords and destroyed bridges with explosives, the army said. The Rohingya are denied citizenship and are seen by many in Myanmar as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh, despite claiming roots in the region that go back centuries, with communities marginalized and occasionally subjected to communal violence. The military counter-offensive in October resulted in some 87,000 Rohingya fleeing to Bangladesh, where they joined many others who have fled from Myanmar over the past 25 years. The United Nations said Myanmar s security forces likely committed crimes against humanity in the offensive that began in October. On Friday, the United Nations condemned the militant attacks and called for all parties to refrain from violence. The United States also condemned the attacks on security forces and it warned the government against indiscriminate reprisals.  As government and security forces act to prevent further violence and bring those responsible for the attacks to justice, we expect them to do so in a way that is consistent with the rule of law, protects and respects human rights and fundamental freedoms, demonstrates transparency, and avoids inflaming a tense situation,  the U.S. State Department said in a statement.     The military said about 150 Rohingya attacked an army base in Taung Bazar village in Buthidaung township. Among the police posts attacked was a station in the majority-Rakhine village of Kyauk Pandu, 40 km (24 miles) south of the major town of Maungdaw. Police officer Kyaw Win Tun said the insurgents burned down the post and police had been called to gather at a main station. Residents were fearful as darkness approached.  We heard that a lot of Muslim villagers are grouping together, they will make more attacks on us when the sun goes down,  said Maung Maung Chay, a Rakhine villager from the hamlet. The attack took place hours after a panel led by the former U.N. chief Kofi Annan advised the government on long-term solutions for the violence-riven state. Annan condemned the violence on Friday, saying  no cause can justify such brutality and senseless killing . Military sources told Reuters they estimated 1,000  insurgents took part in the offensive and it encompassed both Maungdaw and Buthidaung townships - a much wider area compared with October. The leader of ARSA, Ata Ullah, has said hundreds of young Rohingya have joined the group, which says it is waging a legitimate defence against the army and for human rights.  We have been taking our defensive actions against the Burmese marauding forces in more than 25 different places across the region. More soon!  the group said on Twitter. Chris Lewa of the Rohingya monitoring group, the Arakan Project, said a major concern was what happened to some 700 Rohingya villagers trapped inside their section of Zay Di Pyin village which had been surrounded by Rakhine vigilantes armed with sticks and swords.   We are running for our lives,  said one of the Zay Di Pyin s Rohingya villagers reached by telephone, adding that houses had been set on fire. The government said the village had been burned down but blamed the fire on the Rohingya. Amid rising tension over the past few weeks, more than 1,000 new refugees have fled to Bangladesh, where border guards on Friday pushed back 146 people trying to flee the violence. Mohammed Shafi, who lives in a Rohingya refugee camp in Bangladesh, said his cousin in Myanmar had told him of the trouble.  The military is everywhere. People are crying, mourning the dead,  Shafi said.  Things are turning real bad. It s scary.  ",1
21329,Saudi cleric condemns inter-Muslim conflict ahead of pilgrimage,"MECCA (Reuters) - The imam of Mecca s Grand Mosque denounced those who  cause conflict among Muslims  in his last Friday sermon before the annual haj pilgrimage, as rifts widen among Gulf neighbors and wars rage across the Middle East. Saudi Arabia, which hosts and supervises the haj, has with other Arab governments imposed sanctions on Qatar and cut all transport links with the country in recent months, accusing it of supporting Iran and backing Islamist terrorism - charges Doha denies. Relations between Shi ite Muslim-led Iran and predominately Sunni Saudi Arabia are at their worst in years, with each accusing the other of subverting regional security and supporting opposite sides in conflicts in Syria, Iraq and Yemen.  Anyone who causes conflict and discord among Muslims ignores the blessing of harmony, imitates those who lived in ignorance (before Islam), harms his people and cheats his nation,  Sheikh Saleh Mohammed al-Taleb told the hundreds of thousands of pilgrims who have flocked to Mecca from around the world to perform the haj next week.  Taleb did not directly refer to the political and military divisions in the Arab world that have killed hundreds of thousands of people and displaced millions more in recent years. Nearly 90,000 Iranians are expected to attend, after Tehran boycotted Mecca last year following a crush at the pilgrimage in 2015 in which hundreds of people died, many of them Iranians. Saudi officials say over 400 Qatari pilgrims have also arrived through the land border in recent days, but Qatar has accused Saudi Arabia of deliberately making it hard for them. Saudi Arabia says Qatar is seeking to politicize the ritual for diplomatic gains. The dispute has defied mediation attempts by the United States and Kuwait. Worshippers on Friday filled the mosque s haram sanctuary, the holiest place in Islam, and spilled into nearby streets, malls, hotel lobbies and garages, listening to the sermon through loudspeakers. An elderly Tunisian pilgrim named Bakari Abdel Jalil attended in a white shirt and cap while other worshippers donned customary white robes. He said he hoped regional tensions would not affect the haj. ",1
21330,Suicide attack on Kabul Shi'ite mosque kills at least 30,"KABUL (Reuters) - A suicide bomber blew himself up at the entrance to a Shi ite Muslim mosque in Kabul as other attackers stormed the building, killing at least 30 people including worshippers gathering for Friday prayers, officials said. Islamic State, which has launched several attacks against minority Shi ite targets in Afghanistan, claimed responsibility, the jihadist group s news agency said. The assault sparked chaos as worshippers fled and others frantically searched for missing family members.  The attackers are slaughtering people like sheep but there s no one to go and rescue them,  said Murtaza, a young boy whose parents were trapped inside as the attack unfolded.   A lot of people are on the ground and no one is trying to rescue them.  By Friday evening police said they had secured the mosque in the Khair Khana area of the capital, and all three attackers were dead. Witnesses said they had thrown grenades, and police officials said a suicide bomber detonated himself at the gate. A second suicide bomber detonated among a group of women in the mosque, an official said. Security sources put the overall toll at 30 people killed and  dozens  wounded. At least 10 civilians were killed, including women and children, while another 30 were wounded, Ministry of Interior spokesman Najib Danish said earlier in the day. At least three policemen were also killed and eight wounded, he said. Police said they rescued more than 100 worshippers. At least 15 of the wounded were taken to city hospitals, said Ismail Kawosi, a spokesman for the Ministry of Public Health. One witness, Sayed Pacha, said four attackers had entered the mosque.   At first a suicide bomber opened fire and martyred two security guards at the entrance of the mosque and then they entered inside,  he told Reuters.  Human rights activists condemned the attack, the latest in a  campaign of sectarian violence.  Insurgents who carry out atrocities against a specific ethnic or religious community are committing war crimes and possibly crimes against humanity,  Patricia Gossman, a senior researcher for Human Rights Watch, said in a statement. ",1
21331,New sanctions aim to restrict Venezuela access to U.S. debt market,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Friday that new sanctions imposed against Venezuela were aimed at hobbling the regime of President Nicolas Maduro by restricting the country s access to U.S. debt and equity markets.  We urge those within the regime, including those who have been sanctioned, to distance themselves from the violence and the dictatorship,  Mnuchin told reporters at the White House. He said the sanctions were not aimed at  changing leadership  in Venezuela.  White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster said at the same news conference that United States had no plans to take military action in Venezuela, but that President Donald Trump intended to take advantage of  a broad range of ... integrated options  in the future. ",1
21332,Shot and dumped by a pigsty: a schoolboy killed in Philippines drugs war,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine teenager Kian Loyd delos Santos told friends he dreamed of becoming a policeman after graduating from high school.  Last week, plain-clothes policemen dragged the 17-year-old to a dark, trash-filled alley in northern Manila, shot him in the head and left his body next to a pigsty, according to witnesses whose accounts appeared to be backed up by CCTV footage. The killing has electrified the Philippines, sparked multiple investigations and galvanized what had previously been limited opposition to President Rodrigo Duterte s war on drugs. Thousands of people have been killed since he took office 14 months ago. Police said they shot delos Santos in self-defense after he opened fire on officers during an anti-drugs operation. But there was outrage when the CCTV footage emerged showing two officers marching a figure, subdued and apparently unarmed, toward the spot where the youth s body was later found. Three officers, who police say have been confined to quarters in a Manila police camp, are now defending their actions in a Senate inquiry that began on Thursday. They maintain delos Santos fired at them. The teenager s parents and the Philippines Public Attorney s Office, a government legal aid agency, have filed murder charges against the policemen at the justice department.  Let us allow the formal criminal investigation to proceed and not rush into conclusion or judgment. Let us allow the personnel involved to have their day in court and defend themselves,  Philippines National Police spokesman Dionardo Carlos said when asked about the case.      Reuters journalists spoke to at least two dozen witnesses, friends and neighbors of delos Santos in Manila s Caloocan area about his killing. They said he was a kind, popular teenager who liked to joke around and didn t drink or do drugs. He was too poor to own a gun, they said.  We no longer have our joker,  said one of his friends, Sharmaine Joy Adante, 15. She said delos Santos had wanted to join the police so that his mother, who works in Saudi Arabia, could afford to live in her own country. Nearby, at the entrance to his family s tiny home, delos Santos lay in an open coffin. Among the tributes placed on its lid was a crumpled playing card - a joker - and a live chick to symbolically peck away at the conscience of his killers. Some locals said they feared reprisals from the police for speaking out and asked Reuters to withhold their second names. It was after 8 p.m. on August 16 when Erwin Lachica, 37, a welder, said he saw three men in civilian clothes enter the area on two motorbikes. All three had handguns tucked into their waistbands, he said. Lachica recognized them as officers from previous police operations in the neighborhood. They were later identified as Arnel Oares, Jeremias Pereda and Jerwin Cruz. According to a police report issued a day after the killing, when the teenager saw officers approaching, he immediately drew a weapon and shot at them. Oares, who led the operation, returned fire and killed him, it said.  It was dark, he fired at us,  Pereda told the Senate inquiry this week.  We knew it was a gun, there was a loud sound. We saw a gleam of light.  Police have cited self-defense as the pretext for killing more than 3,500 people in drug-war operations since Duterte came to power. Lachica had a different version of events. He said delos Santos was standing outside a shop when the men grabbed him, and then slapped and punched him until he started crying. No gunbattle took place, he said.  He was saying he was innocent, he was not a drug addict,  added Lachica, who said the men put delos Santos in a headlock and dragged him away. CCTV footage from a neighborhood security camera shows two men marching someone, his head bowed, through a nearby basketball court. A third man follows. The officers told the Senate that they were indeed in the video but were bundling away an informant, not delos Santos. Multiple witnesses, however, told Reuters they recognized the youth. One of those witnesses was Victor, a teenage student, who said he knew delos Santos because he lived in the neighborhood. He said the men hustled delos Santos across the basketball court and down a path to the filthy, flood-prone Tullahan River. Victor dared not follow.  We were very scared,  he recalled, his eyes filling with tears. Delos Santos  life ended in a dark nook next to a disused pigsty by the river. A few paces away, a 39-year-old construction worker called Rene was eating dinner with his two daughters in his home. First, said Rene, he heard shouting - a man ordering residents to stay inside their houses - then two bursts of gunfire, perhaps 10 shots in all.  We hid under the table,  he said.  We didn t even peek out the window.  Three other residents told Reuters they heard between seven and nine shots. Others said they heard nothing at all: Manila slums are seething, raucous places, where even gunfire can be drowned out. Autopsies by the police and the Public Attorney s Office disagreed on the number of gunshot wounds delos Santos sustained, but pathologists for both told the Senate that he was kneeling when shot.  You are not allowed to kill a person that is kneeling down begging for his life. That is murder,  Duterte said in a speech on Wednesday. Duterte s supporters have taken to blogs and social media to express support for the police and raise doubts about delos Santos  innocence. But the killing appears to have kindled grave concerns among  the public because of the age of the victim and because the video supported witness accounts of his killing. It has also fueled longstanding public anxiety about the drug war s brutal methods, and could generate wider opposition to a campaign whose critics have so far been largely limited to priests, activists, lawyers and a handful of prominent politicians. Still, Duterte remains popular, said Ramon Casiple, executive director of the Manila-based Institute for Political and Electoral Reform.  It s not really a tipping point,  he said.  But Duterte is vulnerable. His popularity will take a hit.  Delos Santos  death was the culmination of a spike in killings across the Philippines  main island, Luzon. That same night, police shot dead at least 28 people in Manila during multiple operations to crack down on drugs and crime. Two nights before that, in Bulacan province, just north of the capital, police killed 32 people. Some rights activists saw the upsurge as a government bid to regain credibility lost after Duterte s recent admission that no president could solve the drug problem in a single term. He had originally vowed to end it within six months of taking office. Many critics question the drug war s focus on killing petty users and dealers from poor communities, rather than nabbing the kingpins who supply them with crystal meth, a highly addictive stimulant known locally as  shabu  that officials blame for high crime rates and other social ills. In a speech this week, Duterte said he had told his police chief to jail the officers involved in the delos Santos killing until an inquiry was conducted. He also vowed to continue the drug war.  If you want, shoot me. But I will not change my policy,  he said later. Presidential spokesman Ernesto Abella told Reuters that there were lessons to be learned from the events.      Kian s case is a wake-up call for the need to reform government institutions, even law enforcement agencies,  he said. For a graphic on death of a schoolboy, click: here ",1
21333,"In stinging attack, France's Macron says Poland isolating itself in Europe","VARNA, Bulgaria/WARSAW (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Friday Poland was isolating itself within the European Union and Polish citizens  deserve better  than a government at odds with the bloc s democratic values and economic reform plans.   Macron said Warsaw, where a nationalist, eurosceptic government took office in 2015, was moving in the opposite direction to Europe on numerous issues and would not be able to dictate the path of Europe s future. Poland rejected the accusations, saying Macron was inexperienced and arrogant.  Europe is a region created on the basis of values, a relationship with democracy and public freedoms which Poland is today in conflict with,  Macron said in Bulgaria on the third leg of a trip to central and eastern Europe to generate support for his vision of a Europe that better protects its citizens.  He described Poland s refusal to change its stance on a revision of the EU s directive on  posted  workers - cheap labor from eastern countries posted temporarily to more affluent western countries - as a mistake. Macron has said the practice leads to unfair competition.  In no way will the decision by a country that has decided to isolate itself in the workings of Europe jeopardize the finding of an ambitious compromise,  he said.   In a scathing attack that could drag relations between western EU powers and the European Commission in Brussels on one side and Poland s Law and Justice Party (PiS) government on the other to a new low, he said the Polish people deserved better.  Poland is not defining Europe s future today and nor will it define the Europe of tomorrow,  Macron said at a joint press conference with Bulgarian President Rumen Radev in the Black Sea resort city of Varna. In response, Poland s Prime Minister Beata Szydlo said Macron, 39, a former investment banker elected in May as France s youngest president, lacked political experience and accused him of undermining the EU.  I advise the president that he should be more conciliatory ... Perhaps his arrogant comments are a result of a lack of (political) experience,  Szydlo said in a statement emailed to Reuters.  I advise the president that he should focus on the affairs of his own country. Perhaps he may be able to achieve the same economic results and the same level of security for (French) citizens as those guaranteed by Poland.  Her comments were an indirect reference to her government s insistence that it will not accept migrants from the Middle East, despite pressure from Brussels, because it believes they pose a threat to national security. France has been hit hard by deadly Islamist militant attacks in recent years. The Polish Foreign Ministry said in a statement it had urgently summoned the French charg  d affaires to express  the Polish government s indignation about the arrogant words  of Macron. It quoted Deputy Foreign Minister Marek Magierowski as saying Poland  expects that France will abandon language that is divisive and which damages the unity of the EU .  Relations between Szydlo s Law and Justice (PiS) party and the French government deteriorated soon after it won election in late 2015. In October 2016, Poland abruptly canceled a nearly $4 billion military procurement deal with Airbus. Macron s election deepened the rift, with the French globalization advocate fanning worries in Warsaw that his vision of a  multi-speed  Europe would undermine Polish influence within the European Union. French officials have expressed concerns about Poland, and Hungary, drifting towards authoritarianism and said Macron would also make a defense of the rule of law and democratic principles one of the priorities of his mandate on the European stage.  On his three-day tour Macron sought backing for his plans to tighten EU rules on the employment abroad of labor from low-pay nations. Poland strongly opposes this initiative. While  posted  workers comprise less than 1 percent of the EU work force, it is a political hot potato that has exacerbated the divide between the bloc s poor east and rich west for years. Macron managed to enlist the broad support of Czech Republic and Slovakia, and the lukewarm backing of Romania, all countries which fear being sidelined in a multi-speed EU, whereas Poland and Hungary remain defiant of what they see as an out-of-touch EU elite based in Brussels and Western capitals. Poland is at loggerheads with the European Commission, the Brussels-based EU executive, over issues ranging from its refusal to accept EU migrant relocation quotas to the ruling conservatives  tightening grip on the judiciary and media.  Macron shunned both Poland and Hungary on his trip through the region.  He said he wanted Bulgaria - like Poland, Hungary, Romania, the Czech Republic and Slovakia a former communist state that joined the EU much later than western counterparts - to be at the negotiating table on European integration. On the posted worker rules, Bulgaria s Radev said the EU needed to balance the interests of countries in the rich west and the poor east.  It is important that changes are made in a way that unites rather than divides Europe,  he said.  Current EU rules allow workers to be posted from low-salary countries to other EU states on contracts that must guarantee the host country s minimum wage, but under which taxes and social charges are paid in the home nation.  Poland and Hungary say increased restrictions on such contracts would flout the principles of the European single market and cost hundreds of thousands of jobs. ",1
21334,Vatican prepared in case of Barcelona-style attack: Swiss Guard chief,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - It is perhaps  only a matter of time  before Rome is hit by a Barcelona-style attack but security forces are ready in case the Vatican is targeted, the head the Swiss Guard has said. Security has been stepped up at religious sites throughout Italy, including at the Vatican, since last year, when a truck driven by a suspected Islamist militant killed 86 people in the French city of Nice. Barriers and police and army vehicles have been placed around St. Peter s Basilica to make it harder for a vehicle to gather speed in an attack such as the one last week in Barcelona, which killed 13 people. Despite threats from Islamic State, Rome and other Italian cities have so far been spared the kind of vehicle attacks that have also hit Nice, London, and Berlin.  It could perhaps be just a matter of time before there is such an attack in Rome, but we are prepared,  Christoph Graf, the commandant of the Swiss Guard, was quoted as telling the Swiss Catholic website Cath.ch. Graf, referring to the attack in Barcelona, spoke on the sidelines of a religious ceremony in the Swiss city of Solothurn earlier this week. Websites linked to Islamic State militants have made threats against Catholic targets in Rome in recent years. In 2015 in a video showing the beheading of 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians in Libya, one of the killers said:  Safety for you crusaders is something you can only wish for ... We will conquer Rome, by the will of Allah.  At about the same time a website used by militants ran a photo montage showing the movement s black flag flying from the obelisk at the center of St Peter s Square. The Swiss Guard has its origins as a papal protection force in the 16th century and numbers about 110 men, all of Swiss nationality. It shares responsibility for the protection of the pope and the Vatican with a police force of about the same size. Italian police are responsible for patrolling the Vatican s external perimeter in Rome. Both Vatican security forces are trained in anti-terrorism tactics and in the use of modern weapons. ",1
21335,"In photos, North Korea signals a more powerful ICBM in the works","SEOUL (Reuters) - With photographs obliquely showing a new rocket design, North Korea has sent a message that it is working on an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) more powerful than any it has previously tested, weapons experts said on Thursday. If developed, such a missile could possibly reach any place on the U.S. mainland, including Washington and New York, they said. North Korea s state media published photographs late on Wednesday of leader Kim Jong Un standing next to a diagram of a three-stage rocket it called the Hwasong-13. Missile experts, who scrutinize such pictures for clues about North Korea s weapons programs, said there is no indication the rocket has been fully developed. In any case, it had not been flight tested and it was impossible to calculate its potential range. However, a three-stage rocket would be more powerful than the two-stage Hwasong-14 ICBM tested twice in July, they said. South Korean and U.S. officials and experts have said the Hwasong-14 may have a range of about 10,000 km (6,200 miles) and could possibly strike many parts of the United States, but not the East Coast.  We should be looking at Hwasong-13 as a 12,000-km class ICBM that can strike all of the mainland United States,  said Kim Dong-yub, a military expert at Seoul s Kyungnam University.  It s likely meant to show that they are working on a three-stage design with greater boost and range,  said retired Brigadier General Moon Sung-muk, an arms control expert who has represented South Korea in military talks with North Korea. He said the pictures were intended to show that North Korea was refusing to bow to international pressure to abandon its weapons programs.  The North is trying to be in control of the playing field,  Moon said. Wednesday s report carried by the KCNA news agency lacked the traditionally robust threats against the United States, and U.S. President Donald Trump expressed optimism about a possible improvement in relations. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said it was unclear if the photos were taken before or after Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Tuesday welcomed what he called the restraint North Korea had shown recently in its weapons programs and said he hoped a path could be opening for dialogue  sometime in the near future.    We consider it overall a good first step that there haven t been any missile launches or testing for ...three-plus weeks or so,  Nauert told a regular briefing. However Pyongyang needed to do a lot more to show it was willing to negotiate in good faith, she said.  The photographs were accompanied by a report of Kim issuing instructions for the production of more rocket engines and warheads during a visit to the Academy of Defense Sciences, an agency he set up to develop ballistic missiles.  We re getting a look at it to emphasize domestic production of missiles, and to advertise what s coming next,  said Joshua Pollack, a nuclear weapon and missile systems expert who edits the U.S.-based Nonproliferation Review. The photographs were published as tensions between North Korea and the United States appeared to have eased slightly since North Korea tested the Hwasong-14 and later threatened to fire missiles toward the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam.  Kyungnam University s Kim said the Hwasong-13 appeared similar to the KN-08, a three-stage missile of which only a mockup has previously been seen at military parades. But the new images show a modified design for the main booster stage that clusters two engines. Another picture published by North Korean state media showed Kim Jong Un standing next to a rocket casing that appeared to be made of a material that could include plastic. Experts said if such material were used in the missile, it would be intended to reduce weight and boost range. The photographs also showed the design for the Pukguksong-3, likely a new solid-fuel intermediate-range ballistic missile being developed for submarine launches. (For a graphic on North Korean missile ranges click tmsnrt.rs/2t6WEPL)  ",1
21336,Indian protests after 'godman' convicted of rape kill 29,"PANCHKULA, India (Reuters) - Violent protests erupted in India s Haryana state on Friday, killing at least 29 people, after a court convicted a self-styled  godman  of raping two women, angering thousands of his supporters who said he was innocent, the state chief minister said. Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh, the head of a social welfare and spiritual group, was found guilty of raping two followers in a case dating back to 2002 at the headquarters of his Dera Sacha Sauda group in the northern town of Sirsa. Supporters rampaged in response, attacking railway stations, petrol stations and television vans in towns across the northern states of Punjab and Haryana, witnesses said. At least 29 people were killed in Panchkula town where the court returned its verdict on Singh and more than 200 people were injured in Haryana state.  We tried to prevent the unrest in every possible way, but the protesters were totally out of control,  Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal told Reuters.  All the injured are getting the best treatment in government hospitals,  he said. Dozens of cars were burning in Panchkula town while a bloodied body lay in the middle of a road. About 500 army soldiers were deployed to restore order.   The situation is coming under control,  federal home secretary Rajiv Mehrishi said in New Delhi. Television footage showed frantic scenes outside a hospital in Panchkula, with medical staff hurriedly transferring injured patients from ambulances on to wheelchairs and stretchers. Smoke could be seen rising in another part of town. Singh commands a following that he claims is in the millions, many of them elderly men and women in the countryside, drawn by his social welfare programs such as medical camps and disaster relief. The court, which held him guilty of rape, set his sentencing for Monday when there could be more protests. He faces a minimum of seven years in prison. Singh, a burly, bearded man who has scripted and starred in his own films, had denied the charges. He had called on his followers through a video message to remain peaceful. A.K. Dhir, one of his lawyers, said Singh was innocent and his followers had every right to express their outrage. Protests also erupted in Punjab, New Delhi and the neighboring state of Rajasthan. Supporters of Singh set fire to some buses and two empty train coaches in the capital. Nearly 1,000 members of his Sacha Sauda group were detained. A close aide of Prime Minister Narendra Modi said federal and state officials had been instructed to work round the clock to restore law and order.  The instances of violence today are deeply distressing. I strongly condemn the violence & urge everyone to maintain peace,  Modi said on Twitter. Some Indian  holy  men can summon thousands of supporters onto the streets. Their systems of patronage and sermons are hugely popular with people who consider the government has failed them. In 2014, the attempted arrest of another guru on murder charges ended with his followers attacking police with clubs and stones. Television channels showed motorcycles, cars and buses in flames in Panchkula as hundreds of police personnel in riot gear watched helplessly. The mob also toppled a TV outdoor broadcasting van, while several news channels said their journalists were targeted. Besides the rape charges, Singh is also under investigation over allegations that he convinced 400 of his male followers to undergo castration, allegations he denies. A variety of reasons have been given for why the men agreed to castration, including promises of becoming closer to god. Singh s two films,  Messenger of God  and its sequel, include sequences in which he fights off villains and tosses burning motorbikes into the air. In his spiritual avatar, Singh dresses in plain white traditional clothes, giving sermons or planting trees. In the movies he dons bejewelled costumes, rides motorbikes and sends bad guys flying. ",1
21337,Spain to push EU leaders for better counter-terrorism coordination,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain will ask the leaders of France, Italy and Germany to discuss cross-border counter-terrorism at a summit in Paris on Monday, Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said on Friday after dual attacks in Catalonia.  Rajoy praised the police response despite mounting questions over poor communication between different investigators and an informal tip-off from Belgium which failed to prevent Spain s deadliest attacks in over a decade. He told a news conference he wanted European Union partners to  analyze the current cooperation mechanisms ... and look at options to boost them and improve them.  A van plowed into a crowd in Barcelona last week, killing 13 people. Two others were killed during the driver s getaway and in a separate car and knife attack in the Catalan coastal resort of Cambrils. The assaults have drawn scrutiny over how intelligence is shared within Europe as well as within Spain, where regional police operate alongside national forces. Belgium gave police in Catalonia, a region in northeastern Spain, a tip-off in 2016 about one of the suspects, Abdelbaki Es Satty, in the cell behind the attacks. But the warning was made through unofficial channels. Catalan police records turned up nothing linking Es Satty, a Moroccan-born imam who was living in the small Catalan town of Ripoll, to Islamist militancy at the time.  Authorities are also investigating possible French links to the cell as some of the attackers visited Paris in the run-up to the assaults.  Of the 12 suspects linked to the attacks, six were shot dead by police and two died in an explosion before the van rampage. Two are in custody on charges of murder and membership of a terrorist organization, and two have been freed on certain conditions.  Rajoy sought to play down the rift between his government and separatist leaders in Catalonia who plan an independence referendum on Oct. 1. that Madrid says would be illegal.  In the fight against terrorism, we are stronger if we set aside our differences ... Political unity is fundamental,  Rajoy said.  Carles Puigdemont, the Catalonian leader, said in an interview published on Friday that the Spanish government had deliberately underfunded the region s police force.   We asked them not to play politics with security ... Unfortunately, the Spanish government had other priorities,  Puigdemont told the Financial Times.  Spain s King Felipe and politicians from both Madrid and Catalonia plan to attend a demonstration in Barcelona on Saturday.  Residents and local officials in Cambrils, the scene of the second attack last week, were due to march on Friday under the slogan  We are all Cambrils.  ",1
21338,Slovak government leaders strike new coalition deal to defuse crisis,"BRATISLAVA (Reuters) - Slovak government leaders agreed on Friday to amend a coalition agreement to lure back a junior party which withdrew its support for the alliance three weeks ago, provoking a political crisis. The Slovak National Party (SNS), junior member in a three-party coalition, canceled the coalition agreement on Aug. 7, calling for a new deal that would give it more say in decision-making. Now leaders of the three parties   Prime Minister Robert Fico of leftist Smer, ethnic-Hungarian party Most-Hid leader Bela Bugar and SNS s Andrej Danko   have agreed to hold regular weekly meetings to meet the SNS s appeal for better communication within the coalition. Danko also complained on Thursday that co-ruling with Fico s Smer was difficult because both parties address the same voters. According to opinion poll by Polis agency, SNS support fell to 7.2 percent in August from 8.6 percent in March 2016 election.  The government needs the votes of all three coalition parties to maintain a majority in the 150-seat parliament and Fico struck a conciliatory tone on Friday.  There is no alternative to this government. We have to find new ways to communicate, to understand each other better,  Fico told journalists. SNS has argued for more government investment to revitalize thermal spa resorts and wants a national airline to be set up while Smer says spending must not endanger reaching a balanced budget planned for 2019. Opposition lawmakers have alleged the SNS pulled out of the coalition to divert attention from a row over the distribution of 300 million euros ($351.69 million) in EU subsidies by the education ministry. The conflict escalated last week when Fico demanded Education Minister Peter Plavcan s resignation over the alleged mismanagement of the subsidies managed by his department. Slovak media have reported that the ministry chose several companies with no history in research or innovation as recipients of EU subsidies aimed at supporting science. SNS leader Andrej Danko said the allegations of the misappropriation of funds were unfounded but agreed to replace Plavcan.     ",1
21339,Indian court's privacy ruling is blow to government," (Story corrects to fix spelling in paragraph 10 to Jagdish not Jagdeep) By Suchitra Mohanty and Rahul Bhatia NEW DELHI/MUMBAI (Reuters) - India s top court unanimously ruled on Thursday that individual privacy is a fundamental right, a verdict that will impact  everything from the way companies handle personal data to the roll-out of the world s largest biometric ID card program. A nine-member bench of India s Supreme Court announced the ruling in a major setback for the Narendra Modi-led government, which argued that privacy was not a fundamental right protected by the constitution.     The court ordered that two earlier rulings by large benches that said privacy was not fundamental in 1954 and 1962 now stood overruled, and it declared privacy was  an intrinsic part of the right to life and liberty  and  part of the freedoms guaranteed  by the constitution.  This is a blow to the government because the government had argued that people don t have a right to privacy,  said Prashant Bhushan, a senior lawyer involved in the case. Constitutional experts believe the judgment has a bearing on broader civil rights, and a law that criminalizes homosexuality.     Lawyers say the judgment will also have an impact on a ban on the consumption of beef in many states and alcohol in some states. In his personal conclusion, Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul wrote privacy is a fundamental right and it protects the inner sphere of an individual from interference from both state and non-state actors and lets individuals make autonomous life choices.  The privacy of the home must protect the family, marriage, procreation and sexual orientation,  Kaul wrote.  The ruling is the second landmark decision to come from the Supreme Court this week. On Tuesday it ruled that a law allowing Muslim men to divorce their wives instantly by uttering the word  talaq  three times was unconstitutional, in a major victory for Muslim women who have spent decades arguing it violated their right to equality. The privacy judgment was delivered at the end of the tenure of the chief justice of India, Jagdish Singh Khehar, who retires in a few days. It comes against the backdrop of a large multi-party case against the mandatory use of national identity cards, known as Aadhaar, as an infringement of privacy. There have also been concerns over data breaches.  India s Law Minister, Ravi Shankar Prasad, said the ruling was an affirmation of the government s stand that privacy was a fundamental right, but subject to reasonable restrictions. He said it was not a setback to the government s plans for Aadhaar, and noted that the court is separately looking into the legality of the Aadhaar Act. Critics say the ID card links enough data to create a full profile of a person s spending habits, their friends, property they own and a trove of other information. Aadhaar, which over one billion Indians have already signed up for, was set up to be a secure form of digital identification for citizens, one that they could use for government services. But as it was rolled out, concerns arose about privacy, data security and recourse for citizens in the face of data leaks and other issues. Over time, Aadhaar has been made mandatory for the filing of tax returns and operating bank accounts. Companies have also pushed to gain access to Aadhaar details of customers. Those opposed to the growing demand for Aadhaar data cheered the ruling.   Truly a victorious week for India - upholding liberty, dignity and freedom for all,  Jyotiraditya Scindia, a member of parliament from the opposition Congress party, said in a tweet. Bhushan, the senior lawyer involved in the case, said while government demands for the use of Aadhaar for tax purposes could be considered reasonable, any demands for the use of Aadhaar for travel bookings and other purchases could now be questioned in the face of the ruling.  The fact that there was no dissent is an important thing,  said Raman Chima, policy director at Access Now, which defends digital rights.  They made it clear that the government has to protect privacy.  ",1
21340,Britain will not pay 'a penny more' than it thinks right to leave EU: Boris Johnson,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain will pay  not a penny more, not a penny less  than what the government thinks its legal obligations are to the European Union as the country leaves the bloc, foreign minister Boris Johnson said on Friday. Talking to BBC Radio Four, Johnson said his comment that the EU could  go whistle  on its demands for payment was in response to being asked whether Britain would pay  100 billion euros or pounds , and not a suggestion that the government would not pay. A financial settlement is set to be one of the most difficult issues to resolve in negotiations to unravel more than 40 years of union, and the EU has said it is one of three areas the two sides must make progress on before starting talks on a future relationship, including trading arrangements.  Some of the sums that I ve seen seem to be very high. Of course, we will meet our obligations,  Johnson said.  We should pay not a penny more, not a penny less of what we think our legal obligations amount to.  ",1
21341,Brexit bill gets bigger as euro strengthens,"LONDON (Reuters) - As Britain s pound declines against the euro, talk has begun to circulate about the potential for parity. Less noted, however, is the fact that the more the pound weakens and euro strengthens the more the eventual leaving bill Britain will pay the European Union may cost. The bill in pounds, if it came today, would have risen nearly 17 percent since the vote to leave the EU in June 2016   1.4 percent since mid-August alone. Britain and the EU return to the negotiating table on Monday with the leaving bill high on the agenda. A net 60 billion euros ($70.8 billion) has been floated in Brussels. It has been shot down by British officials. Were it to be correct, however, Britain would now owe around  9.4 billion pounds ($12 billion) more than it would have at the time of the vote. For a graphic on the Brexit bill, click: reut.rs/2iw4pNQ ",1
21342,Morocco's 'mule' women scratch a living on Spanish enclave border,"MELILLA, Spain (Reuters) - In a winding early-morning queue, Jemaa Laalaoua hunches over with 50 kg (110 lb) of kitchenware on her back, waiting to cross back into Morocco from the Spanish enclave of Melilla. The 41-year-old mother of eight is one of thousands of Moroccans who eke out a living by walking loads of merchandise from Melilla into the northern Moroccan province of Nador. Goods including metal kettles that Laalaoua was carrying are counted as personal luggage and are not taxed, allowing for a small mark-up when they are shipped on and sold on across Morocco.  On average, I earn about 70 dirhams ($7.40) per trip, carrying anywhere between 40 to 70 kg,  says Laalaoua.  But most days, we never know how much we will make.  The work is backbreaking and fraught with risk. Some traders have died in stampedes through the tight border crossing.  We say our prayers in the morning and brace for the day, not knowing if we will come out dead or alive,  Laalaoua says.  She lifts undergarments to display bruises on her leg from a Spanish Civil Guard s truncheon. She says she was beaten for attempting to advance towards the front of the queue. No one from the Civil Guard in Melilla was available to comment. When Laalaoua finally gets through the narrowly caged border crossing, she weaves through the crowd to drop off her cargo inside the bustling Beni Ansar market, before rushing back to a Melilla warehouse where she will load up for her last trip of the day.  Locals with an address in the Nador province are allowed to cross through into Melilla without a visa, but cannot spend more than a day in the Spanish enclave. They can cross for five hours a day, four days a week. In total, there are between 30,000-40,000 crossings daily, according to the Spanish border police.  The practice has been going on for decades. Before, it was dominated by single mothers known locally as  mule women , who struggled to make a living elsewhere.  But as unemployment has climbed, the women have increasingly found themselves in competition with young men. Each morning the women report to a boss who tasks them with transporting an assigned quantity of goods, coordinating with warehouse owners and shippers. By 5 a.m. crowds of hundreds swell to thousands, as people wait for Spanish guards to open the border gates. Male traders fight and women shout and scream as the jostle for a place in the crush. Most manage to make two or three crossings before the border shuts again.  The merchandise spans everything from simple household goods such as towels, toilet paper, and soap, to illicit wares including alcohol and plastic bags, which have been banned in Morocco since last year. Laalaoua lives nearly 27 km (17 miles) from the border, waking up at 2 a.m. to prepare for her commute, by foot then taxi or bus.  Her husband Mohammed Zoubah, 57, fell ill six years ago, forcing Laalaoua to become the primary breadwinner.  She s strong, she s protecting this household,  he says. May God bless her with patience.  ",1
21343,"In their best red stilettos, German transvestites stomp on AfD","BERLIN (Reuters) - German drag queens are using satire to spoof a hard-right party s anti-Islam election campaign, and German voters are loving it. They have formed Transvestites for Germany, or TfD, a name that bears an uncanny resemblance to Alternative for Germany (AfD), the name of Germany s leading right-wing party, and launched a Facebook campaign that has almost 7,000 followers. The AfD s election campaign focuses on messages that Islamic customs don t belong in Germany. That has left a bad taste with many Germans, and TfD saw an opportunity to use drag fashion and wit to mock the AfD s own election placards. The AfD posters feature white German women in bikinis or raising wine glasses, with captions like  Burka? I m into bikinis  and  Burka? I m into Burgundy . The posters are emblazoned with the party s election motto:  I dare you, Germany!  The TfD version of the posters uses the AfD s light blue party color but replaces the anti-immigrant party s red arrow with red stiletto shoes.  Guzzle your crap Burgundy alone! I prefer prosecco,  reads one poster with a picture of Gisela Sommer, one of several bearded men dressed like women and raising a middle finger on TfD placards, which include the hashtags #NoAfD and #NoNaziPack. JACKY-OH WEINHAUS The TfD campaign has drawn the attention of several German newspapers and has brought some flare to an otherwise largely dull election. Chancellor Angela Merkel is expected to win and secure a fourth term in office without much trouble.  I don t think that all AfD members are Nazis, but there is an appalling racial tone in this party which is for sure shared by many of its members,  said TfD leader Jacky-Oh Weinhaus.  Buffalo Meus, the media manager of the fictional party, said he gets about 50 Facebook messages a day from people asking how they can become TfD members.  We just wanted an art project,  Meus said.  But some people have taken us for a real party. They ask us,  how can I register?  How can I vote for you?    Not all the messages are pleasant. Other readers have wished the group members death by stoning or by hanging. The group s main goal is get the 17 million Germans who stayed home in the 2013 election to the polls. They hope their votes will cut into support for the AfD, which is forecast to enter parliament for the first time with 8 to 10 percent of the vote.  Instead of supporting the AfD, the only party that criticizes Islam, you go against it,  an angry Facebook user called Hans Horn wrote to TfD this week.  If Islamisation continues and Muslim invaders from Africa continue to flood in you will be the first to be thrown from high roofs.  The TfD responded two days later:  We love you and wish you a sunny Wednesday!  ",1
21344,Samsung leader Jay Y. Lee given five-year jail sentence for bribery,"SEOUL (Reuters) - The billionaire head of South Korea s Samsung Group, Jay Y. Lee, was sentenced to five years in jail for bribery on Friday in a watershed for the country s decades-long economic order dominated by powerful, family-run conglomerates. After a six-month trial over a scandal that brought down the then president, Park Geun-hye, a court ruled that Lee had paid bribes in anticipation of favours from Park. The court also found Lee guilty of hiding assets abroad, embezzlement and perjury. Lee, the 49-year-old heir to one of the world s biggest corporate empires, has been held since February on charges that he bribed Park to help secure control of a conglomerate that owns Samsung Electronics, the world s leading smartphone and chip maker, and has interests ranging from drugs and home appliances to insurance and hotels.  Lee, who emerged stony-faced from the Seoul courtroom in a dark suit, but without a tie, and holding a document envelope, was escorted by justice ministry officials back to his detention centre.   This case is a matter of Lee Jae-yong and Samsung Group executives, who had been steadily preparing for Lee s succession ... bribing the president,  Seoul Central District Court Judge Kim Jin-dong said, using Lee s Korean name. Kim said that as the group s heir apparent, Lee  stood to benefit the most  from any political favours for Samsung. Lee denied wrongdoing, and one of his lawyers, Song Wu-cheol, said he would appeal.  The entire guilty verdict is unacceptable,  Song said, adding he was confident his client s innocence would be affirmed by a higher court. The case is expected to be appealed all the way up to the Supreme Court, likely next year.   The five year-sentence - one of the longest given to a South Korean business leader - is a landmark for South Korea, where the family-run conglomerates - or chaebols - have long been revered for helping transform the once war-ravaged country into a global economic powerhouse. But they have more recently been criticized for holding back the economy and stifling small businesses and start-ups. Samsung, a symbol of the country s rise from poverty following the 1950-53 Korean War, has come to epitomize the cosy and sometimes corrupt ties between politicians and the chaebols.  The ruling is a turning point for chaebols,  said Chang Sea-jin, a business professor at Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology.  In the past, chaebols weren t afraid of laws because they were lenient. Now, Lee s ruling sets a precedent for strict enforcement of laws, and chaebols should be wary.  Under South Korean law, sentences of more than three years cannot be suspended. The third-generation de facto head of the powerful Samsung Group, Lee has effectively directed operations since his father, Lee Kun-hee, was incapacitated by a heart attack in 2014.    Some investors worry a prolonged leadership vacuum could slow decision-making at the group, which has more than five dozen affiliate companies and assets of 363.2 trillion won ($322.13 billion). Its listed companies make up about 30 percent of the market value of South Korea s KOSPI stock index. Many tycoons, including Lee s father, were convicted of crimes in the past, ranging from bribery, embezzlement and tax evasion, only to get presidential pardons, as both the government and the public feared going too hard on them would hurt the economy. But South Korea s new liberal president, Moon Jae-in, who won a May election, has pledged to rein in the chaebols, empower minority shareholders and end the practice of pardoning tycoons convicted of white-collar crime. The presidential Blue House said in a statement that it hopes the ruling will serve as an opportunity to  end the nexus of business and politics that has held back the country.  In a June interview with Reuters, Moon said he did not believe Samsung s operations depended just on Lee.   When Lee was taken into custody, the share prices of Samsung went up,  Moon said.  If we were to succeed in reforming the running of the chaebols and also increasing transparency, I believe this will not only help the economic power of Korea but also help to make the chaebols themselves more competitive.  Investors say shares in chaebol companies trade at lower prices than they would otherwise because of their opaque corporate governance - the so-called Korea Discount. Shares of Samsung Electronics dropped more than 1 percent, and other group companies, including Samsung C&T and Samsung SDS, also turned lower after the verdict. The court said Samsung s financial support of entities backed by a friend of Park s, Choi Soon-sil, constituted bribery, including 7.2 billion won ($6.4 million) in sponsoring the equestrian career of Choi s daughter. In return, prosecutors say, Samsung sought government support for the 2015 merger of two of its affiliates, which helped Lee tighten control of the conglomerate. His lawyers had argued that the merger was done for business reasons. Some criminal lawyers had expected Lee to be found innocent of the major charges, as much of the evidence at the trial has been circumstantial. The appeals court and the Supreme Court might put a greater emphasis on prosecutors to provide direct proof of quid pro quo, the lawyers said. Park, who was forced from office in March, faces her own corruption trial, with a ruling expected later this year. Prosecutors have argued that Park and Lee took part in the same act of bribery - so Lee s conviction would appear ominous  for the former president.  Hundreds of Park s diehard supporters who rallied outside the court on Friday reacted with outrage to the ruling.  Our ultimate goal is Park s acquittal and release,  Kim Won-joon, a 62-year-old former construction worker said.  We worry how today s guilty verdict for Lee would affect Park s ruling.  Such supporters are a minority compared with the huge crowds that turned out in Seoul every week to call for Park s ouster after the bribery scandal surfaced late last year. Public approval of Lee s prosecution may underscore growing frustration in Asia s fourth-largest economy that the wealth amassed by conglomerates has not trickled down.  I think it was difficult for a court to ignore public opinion, given that the scandal rocked the country,  said Chung Sun-sup, chief executive of research firm Chaebul.com.  The five-year sentence was low given that he was found guilty of all the charges. I think the court gave him a lighter sentence, taking into account Samsung s importance to the economy.   ",1
21345,Thailand's ousted PM Yingluck has fled abroad: sources,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Ousted Thai prime minister Yingluck Shinawatra has fled the country ahead of a verdict against her in a negligence trial brought by the junta that overthrew her, sources close to the Shinawatra family said on Friday. Yingluck, 50, whose family has dominated Thai politics for more than 15 years, failed to show up at court for judgment in a case centered on the multi-billion dollar losses incurred by a rice subsidy scheme for farmers. Overthrown in 2014, Yingluck had faced up to 10 years in prison if found guilty. Her former commerce minister was jailed in a related case for 42 years on Friday.  She has definitely left Thailand,  said one source, who is also a member of her Puea Thai Party. The sources did not say where she had gone. Yingluck s brother, Thaksin Shinawatra, who heads the political clan, was overthrown in a 2006 coup and fled into exile to escape a corruption conviction that he said was aimed at demolishing the populist movement he founded. The struggle between that movement and a Bangkok-centered royalist and pro-military elite has been at the heart of years of turmoil in Thailand. The verdict against Yingluck could have reignited tension, though the army has largely snuffed out open opposition. After Yingluck failed to show up, the Supreme Court issued an arrest warrant against her and rescheduled the verdict to Sept. 27. It said it did not believe her excuse that she could not attend the court hearing because of an ear problem.  It is possible that she has fled already,  Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters. He later said police were investigating reports that she had left via Koh Chang, an island close to the Cambodian border. Cambodian immigration police said she had not entered their country. Yingluck last commented on social media on Thursday, saying on her Facebook page that she would not be able to meet supporters at court because of tight security. She had been banned from traveling abroad at the beginning of the trial in 2015 and has attended previous hearings. The court confiscated the 30 million baht ($900,000) that Yingluck had posted as bail. Hundreds of her supporters had gathered outside the court on Friday where about 4,000 police had been deployed. Some held roses while others wore white gloves with the word  love  on them. Although Yingluck had already been banned from politics by the junta in 2015, she could have been a party figurehead for elections that junta leader Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha has promised for next year. If Yingluck has fled it would disappoint her supporters and make her opponents feel vindicated, said Thitinan Pongsudhirak, director of the Institute of Security and International Studies at Chulalongkorn University.  It does not help with Thailand s division and polarization,  he said. Under the rice subsidy program, Yingluck s administration paid rice farmers up to 50 percent more than market prices. It left Thailand with huge rice stockpiles and caused $8 billion in losses. Yingluck has said she was only in charge of coming up with the policy but not the day-to-day management of it.  If she has fled people would not trust her, but the masses would still support her because they benefited from her policies,  38-year-old delivery man Sakunchai Muenlamai. The Supreme Court sentenced Yingluck s former commerce minister, Boonsong Teriyapirom, to 42 years in jail after finding him guilty of falsifying government-to-government rice deals between Thailand and China in 2013. He said he would appeal, but was told it was too late in the day to apply for bail so will spend the weekend behind bars. ",1
21346,Illegal miners in South Africa swallow gold in condoms,"CAPE TOWN (Reuters) - Illegal miners in South Africa are swallowing unrefined gold and platinum in condoms as a new tactic to avoid arrest for smuggling that is costing the industry $1.5 billion a year, the police told parliament on Friday. Illegal mining has plagued South Africa s mining sector for decades, and extends from small time pilfering to global organized crime networks.  The crime costs the industry and government an estimated 20 billion rand ($1.5 billion) a year in lost sales, taxes and royalties, the Chamber of Mines, an industry body, says.  They are ingesting the amalgam concealed in condoms and this is done for two principle reasons. One is to be able to bypass mine security and the other is also to prevent being robbed by opposing groups,  Brigadier Ebrahim Kadwa, a commander in South Africa s Hawks organized crime unit, said, showing parliament slides of gold-filled condoms in miners  x-rays. Potentially toxic clumps of mercury and gold concentrate  can be refined to extract gold once passed through the body. Illegal mining in South Africa involves a complex criminal web that extends from desperate unemployed workers, many from neighboring countries, to gun-toting gang bosses and front companies exporting refined products to global markets.  The threat posed by illicit mining and related crimes continues to proliferate across the country,  Kadwa said, adding that the majority of incidents were in gold mines owned by Harmony Gold and Sibanye. However, hundreds of incidents occurred throughout the country and targeted other minerals such as diamonds and chrome. High rates of unemployment and a stagnant economy helped entice illegal miners to the dangerous work, which is also being driven by rising commodity prices.  Kadwa said a weakening of the rand currency between December 2015 to April 2016, saw the relative gold price rise, encouraging illegal smuggling. In February, 22 illegal miners were given lengthy sentences after being found guilty of 577 charges, ranging from theft of gold to racketeering and money laundering.  This is a landmark moment in the fight against illegal mining in the country,  Kadwa said.  ",1
21347,Downfall of ex-Samsung strategy chief leaves 'salarymen' disillusioned,"SEOUL (Reuters) - Over four decades, Choi Gee-sung, the fourth son of a poor civil servant, worked his way to the top of South Korea s Samsung Group, one of the world s leading business empires, inspiring a legion of salaried workers. On Friday, a Seoul court sentenced Choi to four years in jail for his part in a corruption scandal that toppled the country s president, and handed his billionaire boss, Jay Y. Lee, a five-year jail sentence. Song Wu-cheol, lead defense attorney for Choi, Lee and others, said they would appeal the convictions. Choi s downfall has fueled a sense of disillusionment at a time when the country s biggest conglomerate looks to its army of loyal  Samsung men  to navigate a potential leadership vacuum.  Choi was Lee s mentor and headed up Samsung s Corporate Strategy Office - dubbed the  control tower  - for more than four years before it was disbanded earlier this year after it came under fire for its role in the graft scandal. The office, which oversaw the Samsung group, orchestrating the big decisions on asset sales or arranging support for weakened group affiliates, was closed in February, and Choi stepped down. The Samsung scandal is the latest in a series to mire South Korea s so-called chaebols - the powerful, family-run conglomerates that dominate Asia s fourth-largest economy - which are criticized for their often cozy ties to politicians. The involvement of Choi - who rose as high in a conglomerate as possible for someone from outside the powerful chaebol families - has shocked many Samsung employees who admired his business acumen and work ethic that helped Samsung become a global technology powerhouse.  Choi has been portrayed as a poster child of a successful businessman ... I am dejected and angered by this scandal,  said one Samsung employee who declined to be identified. A Samsung company official said:  It s hard to do a job like that without loyalty. If the previous generation s frame of thinking was loyalty, that s got to change going forward.  Known for his tenacity, attention to detail, and focused drive, Choi took credit for helping Samsung Electronics, the group s crown jewel, overtake Nokia and Apple Inc in mobiles and Sony Corp in television manufacturing. It is also the world s leading chipmaker.  I played a part in today s Samsung standing tall as the No. 1 in semiconductors. We surpassed (mobile firm) Nokia when everyone thought it couldn t be done,  Choi recalled during his trial testimony, as Lee and other charged Samsung executives sat alongside.  The day media reported Samsung surpassed Intel as the No. 1 in semiconductors was the 40th anniversary of my first day at Samsung. It was also the day when the court hearing continued until 2 a.m.,  he said, referring to late July when Samsung reported record earnings on strong chip sales.  I was overwhelmed with feelings of regret, reflection and sadness.   Born into a poor family during the Korean War in 1951, Choi joined Samsung in 1977 to  put food on the table  after studying at the prestigious Seoul National University. Having worked in all Samsung s main businesses - from chips and mobile to display screens - Choi was among the few to rise to the top without an engineering background. He became CEO of Samsung Electronics in 2010.  Some people like me think that the higher up you go, the harder you have to work and the more unjust things you have to deal with,  said a 33-year-old Samsung employee, who declined to be identified.  I think he (Choi) may have agonized, though it was his choice to take the job.  As head of the  control tower , Choi said he accepted greater responsibility than Lee, and the decisions he made over matters related to the scandal were inevitable to  protect  Samsung from political pressure. The chaebols dominate the local economy, providing millions of jobs and defining many people s identity in South Korean society. Salaried workers are expected to serve them with long hours and unquestionable loyalty. That culture puts top executives under pressure to take the blame for their boss, experts say.  It s like Japan s samurai, who sacrifice their lives for the sake of their masters,  said Chung Sun-sup, head of Chaebul.com, a corporate analysis firm.  It s very regrettable, but that s the reality of what s expected from professional managers.  It s a path Choi felt he had little option but to take.  If you were to hold Samsung responsible, please blame me. I am aging and lost judgment ... Others just trusted me and followed my judgment,  he told the court during the trial. ",1
21348,Slain Philippine teenager's family files murder complaint against police,"MANILA (Reuters) - The parents and lawyers of a Philippine high school student shot dead last week filed a murder complaint on Friday against three  anti-narcotics policemen amid rare public outrage about the country s war on drugs.  The death of 17-year-old Kian Loyd delos Santos on Aug. 16 in a rundown area of Manila has drawn huge domestic attention to allegations by activists that police have been systematically executing suspected users and dealers, a charge the authorities deny.  The head of the Public Attorney s Office (PAO) and the parents of the slain youth submitted the complaint against the three policemen at the justice department, calling for them to be charged with murder and breaches of a law on torture. The PAO, a government agency, provides indigent litigants free legal assistance. Delos Santos was found dead in an alley with a gun in his left hand. Police said they killed him in self defense, but his family said he had no weapon, was right-handed and had no involvement in drugs. Security cameras showed the officers aggressively escorting a man matching delos Santos  description in the direction of the spot where he was killed. The three policemen admit they were the people shown in the video, but that they were escorting another suspect, not delos Santos. PAO and police pathologists who did separate autopsies told a Senate hearing that delos Santos was shot from above, from close range.   It was cold-blooded murder, he was shot while kneeling down,  PAO chief Persida Acosta told news channel ANC.  We are here for truth and justice so we have to file this immediately.  The complaint, if accepted, would follow at least two cases filed last year against police over President Rodrigo Duterte s war on drugs, which has killed thousands of Filipinos, outraged human rights groups and alarmed Western governments. Most Filipinos however support the campaign, according to opinion polls, and domestic opposition has been muted.  Several police commanders relieved of their duty over the student s killing told a Senate inquiry on Thursday that delos Santos was not the target of their operation, and his links to drug were known to them only the day after his death. Officers said they learned of his suspected links to drugs from another drug suspect, a cellphone and chatter circulating on social media. Delos Santos was among more than 90 people killed last week in three nights of intensified raids dubbed  One Time, Big Time , which had Duterte s steadfast support. The term refers to a coordinated police drive to stamp out crime in a particular district. The teen s killing puts focus on Duterte s repeated promises to police administering the crackdown that he would insulate them from any legal consequences. Critics say his rhetoric is tantamount to giving police a license to kill. Duterte took a softer tone on Wednesday, telling police to arrest suspects and kill only if their lives were in danger, adding that he would not protect those who killed unarmed people. ",1
21349,China says nothing will stop its long-range air force drills,"BEIJING (Reuters) - No amount of interference or shadowing of its aircraft will stop the Chinese air force from carrying out long-range drills, the defense ministry said, announcing another round of exercises of the type that have unnerved neighbouring Taiwan and Japan. The air force carried out further long-range exercises on Thursday, the ministry said, without giving details of where they happened. Japan said it was concerned about bombers flying close to its territory.  Such  normal  drills accord with international law and practices and are part of an  ordinary need  to raise combat abilities and strengthen the military, it added.  No matter what obstructions are encountered, the Chinese air force will carry on as before; no matter who flies with us, the Chinese air force will fly a lot and as normal!  the ministry added, citing an air force spokesman. China has been increasingly asserting itself in territorial disputes in the South and East China Seas. It is also worried about self-ruled Taiwan, claimed by China as its own and run by a government Beijing fears is intent on independence. Japan s government said six Chinese bombers flying from the East China Sea on Thursday passed close to its islands on route to the Pacific Ocean. It was the first time we have recorded Chinese military aircraft flying this route,  Minister of Defence Itsunori Onodera said during a regular press briefing on Friday.  We expressed our concern through diplomatic channels,  he added. Drills over the past few months have mostly focused on flying near Taiwan and by Japan s southern island chain to the north of Taiwan.  Taiwan s military said earlier this month it was on a high state of alert following three straight days of drills by the Chinese air force near it. Beijing has never ruled out the use of force to bring proudly democratic Taiwan under its control, and has warned that any moves towards formal independence could prompt an armed response. Taiwan is well armed with mostly U.S. weaponry, but has been pressing Washington to sell it more high-tech equipment to better deter China.     China is in the midst of an ambitious military modernization program that includes building aircraft carriers and developing stealth fighters to give it the ability to project power far from its shores. Separately, the official Xinhua news agency said on Friday that Chinese warships had carried out live fire drills in the western part of the Indian Ocean, though it did not say where exactly. Chinese warships frequently pass through the Indian Ocean on their way to anti-piracy patrols in the waters off Somalia and Yemen. India, with which China has a festering border dispute, has expressed concern about Chinese military activity in the Indian Ocean. ",1
21350,"U.N. condemns attack on Myanmar security forces, calls for calm","GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations condemned a   coordinated series of attacks  on Myanmar security forces on Friday and called on all sides in the crisis in the northern state of Rakhine to refrain from violence. At least 21 insurgents and 11 members of the security forces were killed in the troubled Rakhine state on Friday when militants staged a major coordinated attack on 24 police posts and an army base, the military said. The statement, issued by the U.N. resident coordinator in Myanmar, Renata Lok-Dessallien, and read out to a Geneva news briefing, urged  all parties to refrain from violence, protect civilians and restore order .  We are deeply concerned about the security situation in Rakhine state,  she added.  ",1
21351,Russian nuclear bombers fly near North Korea in rare show of force,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian nuclear-capable strategic bombers have flown a rare mission around the Korean peninsula at the same time as the United States and South Korea conduct joint military exercises  that have infuriated Pyongyang. Russia, which has said it is strongly against any unilateral U.S. military action on the peninsula, said Tupolev-95MS bombers, code named  Bears  by NATO, had flown over the Pacific Ocean, the Sea of Japan, the Yellow Sea and the East China Sea, prompting Japan and Seoul to scramble jets to escort them. The flight, which also included planes with advanced intelligence gathering capabilities, was over international waters and was announced by the Russian Defence Ministry on the same day as Moscow complained about the U.S.-South Korean war games.  The U.S. and South Korea holding yet more large-scale military and naval exercises does not help reduce tensions on the Korean peninsula,  Maria Zakharova, a spokeswoman for the foreign ministry, told a news briefing in Moscow.  We urge all sides to exercise maximum caution. Given the arms build-up in the region, any rash move or even an unintended incident could spark a military conflict.  In Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying did not comment specifically on the Russian mission when asked, reiterating China hoped all sides could quickly return to talks and appropriately and peacefully resolve the situation.  The United States and South Korea began the long-planned joint military exercises on Monday, heightening tensions with Pyongyang which called the drills a  reckless  step towards nuclear conflict. Some military experts regard the hulking Russian turboprop bombers which made the flight near the Korean peninsula as a relic of the Cold War. But Russia has upgraded the aircraft since the Soviet fall and, since 2007, has used the planes to back its diplomacy with shows of force and to probe other countries  airspaces.        Moscow said the bombers had been accompanied by Sukhoi-35S fighter jets and A-50 early warning and control aircraft. The A-50s, the Russian equivalent of the Boeing E-3 Sentry AWACS aircraft, are designed to track aerial and ground targets at a long range, among other capabilities. Moscow did not say how many aircraft had taken part or when the mission had taken place.  Our long-range aviation pilots, according to an established plan, regularly carry out flights over neutral waters over the Atlantic, the Arctic, the Black Sea and the Pacific Ocean from their bases and from tactical airfields,  the defense ministry said in the same statement. It said the TU-95MS bombers were refueled in mid-air during the mission, and that during parts of the route they had been escorted by South Korean and Japanese military jets. Russia, which shares a border with North Korea, has repeatedly voiced concerns about rising tensions on the Korean peninsula caused by Pyongyang s nuclear missile program, and has also complained about possible plans by Japan to deploy a U.S. anti-missile system on its soil. Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Zakharova said on Thursday that if Tokyo did go ahead and opt to deploy such a system it would be disproportional to the North Korean missile threat and could upset wider strategic stability in the region. Japan has at least twice before this year been forced to scramble its jets to intercept Russian aircraft. The daily Izvestia newspaper reported in October last year that Russia was close to finishing setting up a new division of heavy bombers to patrol  the Japan-Guam-Hawaiian Islands triangle .  ",1
21352,Thai immigration police chief says no information Yingluck has fled country,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - The head of Thailand s immigration police chief said he believed former prime minister Yingluck Shinawatra remained in the country after a Supreme Court judge raised suspicion that she had fled after she failed to show up on Friday for the verdict in a negligence case. Yingluck, whose government was ousted in a 2014 coup, faces up to 10 years in prison if found guilty.  Up until this point we have no information showing that Yingluck has exited via any of Thailand s border check points,  Immigration police chief Nanthathorn Prousoontorn told Reuters.  I believe she is still in Thailand. If she is found she will be arrested,  he said.  A lawyer for Yingluck said on Friday he did not know her wherabouts. The Supreme Court set a new date of Sept. 27 for the verdict but said it would also seek an arrest warrant for Yingluck. The court said Yingluck gave an ear problem as the reason she could not come to court to hear the verdict. ",1
21353,Thailand's ousted PM Yingluck has fled abroad: sources,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Ousted Thai prime minister Yingluck Shinawatra has fled the country ahead of a verdict against her in a negligence trial brought by the junta that overthrew her, sources close to the Shinawatra family said on Friday. Yingluck, 50, whose family has dominated Thai politics for more than 15 years, failed to show up at court for judgment in a case centered on the multi-billion dollar losses incurred by a rice subsidy scheme for farmers. Overthrown in 2014, Yingluck had faced up to 10 years in prison if found guilty. Her former commerce minister was jailed in a related case for 42 years on Friday.  She has definitely left Thailand,  said one source, who is also a member of her Puea Thai Party. The sources did not say where she had gone. Yingluck s brother, Thaksin Shinawatra, who heads the political clan, was overthrown in a 2006 coup and fled into exile to escape a corruption conviction that he said was aimed at demolishing the populist movement he founded. The struggle between that movement and a Bangkok-centered royalist and pro-military elite has been at the heart of years of turmoil in Thailand. The verdict against Yingluck could have reignited tension, though the army has largely snuffed out open opposition. After Yingluck failed to show up, the Supreme Court issued an arrest warrant against her and rescheduled the verdict to Sept. 27. It said it did not believe her excuse that she could not attend the court hearing because of an ear problem.  It is possible that she has fled already,  Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters. He later said police were investigating reports that she had left via Koh Chang, an island close to the Cambodian border. Cambodian immigration police said she had not entered their country. Yingluck last commented on social media on Thursday, saying on her Facebook page that she would not be able to meet supporters at court because of tight security. She had been banned from traveling abroad at the beginning of the trial in 2015 and has attended previous hearings. The court confiscated the 30 million baht ($900,000) that Yingluck had posted as bail. Hundreds of her supporters had gathered outside the court on Friday where about 4,000 police had been deployed. Some held roses while others wore white gloves with the word  love  on them. Although Yingluck had already been banned from politics by the junta in 2015, she could have been a party figurehead for elections that junta leader Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha has promised for next year. If Yingluck has fled it would disappoint her supporters and make her opponents feel vindicated, said Thitinan Pongsudhirak, director of the Institute of Security and International Studies at Chulalongkorn University.  It does not help with Thailand s division and polarization,  he said. Under the rice subsidy program, Yingluck s administration paid rice farmers up to 50 percent more than market prices. It left Thailand with huge rice stockpiles and caused $8 billion in losses. Yingluck has said she was only in charge of coming up with the policy but not the day-to-day management of it.  If she has fled people would not trust her, but the masses would still support her because they benefited from her policies,  38-year-old delivery man Sakunchai Muenlamai. The Supreme Court sentenced Yingluck s former commerce minister, Boonsong Teriyapirom, to 42 years in jail after finding him guilty of falsifying government-to-government rice deals between Thailand and China in 2013. He said he would appeal, but was told it was too late in the day to apply for bail so will spend the weekend behind bars. ",1
21354,"Colombia FARC rebels include boots, kitchen supplies in list of assets","BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia s FARC rebel group included footwear and orange juicers in the list of assets it will hand over for victim reparations, drawing ire on Thursday from officials who maintain the guerrillas have extensive criminal wealth and sparking the government to announce a special verification commission. The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) agreed under a 2016 peace deal with the government to hand over all funds and property to pay reparations to victims of forced disappearance, rape, displacement, kidnapping and land mines. The group has for decades extorted landowners and business people, earned ransoms from hostage takings and sold coca, the base ingredient in cocaine, to drug traffickers. Officials said on Thursday that the list, which was originally given to the United Nations and has not been made public, included many items that have little or no monetary value and made a mockery of victims.  Pots, orange juicers, lemon juicers, plates, boots, which will be depreciated and don t have a commercial value and which above all will not be a source of reparation for victims,  Attorney General Nestor Humberto Martinez told journalists. Martinez added the full list should be released. The list will be reviewed by a special commission in a bid to find missing assets, verify their origin and decide how they will be managed, the government said later on Thursday.   Those assets which have not been inventoried and are later discovered will obligatorily mean punishment and an ordinary justice procedure against members of the FARC,  justice minister Enrique Gil said. All assets will be directed toward victims  reparation, interior minister Guillermo Rivera added, and not to reintegration programs for the FARC fighters themselves. Colombian officials have previously accused the FARC of possessing large amounts of cash, as well as ranches, businesses and luxury homes, including some located abroad. A lawyer representing the FARC, Enrique Santiago, told local radio that the group had not earned an income in years and had to spend extensively to maintain its more than 7,000 fighters, after calling off kidnappings and extortion during peace talks. The rebels finished handing over more than 8,000 weapons to the U.N., which oversaw their demobilization, earlier this month. On Sunday the group will kick off a conference that looks set to cement its transition into a political party. ",1
21355,New Zealand to increase military personnel in Afghanistan by three,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - Just days after the United States said it would increase troop numbers in Afghanistan and ask its allies to do the same, New Zealand on Friday announced an extra three non-combat military personnel, boosting its military commitment to 13. U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday unveiled his strategy to end the conflict in Afghanistan, committing the United States to an open-ended conflict and signaling he would dispatch more troops to America s longest war. U.S. officials have said Trump had signed off on plans to send about 4,000 more U.S. troops to add to the roughly 8,400 now deployed in Afghanistan. U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis has since said exact troop numbers are yet to be decided. Trump said he would ask coalition allies to support his new strategy, with additional troops and funding, to end the 16-year conflict. New Zealand Defence Minister Mark Mitchell s announcement boosting the country s Kabul-based troops to 13 follows a request for NATO (National Atlantic Treaty Organization) to send more troops to Afghanistan earlier this year. New Zealand has had troops in Afghanistan since 2001. Its presence has been decreasing since 2013 but it has kept some personnel on the ground to train local officers.  New Zealand will continue to stand alongside our partners in supporting stability in Afghanistan and countering the threat of international terrorism,  said Mitchell. Prime Minister Bill English said the government has ruled out making a decision on sending combat troops to Afghanistan before New Zealand s election on Sept. 23. Opposition leader Jacinda Ardern told local media this week she would not back sending troops to Afghanistan at the moment but was not privy to intelligence such decisions were based on. ",1
21356,"Trump calls Egypt's Sisi, says keen to overcome obstacles","CAIRO (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump called Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi on Thursday and said he was keen to overcome any obstacles in the way of cooperation, just days after the U.S. said it would withhold some financial aid to Egypt.  President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi received a phone call tonight from U.S. President Donald Trump who affirmed the strength of the friendship between Egypt and the United States and expressed his keenness on continuing to develop the relationship and overcome any obstacles that might affect it,  Sisi s office said in a statement late on Thursday. On Tuesday, two U.S. sources familiar with the matter told Reuters that Washington had decided to deny Egypt $95.7 million in aid and to delay a further $195 million because it had failed to make progress on respecting human rights and democracy. Egypt, an important regional partner for the United States because of its control of the Suez Canal and its border with Israel, receives $1.3 billion in aid annually and was critical of the U.S. decision. Its foreign ministry said on Wednesday that the decision to withhold aid reflected  poor judgment  and that it could have  negative implications  on achieving common goals and interests between the two countries. The decision reflects a U.S. desire to continue security cooperation as well as its frustration with Cairo s stance on civil liberties. In particular, a new law regulating non-governmental organizations is widely seen as part a growing crackdown on dissent, said the U.S. sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity. Egyptian rights activists have said they face the worst crackdown in their history under Sisi, accusing him of erasing freedoms won in the 2011 Arab Spring uprising that ended Hosni Mubarak s 30-year rule. Egyptian lawmakers have said the NGO law was needed for national security. The Egyptian government has long accused human rights groups of taking foreign funds to sow chaos, and several are facing investigation regarding their funding. Sisi and his Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry met Trump s son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner in Cairo on Wednesday but neither the presidency nor the ministry mentioned the aid issue in statements released after the meetings. ",1
21357,"British foreign secretary visits Libyan strongman, backs ceasefire","TUNIS (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson met Libyan commander Khalifa Haftar during a visit to Benghazi on Thursday and urged him to stick to a ceasefire announced in Paris last month and to back U.N.-led efforts to end Libya s conflict. Johnson s visit is the latest show of growing Western recognition of Haftar, who has long been supported by Egypt and the United Arab Emirates for his anti-Islamist stance.    Haftar is the dominant figure in eastern Libya and since early last year has spurned the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord (GNA) in the capital, Tripoli, while making military gains on the ground. The GNA, hampered by infighting and its failure to win endorsement from eastern-based factions, has largely failed to extend its authority or end the turmoil that developed after a NATO-backed uprising toppled Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi in 2011. Since 2014 Libya has had rival governments in Tripoli and the east. It has become the main departure point for migrants catching boats to Europe and it has seen Islamic State establish and then lose a regional stronghold in the coastal city of Sirte.  International efforts to broker a political deal have resulted in two meetings between Haftar and GNA Prime Minister Fayez Seraj, one in Abu Dhabi in May and the other in Paris in July.  At the Paris meeting the two men shook hands on a ceasefire and elections next year, though Haftar quickly played down the commitments. Johnson met Haftar during a visit to the eastern city of Benghazi, where Haftar declared victory in early July after a three-year military campaign against Islamists and other rivals. He said he had encouraged Haftar to back new U.N. envoy Ghassan Salame s efforts to find a political settlement for Libya by revising the 2015 deal that created GNA.     Field Marshall Haftar has a role to play in the political process,  Johnson said in a statement.  I urged him to adhere to the commitments he made during recent meetings in Paris, to respect a ceasefire, and to work with Mr. Salame in order to amend the Libyan Political Agreement.  Haftar, who fell out with Gaddafi in the 1980s and lived for two decades in the United States, remains a divisive figure in Libya. His forces have replaced civilian mayors in many eastern cities and talked of  liberating  Tripoli. Critics have said  they fear a return to military rule.  On Wednesday, Johnson made his second trip to Tripoli to meet Seraj. He also traveled to Misrata, a port city and major military power that has led opposition to Haftar.   I have encouraged all sides to resolve their differences by dialogue, not conflict, and to respect international human rights law,  Johnson said.   Since the meeting in Paris, Haftar s Libyan National Army has threatened to advance into the eastern city of Derna, and tightened a blockade around the city. The International Criminal Court has also issued an arrest warrant for a commander in an elite Libyan National Army unit accused of executing dozens of prisoners in the closing stages of the Benghazi campaign.  The Libyan National Army has said it is investigating the case. ",1
21358,Guatemalan prosecutors to probe parties over campaign financing,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Guatemala s attorney general and a United Nations-backed anti-corruption body will investigate the nation s political parties on suspicion of illegal campaign financing during the 2015 presidential election campaign, the groups said on Thursday.  We have agreed with the attorney general to initiate an investigation into the electoral campaigns of all political parties in the 2015 cycle,  said Ivan Velasquez, head of the International Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala (CICIG). The CICIG has become a thorn in the side of Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales since it kicked off a graft probe focused on his elder brother and one of the president s sons. In 2015, the CICIG was instrumental in removing Morales  predecessor Otto Perez from office after identifying him as a key player in an alleged multimillion-dollar corruption racket. Perez is now in prison on trial with his former vice-president. Morales, a former comedian who won office in 2015 on a pledge to fight corruption, is scheduled to meet tomorrow with U.N. Secretary General Antonio Guterres in New York. Two government officials told Reuters on Wednesday Morales plans to ask Guterres to replace Velasquez, a Colombian whose tenure as CICIG chief is set to run out in 2019. A Guatemalan government spokesman declined to say whether Morales would seek Velasquez s removal, but did state that the president would discuss improving the CICIG with Guterres, and also propose a new model for combating crime. ",1
21359,Turkey will never be EU member under Erdogan: Germany's Gabriel,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Turkey will never be a member of the European Union as long as it is governed by Tayyip Erdogan, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Thursday, accusing the Turkish president of failing to take accession talks with the bloc seriously. His remarks in an interview with mass-selling newspaper Bild are likely to further inflame relations between the two NATO allies after Erdogan urged German Turks to boycott Germany s main parties in next month s general election.  It is clear that in this state, Turkey  will never become a member of the EU,  Gabriel said.  It s not because we don t want them but because the Turkish government and Erdogan are moving fast away from everything that Europe stands for.  EU leaders have been critical of Erdogan s crackdown on opponents before and after a failed military coup against him in July last year. Accession talks have ground to a virtual halt though Turkey remains a candidate for membership. Turkey s Western allies fear that sweeping new powers Erdogan won in a tightly fought referendum in April are pushing Turkey away from democratic values. Erdogan says both the crackdown and the increased presidential powers are needed to help tackle serious challenges to Turkey s security both at home and beyond its borders. At a highpoint in tensions earlier this year, Erdogan angered Germany, home to 3 million Turks about half of whom can vote in the election on Sept. 24, by accusing German authorities of Nazi-like behavior. Relations between the two countries have also been strained by Turkey s arrest of a Turkish-German journalist and a German human rights activist. ",1
21360,Clashes in Rome as police evict refugee squatters from square,"ROME (Reuters) - Police using water cannon and batons clashed on Thursday with refugees who had occupied a small Rome square in defiance of an  order to leave a building where they had been squatting. The clashes were the latest example of tensions in Italy as the country deals with an influx of migrants. They quickly became fodder for political debate, particularly on the police handling of the incident. Refugees were screaming and trying to hit police, who were dressed in riot gear, with sticks.  The square, just one block from Rome s main train station, was strewn with mattresses, overturned rubbish bins and broken plastic chairs. Some 100 refugees had occupied Piazza Independenza since Saturday, when most of about 800 squatters were evicted from an adjacent office building they had occupied for about five years. Hung on the building was a sheet with writing reading  We are refugees, not terrorists  in Italian. A small fire burned on the pavement and a sheet hanging from a first-floor window was set alight by squatters inside.    Most of the squatters were Eritreans who had been granted asylum. Police said they had refused to accept lodging offered by the city. In a statement, the police said the refugees had gas canisters, some of which they had opened, and officers had been hit by rocks, bottles and pepper spray. Two people were arrested and Doctors Without Borders said in a statement that its medics had given first aid to 13 refugees, including one for a broken bone. Human Rights Watch and members of some leftist political parties criticized the police handling of the situation, saying the use of such force was disproportionate.  The authorities need to urgently find appropriate, alternative housing, and investigate the use of force by the police during the eviction,  said Judith Sunderland, associate director for Europe at Human Rights Watch.  It s hard to see how the use of water cannon on people was necessary or proportionate,  she said. Various Roman Catholic groups that help immigrants also criticized police conduct.  But the Italian police union COISIP said officers were forced to use water cannon because of the  risk of explosions caused by flammable liquids . Police said they were looking at possible  irregularities  after what appeared to be a policeman told a colleague to  break the arm  of any squatter who threw anything while being chased, according to a video that circulated widely on social media. Another video showed a woman fly to the ground after being hit in the face by water cannon, and later put in an ambulance. Squatters had put cooking gas tanks on the railing of a first-floor balcony, apparently ready to be opened to be used as makeshift flamethrowers, or dropped onto the square, Reuters photographers said on Wednesday. Matteo Salvini, head of the right-wing, anti-immigrant Northern League, Tweeted his unequivocal support of police, saying  Go boys:  Evictions, order, cleaning up and EXPULSIONS! Italians are with you.  More than 600,000 boat migrants have arrived in Italy from North Africa since 2014. Some 200,000 asylum seekers now stay in state-run shelters. ",1
21361,"'Let's get emotional' says German SPD, struggling to oust Merkel","BERLIN (Reuters) - One month away from a national election, Germany s Social Democrats are struggling in their efforts to narrow a yawning gap in support behind Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives. The left-leaning Social Democratic Party (SPD) is languishing on around 24 percent support, polls show, far behind Merkel s conservatives bloc, on some 38 percent. Germans go to the polls on Sept. 24. The SPD is having difficulty in differentiating itself from the conservatives, with whom it rules as junior partner in a  grand coalition  - an alliance the party wants to avoid repeating, but which polls suggest is the only partnership that can guarantee a majority.  We need to get more emotional, to fight and force Merkel to speak in clear terms so that the differences become clear,  SPD Labour Minister Andrea Nahles told business daily Handelsblatt. Nahles accused Merkel, who is campaigning for a fourth term on a platform of economic stability, of trying to cruise through the election without staking out clear positions. Last year, Germany s refugee crisis threatened Merkel. But with the migrant flow now stemmed and unemployment at a record low, she is able to project herself as an anchor of stability in an uncertain world. Trying to rock her, SPD leader Martin Schulz has grown increasingly critical of Merkel this week, accusing her of blocking his party s efforts in the ruling coalition to win better pay for temporary workers and improve workers  rights. On Thursday, Schulz takes his campaign to Essen, in the heart of the Ruhr area of North Rhine-Westphalia that was at the center of Germany s post-war  economic miracle  but which is now a rust-belt. Germany s most populous state, North Rhine-Westphalia has traditionally been an SPD stronghold but the party lost there in a state election in May - one of three regional votes Merkel s conservatives won earlier this year. Schulz, 61, led the SPD to a brief poll surge after the party selected him as leader at the start of the year. But the revival quickly fizzled as his campaign for  social justice  failed to gain traction. A former European Parliament president, he cannot match the clout of Merkel, 63, gained in 12 years of experience as leader of Europe s biggest economy. Searching for another point of difference, Schulz pledged on Tuesday to have U.S. nuclear weapons withdrawn from German territory if, against the odds, he defeats Merkel.  Schulz s election campaign is jumping around so many areas that it is impossible to discern a theme,  the daily Sueddeutsche Zeitung wrote in an editorial. Striking a defeatist note, Schulz said earlier this month he wanted to stay on as SPD leader even if his party loses the election. ",1
21362,Poland will not change its stance on EU's posted workers directive: PM,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland will not change its stance on the European Union s posted workers directive, Prime Minister Beata Szydlo said on Thursday.  We are not going to change our stance,  Szydlo told reporters.  We will defend our position to the very end, because it is a position that is in the interests of Polish workers.  ",1
21363,"Defense Secretary Mattis promises support to Ukraine, says reviewing lethal aid","KIEV (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on a visit to Ukraine on Thursday said Washington would keep up pressure on Russia over what he called its aggressive behavior and signaled his personal support for providing weapons to Kiev. Mattis said Russia had not abided by the Minsk ceasefire agreement meant to end the separatist conflict in eastern Ukraine and that the United States would maintain sanctions on Moscow.    Despite Russia s denials, we know they are seeking to redraw international borders by force, undermining the sovereign and free nations of Europe,  Mattis told reporters, alongside Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko. Mattis s visit, timed for Ukrainian Independence Day, is the second high-profile show of U.S. support in as many months, after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson came to Kiev in July.    Ukraine has counted on U.S. support against Russia since a pro-Western government took power following street protests in 2014 when the Kremlin-backed president fled the country. But some of President Donald Trump s comments during the election campaign last year, such as appearing to recognize Crimea as part of Russia, stoked fears in Kiev that Trump might mend ties with Moscow at Ukraine s expense. While emphasizing Trump had yet to take a decision on the issue, Mattis signaled his personal support for a longstanding Ukrainian request for defensive weapons, which could include anti-tank Javelin missiles and anti-aircaft systems. Mattis also played down fears, voiced by the previous White House administration under Barack Obama, that supplying weapons could escalate the situation.   On the defensive lethal weapons, we are actively reviewing it, I will go back now having seen the current situation and be able to inform the secretary of state and the president in very specific terms what I recommend for the direction ahead,  Mattis said.  Defensive weapons are not provocative unless you are an aggressor and clearly Ukraine is not an aggressor since it is their own territory where the fighting is happening,  Mattis said. Poroshenko said he was  satisfied  with the progress on discussions about weapons, and also said he and Mattis had discussed the possibility of a U.N.-backed armed force being sent to eastern Ukraine. Relations between Ukraine and Russia went into freefall after Moscow s annexation of Crimea in 2014 and the subsequent outbreak of a Kremlin-backed separatist insurgency in eastern Ukraine that has killed more than 10,000 people. Russia denies sending troops and weapons to eastern Ukraine.  According to U.S. officials, a plan to provide defensive weapons to Ukraine has made its way to the White House but has not been signed. Thus far the Pentagon says it has provided $750 million in non-lethal aid to Ukraine since 2015, which includes radars and uniforms. Supplying weapons  will be a huge boost of support to Ukraine,  said Michael Carpenter, a former deputy assistant secretary of defense for the region. Carpenter said the weapons under discussion cannot effectively be used to take territory, which means providing them would help stabilize the situation. U.S. Senator John McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Service Committee, also pressed the Trump administration to act.   Secretary Mattis  visit to Kiev provides yet another opportunity for the United States to correct its policy toward Ukraine and provide the lethal defensive assistance the country needs to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity,  McCain said in a statement on Wednesday.  Mattis  strong words against Moscow on Thursday are likely to reassure eastern European allies who are concerned about Russia s military activity in region, including planned war games in September. Russia and Belarus aim to hold joint exercises that some North Atlantic Treaty Organization allies believe could number more than 100,000 troops and involve nuclear weapons training, the biggest such exercise since 2013. Earlier this year, Estonia s defense minister said Russia may use the exercises to move thousands of troops permanently into Belarus in a warning to NATO. Russia has dismissed Western worries about the war games as  buffoonery . ",1
21364,Qatar enacts law to protect foreign domestic workers,"DOHA (Reuters) - Qatar s ruler has introduced a law giving broad protection to  tens of thousands of foreigners working as maids, cooks, cleaners and nannies, addressing some concerns long highlighted by human rights groups. The new rules on foreign domestic staff mandate a maximum of 10 hours per working day with breaks for prayer, rest and eating, along with three weeks of severance pay at the end of their contracts. They limit the working age to between 18 and 60, stipulate three weeks of annual vacation, and order that employers provide proper food and medical care. Like other wealthy Gulf Arab states, Qatar hosts tens of thousands of mostly female domestic workers, mostly from the Philippines, South Asia and East Africa. The measures appear to be the first in the gas-producing  country to codify the rights of these employees. State news agency QNA said the measure was promulgated by Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani and was effective immediately. Human Rights Watch (HRW) and Amnesty International have long complained that Gulf states do not properly regulate working conditions for low-income residents helping tend homes or toiling at ubiquitous construction sites. They say excessively long hours and insufficient flexibility to change contracts or return home contravene international labour laws and deprive workers of their human rights. HRW said in the Qatar section of its 2016 annual report that beyond exploitative working conditions, domestic workers were  left vulnerable to physical and sexual abuse by a lack of regulations governing their rights. The new law does not cover Qatar s far more numerous  construction workers, whose position was improved by a December 2016 law altering the  kafala  or sponsorship system that forced them to seek their employer s consent to change jobs or leave the country. Domestic workers continue to be recruited under the kafala system.    Qatar is keen to show it is tackling allegations of worker exploitation as it prepares to host the 2022 soccer World Cup, which it has presented as a showcase of its progress and development. It is spending billions of dollars on stadiums and other infrastructure, and has imported hundreds of thousands of construction workers from countries such as India, Nepal and Bangladesh. The International Labor Organization (ILO) has asked Qatar to present it with a report on the implementation of reforms to the sponsorship system by November. ",1
21365,Indonesians uncover syndicate spreading hate speech online: police,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian authorities have uncovered a group spreading hate speech and fake news online, one of many that they fear could undermine national unity. Indonesia has an ethnically diverse population of 250 million people, most of them Muslim but with significant minorities from other religions, and unity across the archipelago has been a priority of governments for generations. Three people were arrested this week on suspicion of being part of a syndicate being paid to spread incendiary material online through social media, police said.  If this is allowed to continue, it isn t just about violating the law but also has the potential to damage the unity of this country,  said presidential spokesman Johan Budi. Budi said it was up to investigators to determine the motive of those behind the campaign, adding police should investigate the issue  right down to its roots . National police spokesman Awi Setiyono said the material involved religious and ethnic issues and posts defamatory to government officials. He declined to comment on the motive, saying investigators were still building their case and had yet to identify who was behind the syndicate, which calls itself Saracen, that has been spreading the material. The police cyber crime unit said dozens of Facebook and other social media accounts were being sued to spread the material to an estimated 800,000 social media accounts. Setiyono said investigators had uncovered money transfers of up to $5,000 to pay those spreading the material. Religious and ethnic tensions flared in the capital, Jakarta, this year when city elections pitted an ethnic Chinese Christian governor, who was accused on insulting Islam, against a Muslim candidate. Authorities have scrambled to remove hate speech from social media and online forums in an attempt to defuse tension but a growing amount of content encouraging religious intolerance or radicalism is being shared. Search giant Google said this month it was working with authorities to tackle content deemed to be offensive. ",1
21366,'Safer than London!' North Korea opens door to Russian tourists,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - North Korea has opened its doors to Russian tourists, issuing a license for the first travel agency in Moscow to promise clients  full immersion  in the nation s culture and enjoyment  safer than an evening walk in London . NKOREAN.RU, a Russian company licensed by North Korea s government, offers organized tours for groups of up to 10 people or individuals  to show the travelers the multi-faceted life of this most closed of countries . Guests to North Korea must necessarily be  checked  before their trip and will always be accompanied by a guide who will monitor the  adequate behavior of the tourist and guarantee his safety.  Pictures of strategic and military facilities are banned and long talks with locals  are not recommended . North Korea has conducted two nuclear tests and dozens of missile tests since the beginning of last year, significantly raising tension on the heavily militarized Korean peninsula and in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions. Two tests of inter-continental ballistic missiles in July triggered a new round of tougher global sanctions. Faced with economic problems made harder by multiple sanctions, the Pyongyang government is keen to develop tourism to earn cash. The most pricey tour, 15 days  full immersion in the culture of North Korea  costing 118,090 rubles ($1,997), includes visits to a farm, a mineral water factory, a Buddhist temple, walks in the mountains and an introduction to national cuisine. Visits to numerous museums to founding leader Kim Il-Sung are also on offer. Other less demanding tours include relaxation on a beach, an aviation show and even a beer festival.  It is unclear how popular these trips will be among Russians who have already developed a fondness for visiting Europe and the affordable resorts of Turkey and Thailand. ",1
21367,"As guns fall silent, Benghazi residents return to battered homes","BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - Two months after the dominant military force in eastern Libya declared victory in a campaign to retake Benghazi, Hassan al-Zawy is living rough in his home in the district that witnessed the city s last major battle. Like many other residents, he ventured back as Khalifa Haftar s Libyan National Army gradually wrested back control from Islamist militants and other rebel groups. Parts of Libya s second city were reduced to rubble during more than three years of fighting and, with economic crisis and political turmoil gripping the country, rebuilding is a daunting challenge.  There are flies, mosquitoes and garbage. At night, we have absolutely nothing,  Zawy told Reuters in mid-August in the seafront neighborhood of Sabri.  We ve been here for one month and 10 days and all we want from the state is (this): electricity and water, and for people to return to their homes, and stay there.  A conflict that developed after strongman Muammar Gaddafi was toppled in an uprising six years ago has yet to be resolved. Benghazi, where the 2011 revolution started, has seen some of the worst violence. Tens of thousands of residents, many opposed to Haftar, were displaced to other Libyan cities. Sabri is where Haftar s rivals had their final strongholds, and was bombarded by LNA heavy artillery and air strikes up until a few weeks ago. Sporadic fighting continued after Haftar announced victory on July 5.. People recover what they can from the rubble of ruined buildings. Children help with the cleanup.  Afterwards, men sit outside drinking tea or coffee and guarding their streets. One says he will stay in his home even if he has to hang towels over the doors and windows.  Another Sabri resident, Farag Mahmoud, said some people were so keen to get back to their homes that they were ignoring the risk from land mines still planted in parts of the district.   We found our homes had been flooded from broken pipes in the plumbing systems, and were submerged in water around 70 to 80 centimeters deep,  he said. Some returning residents have formed citizens  committees to lobby the municipal authorities on water, electricity and hygiene, said Milad Fadlallah, a local engineer. Most residents in the less severely damaged eastern part of Sabri would be able to spend the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha, which starts on Sept. 1, back in their neighborhood, Fadlallah said. But a lack of funds and political leadership in a country still divided between two rival governments will hinder reconstruction, said Osama al-Kaza, director of projects at Benghazi s municipality. In Benghazi, the conflict has also had left deep physical and psychological scars.  Achieving an outstanding and modern image for the city will have to be done in stages, will take years and cost billions,  he said. (Story refiles to add dropped  s  in second paragraph.) ",1
21368,Venezuela's injured activists struggle to heal,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Jesus Ibarra, a 19-year-old engineering student, has been barely able to walk or talk since a tear gas canister crushed part of his skull during a protest against President Nicolas Maduro and he fell unconscious into a river that carries sewage.  Chronic shortages of medicine in Venezuela forced his family to ask for drug donations so Ibarra could undergo five surgeries on his skull and treatment for infections from the Guaire river.  Ibarra, who cannot return to his studies any time soon, needs to a sixth operation and therapy. It is unclear if he will fully recover.   I speak to my son a lot, and sometimes he makes me understand it was not worth suffering this, that he regrets it, that it was a mistake,  said Ibarra s father Jose at their small home in the sprawling hilltop slum of Petare in Caracas.   But other times he s clearly telling me that it was worth fighting for a change he believes in.       Ibarra is one of nearly 2,000 people injured during four months of fierce anti-Maduro street protests, according to the public prosecutor s office. Rights groups think the number is probably higher.  Venezuela has been torn by political and economic crises that have led to extreme shortages of food and medicine, crushing inflation and the collapse of the local currency. Its    new government structure has been criticized as a dictatorship. Rubber bullets fired at close range, rocks, and tear gas canisters have caused most of the injuries, doctors and rights groups say. Most of those who have been hurt appear to be opposition protesters, but Maduro supporters, security forces and bystanders have also been harmed.     More than 125 people have died in the unrest since April.  Thousands have been arrested.  The unpopular leftist president has said he was facing an armed insurgency intent on overthrowing him.  Opposition politicians have said they were forced to take to the streets after authorities curtailed democratic means for change. They have also accused security forces of using excessive force against protesters. Culinary student Brian Dalati, 22, said he was passing an opposition-manned street barricade on his way to classes in July when police mistook him for a protester. They hit him and fired buckshot at his legs, fracturing both of Dalati s shinbones.  I depend on my siblings to go to the bathroom, shower, brush my teeth, eat, anything. It s infuriating,  he said.  They didn t have to do this. It was pure hate. Thank goodness I will be able to walk again soon.  The government says right-wing media are too focused on injuries to protesters.  Maduro has pointed to a case in which a 21-year-old man was set afire during an opposition protest and died two weeks later. A Reuters witness said the crowd had accused the man of being a thief, but the government said he was targeted for being a Maduro supporter. Protests have subsided since Maduro s government established a controversial legislative superbody three weeks ago, but hundreds of Venezuelans are still struggling to nurse their wounds without medicine and state support.   (Click on reut.rs/2xt4eoS for related photo essay) ",1
21369,India's push to broaden use of its biometric database,"(Reuters) - India s Supreme Court ruled on Thursday the right to privacy is a fundamental right protected by the Indian Constitution, in a potential setback to the government s push to mandate the use of Aadhaar, or unique ID numbers for a variety of routine tasks.   Over a billion Indians have already registered for Aadhaar cards, which ascribe unique ID numbers, and record fingerprints and iris scans of each person. The database was originally set-up to streamline welfare benefit payments and reduce wastage. The current government however, has been keen to mandate the use of Aadhaar for everything from the filing of income taxes to the operating of one s bank accounts. Below is a timeline on the various Aadhaar developments:  March 2006: India s Ministry of Communications and Information Technology approves a Unique ID (UID) scheme for poor families. December 2006: Empowered Group of Ministers (EGoM) constituted to collate two schemes -the National Population Register under the Citizenship Act, 1955 and the UID scheme. 2007: At its first meeting, the EGoM recognizes need to create a residents database. This leads to the creation of Aadhaar. 2009: The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) is created to issue unique identification numbers. Nandan Nilekani appointed the first chairman. December 2010: The National Identification Authority of India Bill, 2010 (NIAI Bill) introduced in Parliament. September 2011: Number of Aadhaar holders crosses 100 million.  December 2011: Standing committee on Finance rejects NIAI Bill in initial form; recommends requirement of privacy legislation and data protection law before continuance of scheme. 2012: Former High Court judge files petition contending that Aadhaar violates fundamental rights of equality and privacy. September 2013: Supreme Court passes interim order stating no person should suffer for not having an Aadhaar card.  December 2013: The number of Aadhaar holders crosses 510 million  March 2014: The Supreme Court revokes orders made by agencies demanding Aadhaar for welfare schemes. Court also forbids UIDAI from sharing information in the Aadhaar database with any agency without the individual s consent. December 2014: Number of Aadhaar holders crosses 720 million.     August 2015: Three-judge bench of Supreme Court limits use of Aadhaar to certain welfare schemes, orders that no one should be denied benefits for lack of an Aadhaar card. It refers question of right to privacy as a fundamental right to a constitution bench. February 2016: Number of Aadhaar holders crosses 980 million.   March 2016: Aadhaar (Targeted Delivery of Financial & Other Subsidies, Benefits & Services) Bill introduced as a money bill in the lower house of parliament. Bill passed by Parliament; receives presidential assent. January-March 2017: Various ministries make Aadhaar mandatory for welfare, pension, and employment schemes. Aadhaar made mandatory for filing of income tax returns. Aadhaar holders crosses 1.14 billion.  [Data compiled from Software Freedom Law Centre and State of Aadhaar Report 2016-17]   ",1
21370,Finnish police release one knife attack suspect,"HELSINKI (Reuters) - Finnish police on Thursday released one of six men detained over last week s stabbing spree that killed two women and wounded eight other people in the city of Turku. The main suspect, who is in custody, has been named as Abderrahman Mechkah, an 18-year-old Moroccan. He told a court he was responsible for the attack but denied his motive was terrorism. At the time of the attack, Mechkah was appealing against a decision on his application for asylum, which apparently was denied. The released man was arrested on Wednesday along with another suspect, who remains in police custody. Friday s stabbings in the city of Turku have been treated as the first suspected Islamist militant attack in Finland, which boasts one of the lowest crime rates in the world. ",1
21371,"As Syria war tightens, U.S. and Russia military hotlines humming","AL UDEID AIR BASE, Qatar (Reuters) - Even as tensions between the United States and Russia fester, there is one surprising place where their military-to-military contacts are quietly weathering the storm: Syria. It has been four months since U.S. President Donald Trump ordered cruise missile strikes against a Syrian airfield after an alleged chemical weapons attack.  In June, the U.S. military shot down a Syrian fighter aircraft, the first U.S. downing of a manned jet since 1999, and also shot down two Iranian-made drones that threatened U.S.-led coalition forces.   All the while, U.S. and Russian military officials have been regularly communicating, U.S. officials told Reuters. Some of the contacts are helping draw a line on the map that separates U.S.- and Russian-backed forces waging parallel campaigns on Syria s shrinking battlefields. There is also a telephone hotline linking the former Cold War foes  air operations centers. U.S. officials told Reuters that there now are about 10 to 12 calls a day on the hotline, helping keep U.S. and Russian warplanes apart as they support different fighters on the ground. That is no small task, given the complexities of Syria s civil war. Moscow backs the Syrian government, which also is aided by Iran and Lebanon s Hezbollah as it claws back territory from Syrian rebels and Islamic State fighters. The U.S. military is backing a collection of Kurdish and Arab forces focusing their firepower against Islamic State, part of a strategy to collapse the group s self-declared  caliphate  in Syria and Iraq. Reuters was given rare access to the U.S. Air Force s hotline station, inside the Qatar-based Combined Air Operations Area, last week, including meeting two Russian linguists, both native speakers, who serve as the U.S. interface for conversations with Russian commanders.   While the conversations are not easy, contacts between the two sides have remained resilient, senior U.S. commanders said.  The reality is we ve worked through some very hard problems and, in general, we have found a way to maintain the deconfliction line (that separates U.S. and Russian areas of operation) and found a way to continue our mission,  Lieutenant General Jeffrey Harrigian, the top U.S. Air Force commander in the Middle East, said in an interview.  As both sides scramble to capture what is left of Islamic State s caliphate, the risk of accidental contacts is growing.  We have to negotiate, and sometimes the phone calls are tense. Because for us, this is about protecting ourselves, our coalition partners and destroying the enemy,  Harrigian said, without commenting on the volume of calls. The risks of miscalculation came into full view in June, when the United States shot down a Syrian Su-22 jet that was preparing to fire on U.S.-backed forces on the ground.  U.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said  those were not the only aircraft in the area. As the incident unfolded, two Russian fighter jets looked on from above and a American F-22 stealth aircraft kept watch from an even higher altitude, they told Reuters. After the incident, Moscow publicly warned it would consider any planes flying west of the Euphrates River to be targets. But the U.S. military kept flying in the area, and kept talking with Russia.  The Russians have been nothing but professional, cordial and disciplined,  Army Lieutenant General Stephen Townsend, the Iraq-based commander of the U.S.-led coalition, told Reuters. In Syria, U.S.-backed forces are now consumed with the battle to capture Islamic State s former capital of Raqqa. More than half the city has been retaken from Islamic State. Officials said talks were underway to extend a demarcation line that has been separating U.S.- and Russian-backed fighters on the ground as fighting pushes toward Islamic State s last major Syrian stronghold, the Deir al-Zor region. The line runs in an irregular arc from a point southwest of Tabqa east to a point on the Euphrates River and then down along the Euphrates River in the direction of Deir al-Zor, they said. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, during a visit to Jordan this week, said the line was important as U.S.- and Russian-backed forces come in closer proximity of each other.  We do not do that (communication) with the (Syrian) regime. It is with the Russians, is who we re dealing with,  Mattis said.  We continue those procedures right on down the Euphrates River Valley.  Bisected by the Euphrates River, Deir al-Zor and its oil resources are critical to the Syrian state.  The province is largely in the hands of Islamic State, but has become a priority for pro-Syrian forces. It also is in the crosshairs of the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF). SDF spokesman Talal Silo told Reuters last week that there would be an SDF campaign toward Deir al-Zor  in the near future,  though the SDF was still deciding whether it would be delayed until Raqqa was fully taken from Islamic State. ",1
21372,U.N. calls for pause in air strikes to spare civilians in Syria's Raqqa,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations called on Thursday for a humanitarian pause to allow an estimated 20,000 trapped civilians to escape from the Syrian city of Raqqa, and urged the U.S.-led coalition to rein in air strikes that have caused casualties. Amnesty International said on Thursday that a U.S.-led coalition campaign to oust Islamic State from Raqqa had killed hundreds of civilians, and those remaining face greater risk as the fight intensifies in its final stages.   On Raqqa, our urging today from the UN side to the members of the humanitarian task force ... is that they need to do whatever is possible to make it possible for people to escape Raqqa,  Jan Egeland, U.N. humanitarian adviser on Syria, told reporters in Geneva.  Boats on the Euphrates must not be attacked, people who come out cannot risk air raids when and where they come out,  he said.  Now is the time to think of possibilities, pauses or otherwise that might facilitate the escape of civilians, knowing that Islamic State fighters are doing their absolute best to use them as human shields,  he said. Humanitarian pauses were agreed between the warring sides last December to allow the evacuation of civilians from then rebel-held eastern Aleppo, Egeland said. But he added that the United Nations has no contact with Islamic State fighters who have controlled Raqqa since 2014. Egeland, referring to U.S-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), said:  There is heavy shelling from the surrounding and encircling SDF forces and there are constant air raids from the coalition. So the civilian casualties are large and there seems to be no real escape for these civilians.  Syrian government forces, backed by the Russian air force and Iran-backed militias, have also been advancing against IS south of the River Euphrates that forms Raqqa city s southern edge.  Inside Raqqa city, on both sides, conditions are very bleak and it is very hard to assist in all areas,  Egeland said. The United Nations is still assessing the outcome of talks held this week in Riyadh between the three Syrian opposition groups - who failed to unite - Ramzy Ezzeldin Ramzy, the U.N. deputy special envoy for Syria, said.  Asked whether Syria peace talks would be held in Geneva in September, he said:  We are waiting to get a full picture as to what happened in Riyadh, and we will have further consultations with the interested parties.  And on that basis a decision will be taken as to when these talks will take place.   ",1
21373,EU citizens leaving UK pushes down net migration after Brexit vote,"LONDON (Reuters) - Net migration to Britain fell to its lowest level in three years in the 12 months to the end of March, with more than half the drop caused by European Union citizens leaving and fewer arriving since the Brexit vote.  The biggest drop in the figures came from eight eastern European countries, including Poland and Hungary, that joined the EU in 2004, leading to a migration to Britain of many eastern Europeans hoping for better-paid jobs.  Net migration, which shows the annual difference between those moving to and leaving the country, has been falling since Britain s June 2016 vote to exit the European Union.  According to the Office for National Statistics, it stood at 246,000 in the 12 months to the end of March, down 81,000 from the previous year and compared with the 336,000 record number that was published just before the Brexit referendum.  Within the 246,000, some 127,000 were from the EU, down 51,000 to its lowest level since the 12 months ending December 2013, as emigration rose and immigration fell compared to the previous 12 months. Business leaders said the drop in net migration was a serious concern for firms worried about wage inflation and an inability to fill skills gaps with British workers.  No one should celebrate these numbers,  Seamus Nevin, Head of Employment and Skills Policy at the Institute of Directors, said in a statement.   Given unemployment is currently at its lowest level ever (4.5 percent), without the 3 million EU citizens living here the UK would have an acute labor shortage. Signs that it is becoming a less attractive place to live and work are a concern.   According to an industry survey published on Thursday, nearly half of businesses operating in Britain s food supply chain say EU employees are thinking about leaving because of uncertainty around Brexit. Nearly a third said staff had already left [nL4N1L94S1]. The government has said it is still committed to an election promise to reduce the numbers to the  tens of thousands , first made in 2010 and designed to reassure Britons who were worried about the impact immigration had on public services.  Many Britons cited immigration as their reason for voting  Leave  in the referendum.     Britain has said it aims to guarantee the rights of EU citizens living in Britain and particularly important to sectors of the economy such as construction and the food and hospitality industries.  But Migration Watch UK, an advocacy group which has long called for immigration to be cut, said that while Thursday s figures were a positive sign, they remained too high.   This is a step forward but it is largely good fortune,  said Chairman Andrew Green.  This should not obscure the fact that migration remains at an unacceptable level of a quarter of a million a year with massive implications for the scale and nature of our society.  ",1
21374,Excessive force won't solve Myanmar's Rohingya crisis: Annan panel,"YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar should respond to a crisis over its Muslim Rohingya community in a  calibrated  way without excessive force, a panel led by former U.N. chief Kofi Annan said on Thursday, adding that radicalization was a danger if problems were not addressed. The treatment of approximately 1.1 million Rohingya has emerged as majority Buddhist Myanmar s most contentious human rights issue as it makes a transition from decades of harsh military rule. Annan s commission - appointed last year by leader Aung San Suu Kyi to come up with long-term solutions for the violence-riven, ethnically and religiously divided Rakhine state - said perpetrators of rights abuses should be held accountable. Security deteriorated sharply in the western state on the border with Bangladesh last October when Rohingya militants killed nine policemen in attacks on border posts. In response, the Myanmar military sent troops fanning out into Rohingya villages in an offensive beset by allegations of arson, killings and rape by the security forces which sent 87,000 Rohingya fleeing to Bangladesh. The situation in the state deteriorated again this month when security forces began a new  clearance operation  with tension shifting to a township, Rathetaung, where Buddhist Rakhine and Rohingya communities live side-by-side.  While Myanmar has every right to defend its own territory, a highly militarized response is unlikely to bring peace to the area,  the nine-member commission said in its final report.  Whatever action is taken, we should make sure that the population do not suffer and (that) they have access to support and necessary humanitarian needs they require,  said Annan at a news conference in Yangon.  Annan added that he discussed the military operation in Rakhine s Mayu mountains with army chief Min Aung Hlaing, who told him that the risk of a negative impact on the civilian population was small due to the remoteness of the area. Nevertheless, the commission said that a nuanced and comprehensive response was needed to  ensure that violence does not escalate and inter-communal tensions are kept under control , it said. The commission warned that if human rights were not respected and  the population remain politically and economically marginalized   northern Rakhine State may provide fertile ground for radicalization, as local communities may become increasingly vulnerable to recruitment by extremists . The Rohingya are denied citizenship and classified as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh, despite claiming roots in the region that go back centuries, with communities marginalized and occasionally subjected to communal violence. Annan has visited Myanmar three times since his appointment, including two trips to Rakhine. On Thursday, he presented his findings to Suu Kyi and Min Aung Hlaing. The United Nations said in a report in February security forces had instigated a campaign that  very likely  amounted to crimes against humanity and possibly ethnic cleansing.  That led to the establishment of a U.N. fact-finding mission a month later. But Myanmar s domestic investigation team criticized the U.N. report this month and rejected allegations of abuses.  Myanmar declined to grant visas to experts appointed by the U.N. and instead the government said it would comply with recommendations by the Annan team. But Annan s panel - which has a broad mandate to look into, among other things, economic development, education and healthcare - said it was  not mandated to investigate specific cases of alleged human rights violations . It said that the government  should ensure   based on independent and impartial investigation   that perpetrators of serious human rights violations are held accountable . The commission made a host of other recommendations, ranging from a faster and more transparent citizenship verification process to equal access to healthcare. ",1
21375,Britain to study effect of foreign students on economy,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain commissioned a report on Thursday on the economic impact of foreign students, part of an increasingly heated debate over whether they should be included in the government s target of reducing migration to the tens of thousands. Prime Minister Theresa May has been under pressure to drop international students from Britain s immigration figures, which have remained stubbornly high despite her pledge as interior minister seven years ago to reduce them to under 100,000 a year. High rates of immigration into Britain were a major reason for the vote to leave the European Union last year. But many officials argue that foreign students contribute to the economy.  There is no limit to the number of genuine international students who can come to the UK to study, and the fact that we remain the second most popular global destination for those seeking higher education is something to be proud of,  interior minister Amber Rudd said in a statement.  We understand how important students from around the world are to our higher education sector, which is a key export for our country, and that s why we want to have a robust and independent evidence base of their value and the impact they have.  Immigration has long been a sensitive topic in Britain. The expansion of the European Union to take in some eastern European countries saw rates jump, which critics said put pressure on public services such as hospitals. But others argue that immigration helps the economy and a provides a much-needed workforce. By including students in the immigration figures, they say, Britain is failing to acknowledge the contribution they make or that most leave after finishing their studies. International students make up around a quarter of total immigration, according to official figures. Data released on Thursday showed that net migration to Britain in the year to March 2017 fell by 81,000 to 246,000 people. More than half of those who left were EU citizens . In a separate report on  What s happening with international student migration? , the Office for National Statistics said:    There is no evidence of a major issue of non-EU students overstaying their entitlement to stay.  Of the 1.34 million nationals from outside the European Economic Area who held visas that expired in 2016/17, 96.3 percent departed before the visa expired, the ONS said in another report. Another 0.4 percent departed after their visa had expired. Just 3.3 percent were not initially identified as having departed after their leave expired.  We have always been clear that our commitment to reducing net migration to sustainable levels does not detract from our determination to attract international students from around the world,  Immigration Minister Brandon Lewis said.  Since 2010 we have clamped down on abuse, while increasing the number of genuine students that come to the UK from around the world.  ",1
21376,Turkish nationalist leader says Iraqi Kurdish referendum a potential reason for war,"ANKARA (Reuters) - The head of Turkey s nationalist opposition said on Thursday a planned independence referendum by Kurds in northern Iraq should be viewed by Ankara as a reason for war  if necessary . Turkey, which is battling a three-decade Kurdish insurgency in its southeast, is concerned the referendum could further stoke separatist sentiment among the 15 million Kurds in Turkey.  On Wednesday, Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu visited Iraq, where he conveyed to Iraqi Kurdish leader Massoud Barzani Ankara s concerns about the decision to hold the referendum, planned for Sept. 25. Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) leader Devlet Bahceli, who allied with the government in supporting the ruling AK Party s campaign in April s referendum on boosting President Tayyip Erdogan s powers, called on Ankara to oppose the vote.  A position must be taken to the end against Barzani s preparation for an independence referendum which incorporates Turkmen cities,  Bahceli told a news conference in Ankara.  This is a rehearsal for Kurdistan. If necessary Turkey should deem this referendum as a reason for war,  he added. Bahceli does not set policy, though his ideas reflect those of a segment of Turkish society fiercely opposed to the idea of an independent Kurdistan and supportive of Iraq s Turkmen ethnic minority, which has historical and cultural ties to Turkey. Kurds have sought an independent state since at least the end of World War One, when colonial powers divided up the Middle East and left Kurdish-populated territory split between modern-day Turkey, Iran, Iraq and Syria.     Like Turkey, Iraq, Iran and Syria all oppose the idea of Iraqi Kurdish independence, fearing it may fuel separatism among their own Kurdish populations.  The Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militant group, deemed a terrorist organization by Ankara, the United States and European Union, has waged a 33-year insurgency in southeast Turkey in which more than 40,000 people have been killed. The United States and other Western nations fear September s vote could ignite a new conflict with Baghdad and possibly neighboring countries, diverting attention from the war against Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria. ",1
21377,Barcelona balances security and freedom after deadly attacks,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s northeastern region of Catalonia, hit last week by two Islamist militant attacks which killed 15 people, is to deploy more police, install bollards in Barcelona and step up security around stations and tourist landmarks. The aim is to strike a balance between security and not overloading residents with restrictions.  We re looking at introducing (street) obstacles that could be mobile,  Joaquin Forn, who is in charge of home affairs in Catalonia, told a news conference on Wednesday. A van plowed into crowds of holidaymakers and local residents on Barcelona s crowded Las Ramblas boulevard last Thursday, killing 13 people. Two others were killed during the driver s getaway and in a separate attack in Cambrils. The Barcelona rampage reignited a row over how cities can better prevent such attacks. Militants have used trucks and cars as weapons to kill nearly 130 people in France, Germany, Britain, Sweden and Spain over the past 13 months. Catalan authorities may also erect some permanent barriers and turn some streets into pedestrian-only thoroughfares, Forn said. The regional capital, which receives around 30 million visitors a year, is home to several landmarks designed by architect Antoni Gaudi, including the towering Sagrada Familia. Forn added that some 10 percent more police would be deployed. Islamic State, which claimed responsibility for the attacks in Catalonia, issued a video via one of its official channels on Wednesday showing two of its fighters making threats in Spanish against Spain, interspersed with images of the aftermath of the Barcelona attack. One fighter pledged to avenge Muslim blood spilled by the Spanish Inquisition, established in 1478, and what he said was the killing Spain was currently engaged in against Islamic State. This was an apparent reference to Iraq, where Spain has several hundred soldiers training local forces in the fight against Islamic State. Investigators are still looking into whether the suspects behind last week s attacks had links to France or Belgium and are examining their movements over recent weeks as they look for connections to possible cells elsewhere in Europe.  The car used in the attack in Cambrils, south of Barcelona, was caught on camera speeding in the Paris region days earlier.  We are still trying to establish why they were in the Paris area,  French Interior Minister Gerard Collomb told reporters at a joint news conference in Paris with his Spanish counterpart on Wednesday.  Spanish Interior Minister Juan Ignacio Zoido said France and Spain would continue to reinforce border checks and step up information exchanges, including of passenger information in real time. One of the suspects has said the leader of the militant group was an imam, Abdelbaki Es Satty, who died a day before the Barcelona attack when a house the group was using to build bombs blew up. Court officials in Spain s Valencia region said on Wednesday that Spain had issued an expulsion order against Es Satty after he served a four-year jail term for drug-trafficking but that this was annulled by a court in 2015 after Es Satty appealed. The judge at the time overturned the expulsion order partly because Es Satty had employment roots in Spain which he said  shows his efforts to integrate in Spanish society.   A dozen Islamist militants suspected of involvement in the plot were either killed or arrested. A judge on Tuesday ordered two suspects jailed, one remained in police custody pending further investigation and a fourth was freed with conditions. ",1
21378,"Cambodia accuses U.S. of political interference, calls U.S. democracy 'bloody and brutal'","PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia hit back on Thursday at U.S. criticism over its decision to expel a U.S.-funded pro-democracy group, accusing Washington of political interference and describing American democracy as  bloody and brutal . Prime Minister Hun Sen, the strongman who has ruled Cambodia for more than three decades, has taken a strident anti-American line in the increasingly tense run up to a 2018 election. The U.S. State Department criticized Cambodia s decision to expel the National Democratic Institute (NDI) on Wednesday and a statement from the U.S. embassy in Phnom Penh questioned whether Cambodia was a democracy. In an open letter on Thursday, the Cambodian government asked whether the United States was  coming to Cambodia to help or hinder the Khmer people  and blamed it for contributing to the rise of the genocidal Khmer Rouge in the 1970s.   Cambodians are well aware of what a democratic process means. You do not need to tell us what it is,  the letter said, describing U.S.-style democracy as  bloody and brutal .  We wish to send a clear message again to the U.S. Embassy that we defend our national sovereignty,  it added. Tensions have risen anew in Cambodia, with rights groups and the United Nations expressing alarm and the opposition accusing Hun Sen of persecution ahead of next year s election. After the government s order to expel the NDI and a threat to shut a newspaper founded by an American journalist if it didn t pay back taxes immediately, the U.S. State Department voiced concern at the government  curtailing freedom of the press and civil society s ability to operate . Government supporters have threatened to protest at the U.S. Embassy in Phnom Penh, the pro-government  Fresh News  web site reported on Thursday.  The protests are likely to be in large scale against the U.S. Embassy in Phnom Penh like in the 1960s because of the American interference in Cambodia s sovereignty,  it said, citing an anonymous government source. The spillover from the U.S. war in neighboring Vietnam in the 1960s and 70s helped bring to power the Khmer Rouge regime, whose rule was marked by the genocide of at least 1.8 million Cambodians through starvation, torture, disease and execution. Hun Sen, the former Khmer Rouge commander who is one of China s closest regional allies, has warned of a possible return to war if his party doesn t win elections. In a statement on its website on Wednesday the NDI called on Cambodia to reconsider its decision to shut it down. The institute said it worked with all major parties and that its work was  strictly nonpartisan . NDI President Kenneth Wollack said the NDI has fulfilled all legal obligations for registration.  Hun Sen has also targeted local media in what rights groups say is a growing crackdown ahead of the election. Cambodia s ministry of information on Wednesday revoked the license of a local radio station for selling air time to the opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party.  The station also rents out space to the U.S. government-financed Voice of America (VOA) English news outlet. ",1
21379,Australian government faces uncertain two months after court delays citizenship hearing,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - A citizenship crisis will loom over the Australian government for at least another two months after a court said on Thursday it would not begin hearings into the parliamentary eligibility of seven lawmakers until mid-October. Australia s parliament has been rocked by the revelation that the seven lawmakers, including the deputy prime minister and two other ministers in the coalition government, are dual citizens, meaning they are potentially ineligible to hold elected office. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull s center-right government holds just a one-seat majority in parliament and its popularity is sitting at six-month lows in opinion polls, meaning its future could rest on the outcome of the citizenship crisis. Turnbull s government had asked for an expedited ruling on the eligibility of the lawmakers, but Australia s High Court said on Thursday it would not begin the three-day hearing until Oct. 11. The delay means the crisis threatens to further erode support for Turnbull. The next national election is not due until 2019 but political analysts say prolonged poor poll results could encourage a leadership challenge.  Turnbull needs to urgently remove the doubt around the credibility of his government, which has already caused him great harm,  said Haydon Manning, a political science professor at Flinders University in South Australia. The High Court ruling also threatens to create a parliamentary impasse for Turnbull if his deputy, Barnaby Joyce, is disqualified. Joyce, the leader of the rural-based Nationals, the junior partner in the ruling coalition, has said he was a joint New Zealand citizen when he was elected last year. If Joyce is disqualified by the court over the citizenship rules, Turnbull would have to rely on the support of the often fractious independents in parliament to have any hope of passing legislation. The possible deadlock also threatens consumer sentiment, analysts said, a bad sign for Australia s somewhat sluggish economy. Turnbull brushed away any suggestions that the court could deliver a ruling that would doom his government.  We are very, very confident that our members who have been caught up in this will be held by the court to be eligible to sit in the parliament and therefore eligible to be ministers,  Turnbull told reporters in the rural town of Albury, 555 km (345 miles) south of Sydney. A 116-year-old law demands an elected lawmaker only have Australian citizenship, but some have discovered they hold dual citizenship by descent of a father being born in another country, such as neighboring New Zealand, or Britain or Italy. ",1
21380,Vietnam calls for Southeast Asian unity amid South China Sea tension,"HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnam s most powerful leader has called for greater unity among Southeast Asian states at a time the country has appeared increasingly isolated in challenging China s territorial claims in the South China Sea. Making the first visit by a Vietnamese communist party chief to Indonesia, Nguyen Phu Trong said in a speech televised at home on Wednesday that the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) needed to be unified in resolving territorial disputes.  Do not let ASEAN become a playing card for the competition among major countries,  Trong said, without identifying which he meant. Vietnam has emerged as the most vocal opponent of China s claims in the South China Sea, where more than $3 trillion in cargo pass every year. To China s annoyance, Vietnam held out an ASEAN meeting this month for language in a communique that noted concern about island-building and criticized militarization in the South China Sea.  Chinese pressure forced Vietnam to stop drilling for oil last month in a Vietnamese oil block that China claims. Beijing has also been angered by Vietnam s growing defense links to the United States, Japan and India. Some Southeast Asian countries are wary about the possible repercussions of defying Beijing by taking a stronger stand on the South China Sea. China claims most of the South China Sea, while Taiwan, Malaysia, Vietnam, the Philippines and Brunei claim parts of the sea, which commands strategic sealanes and has rich fishing grounds along with oil and gas deposits. After Indonesia, Trong is due to visit Myanmar. ",1
21381,Canada frets over possible huge surge in asylum-seekers: sources,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada fears a huge surge in asylum seekers crossing the border from the United States, putting political pressure on Prime Minister Justin Trudeau ahead of a 2019 election, sources familiar with the matter said on Wednesday. The number of migrants illegally entering Canada more than tripled in July and August, hitting nearly 7,000. Haitians, who face looming deportation from the United States when their temporary protected status expires in January 2018, accounted for much of the inflow. Two sources familiar with Canadian government thinking said citizens from El Salvador, Nicaragua and Honduras, who are slated to lose their U.S. protected status in early 2018, may also head north.   There is concern we ll see a huge increase, mostly from Central America,  said one source.  The question is, which group is next, and how are we going to deal with it, and what is the impact on Canadians?  added the source, who requested anonymity given the sensitivity of the situation. Most new arrivals are going to the predominantly French-speaking province of Quebec, sparking protests from opposition politicians and anti-immigrant groups. Trudeau s Liberals need to gain support in Quebec to offset expected losses elsewhere ahead of an October 2019 election. Asked whether the Liberals were worried about losing popularity in Quebec, the source said:  Absolutely. That s a concern.  But if Trudeau clamps down too far, he risks tarnishing a long-cultivated reputation for openness and tolerance. He pointedly tweeted Canada s welcome of refugees after U.S. President Donald Trump unveiled a travel ban in January.   The government is in a real quandary over this,  said a third source familiar with official thinking. Ottawa has hardened its tone in recent days, warning people not to cross the border since they could well be deported. Trudeau said Canada was enforcing immigration rules.  We are an open and welcoming country because citizens have confidence in our immigration and refugee system and we have been able to continue to defend and protect the integrity of that system,  he told reporters in Montreal on Wednesday. He also said Ottawa might accelerate the process of issuing work permits for asylum seekers rather than make them wait for refugee claims to be processed, which now takes several months.  Leger Marketing pollster Christian Bourque said there were no immediate signs that support in Quebec for Trudeau was weakening.  I think that changes if people do not perceive the government is taking a strong stand,  he said. A Reuters poll in March found nearly half of Canadians want to deport people who are illegally crossing from the United States. A Haitian-Canadian Liberal legislator is due to visit Miami on Thursday, home to a large expatriate community, in a bid to persuade people to stay put. Officials complain false stories are circulating about how easy it is to be granted permission to stay in Canada. Some of the Haitians are in temporary housing, including Montreal s Olympic Stadium and at least two tent camps near the border. Critics accuse Trudeau of encouraging would-be refugees to come to Canada without thinking through the consequences. ",1
21382,Poland asks EU to drop legal case against Warsaw over migrant quotas,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland has asked the European Commission to withdraw its legal proceedings against Warsaw over its migrant relocation quotas and said it was ready to fight its case in court, the foreign ministry said on Wednesday.  In July the Commission sent so-called  reasoned opinions  to Poland, Czech Republic and Hungary urging them to apply EU migration rules.  Poland has sent a motion to the European Commission requesting it to discontinue its ongoing infringement procedure. Should it be continued, Poland is prepared to argue its case before the Court of Justice of the European Union , the ministry said in a statement.  Poland s ruling Law and Justice party (PiS) has repeatedly criticized the EU s relocation scheme for each member state to host a given number of migrants to help ease pressure on Greece and Italy, struggling with mass arrivals of migrants across the Mediterranean. Earlier on Wednesday, Interior Minister Mariusz Blaszczak said in a statement that the EU s relocation policy was dangerous.  Paris, Stockholm, Brussels, Berlin, Manchester, Barcelona,  Blaszczak said, referring to recent attacks by Islamist militants which have killed scores of people.   How many more European cities have to be hit by terrorists so the European Union wakes up? So the European Commission acknowledges that accepting blindly all those who come to the European shores is akin to putting a noose around Europe s neck?    ",1
21383,Brazil's Lula says party may field someone else in 2018,"PENEDO, Brazil (Reuters) - Former Brazilian president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva told Reuters on Wednesday that his recent conviction for corruption might mean that his Workers Party will have to field a candidate other than him in next year s election.  In an interview during a marathon bus tour through Brazil s impoverished northeastern states, Lula said the Brazilian government should spend its way out of its worst recession on record and even use some of its international reserves instead of cutting government programs that hurt the poor. Lula s 2003-11 government lifted millions from poverty and polls show he is still one of Brazil s most popular politicians.  However, his political future hangs in the balance after he was convicted last month of receiving bribes from a construction firm in return for help winning government contracts. If that conviction is upheld on appeal, Lula will likely be barred from running and could be imprisoned.    I know my enemies want to block any possibility of me being a candidate and I am fighting that,  Lula, 71, told Reuters in a hotel room where he complained that his arms hurt from physically embracing thousands of supporters who have turned out at every stop of his tour.   But nobody is irreplaceable,  he added.  If there is any problem, the Workers Party has to be able to launch another candidate.  A possible stand-in is the former mayor of Sao Paulo, Fernando Haddad, who gained national prominence as education minister under Lula and extended university access to poorer Brazilians. Brazil s real currency extended gains on the news that Lula was contemplating his own replacement, firming more than 1.2 percent to its strongest in more than two weeks. Traders said the prospect of a 2018 race without Lula reinforced bets on Brazil sticking to fiscal austerity and pursuing structural reforms. Lula s gravelly voice has lost strength after he beat throat cancer five years ago, but his fiery speeches have lost none of their power to rally audiences with populist criticism of Brazil s elites. Corruption accusations and the impeachment of Lula s hand-picked successor Dilma Rousseff, who was ousted due to budget irregularities in 2016, caused many members to quit the party last year and led to major setbacks in local elections. Lula said members who left have not joined other parties and, with corruption scandals entangling most of Brazil s political class, they are still undecided, so the Workers Party is hoping to win them back. His three-week, 4,000-kilometer (2,500-mile) tour of a region that greatly benefited from his social programs aims to reconnect his party with its working class base and rebuild what is still Latin America s largest left-wing party. Polls show Lula would handily win the first round of a presidential election but he is in a statistical tie with his former Environment Minister Marina Silva, no relation despite the last name, largely because Lula has a 46-percent rejection rate, the highest among likely contenders.   Lula sharply criticized President Michel Temer for privatizing state assets to try to plug a record budget deficit that cost Brazil its investment-grade credit rating two years ago. Temer s ministers blame the fiscal crisis on excessive public spending by Lula and Rousseff. Lula said Temer s spending cuts were the wrong way to pull Brazil from its worst recession on record. He would expand public investment, even if it meant increasing government debt at first, to restart the economy and recover tax revenues.  Honestly, I would use some of the international reserves, and money from bank reserves, to make Brazil grow again,  he said. Lula said Temer s market-friendly government did not have the courage to raise taxes and make wealthy Brazilians contribute more to government finances. Instead, the government is selling state companies, such as power utility Eletrobras.  When there is nothing left to sell, they will sell their souls to the devil,  he quipped.  ",1
21384,"South Koreans practice in case of North Korea attack, but with little urgency","SEOUL (Reuters) - Traffic was halted, movie screenings interrupted and hundreds of thousands of people across South Korea were directed to underground shelters on Wednesday as part of a civil defense drill to practice in case of an attack by North Korea. But South Koreans are familiar with such preparations, having seen many over the decades since the height of Cold War tension with a neighbor it is still technically at war with, and many people have become inured to the danger. This time, the government tried to inject some urgency and get more people taking part amid a surge of tension over North Korea s weapons programs, and an exchange of dire warnings of nuclear war by both it and its sworn enemy, the United States.  We need to practice because we re still at war with North Korea and people are insensitive to threats,  said Hwang Jae-min, a 30-year-old prison guard who happened to be watching a movie at a Seoul cinema complex when a siren heralded the beginning of the drill. Hwang was one of about 50 moviegoers led underground to take shelter from an imaginary North Korean air raid. The siren sounded around the country and government officials and police flagged down traffic and tried to shepherd pedestrians to the nearest shelters. But skeptics doubted such an orchestrated exercise would be much use if and when it came to a real war.  I do strongly believe we need this drill but it doesn t seem to be working properly,  said Choi In-sook, a 45-year-old housewife strolling down a city street when the siren went off. She did not run for cover.  It needs to be performed like it s a real war,  she said.     The drill was part of an annual joint military exercise  conducted by South Korean and U.S. forces that began on Monday and will run until Aug. 31, and which North Korea denounced as  a reckless step toward nuclear war. North Korea routinely denounces military exercises by U.S. and South Korean forces that it regards as thinly disguised preparations to invade it. South Korea s state run television broadcast scenes from the 20-minute drill live for the first time in two years in the hope of drumming up some enthusiasm. Jung Han-yol, director of the Ministry of Public Affairs and Safety s civil defense division, conceded that the fact that participation was voluntary meant the drill might lack some credibility. Cho Won-cheol, emeritus professor of civil and environmental engineering of Yonsei University in Seoul, said there was always a problem with getting people involved in government preparations for a war few people believe will happen.  The reason why the drill is not working well is the country s civil defense drill has always been practiced mostly by the government or civil officials, not by the civilians,  Cho said. South Korea and is main ally the United States are technically still at war with the North because their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty. ",1
21385,Venezuela ex-prosecutor says she has evidence of Maduro corruption,"BRASILIA/CARACAS (Reuters) - Dismissed Venezuelan prosecutor Luisa Ortega said on Wednesday she had evidence that President Nicolas Maduro was involved in corruption with construction company Odebrecht. Ortega, 59, was a key player in Venezuela s government but broke with it in March. She fled last week to Colombia by boat and on Wednesday morning landed in Brazil. Ortega said she had been persecuted in an effort to hide details of high-level corruption, saying she had proof, though she offered none. Ortega linked the Odebrecht scandal with Maduro and Socialist Party heavyweights including Diosdado Cabello and Jorge Rodriguez. Ortega said she had evidence that Cabello received some $100 million from the Brazilian company.  The international community must investigate such cases,  she told a news conference. Venezuelan authorities did not respond to a request for comment. Odebrecht admitted in a settlement with U.S. and Brazilian prosecutors to paying bribes across 12 countries to win contracts. According to a U.S. court ruling, between 2001 and 2016, Odebrecht paid about $788 million in bribes in countries including Brazil, Argentina, Colombia, Mexico and Venezuela. Ortega was removed from her position early this month by Venezuela s newly formed constituent assembly, a controversial pro-government body whose installation was called dictatorial by governments worldwide. Maduro said on Tuesday he would seek Ortega s arrest, accusing her of having worked for some time with the United States. Maduro blames Washington for many of Venezuela s problems, including triple-digit inflation, shortages of basic goods and months of anti-government unrest. In Caracas, state-controlled television broadcast images on Wednesday of a police operation in what it said was Ortega s apartment. The cameras showed marble floors, large paintings of Ortega herself and one by Andy Warhol, a cellar containing an array of expensive wines and a wardrobe filled with designer labels. Ortega said she would give details of the corruption cases to authorities in the United States, Spain, Mexico, Brazil and Colombia. Since settling in the United States, Brazil and Switzerland for a record $3.5 billion, Odebrecht has sought to negotiate leniency deals that would allow it to keep operating in other countries across Latin America. ",1
21386,Netanyahu to Putin: Israel may act to curb Iran's clout in Syria,"SOCHI, Russia (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday that Israel was prepared to act unilaterally to prevent an expanded Iranian military presence in Syria. Russia intervened in the civil war on behalf of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in 2015, joining a de facto alliance with Iranian forces, Lebanese Hezbollah and other Shi ite Muslim militias helping Damascus beat back Islamic State and other Sunni Muslim insurgent groups.  Israel fears an eventual Assad victory could leave Iran with a permanent garrison in Syria, extending a threat posed from neighboring Lebanon by the Iranian-backed Hezbollah. Meeting Putin in the Black Sea resort of Sochi, Netanyahu said Iran was fighting to cement an arc of influence from the Gulf to the Mediterranean.   Iran is already well on its way to controlling Iraq, Yemen and to a large extent is already in practice in control of Lebanon,  Netanyahu told Putin.  We cannot forget for a single minute that Iran threatens every day to annihilate Israel,  Netanyahu said.  Israel opposes Iran s continued entrenchment in Syria. We will be sure to defend ourselves with all means against this and any threat.  Putin, in the part of the meeting to which reporters had access, did not address Netanyahu s remarks about Iran s role in Syria nor his threat to take unilateral military action. But at the United Nations, Russian U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia told reporters the de-escalation zones established in Syria, of which Iran is guarantor alongside Turkey and Russia, are  real progress on the way to end that tragic war .  We know the position of Israel towards Iran but we think that Iran in Syria is playing a very constructive role,  said Nebenzia. Netanyahu advisers have privately said their focus is on keeping Iranian forces away from the Israeli-controlled Golan Heights, the Syrian side of which falls under a partial truce brokered by Russia and the United States in recent weeks.  In parallel to lobbying Moscow, Israel has been trying to persuade Washington that Iran and its guerrilla partners, not Islamic State, pose the greater common threat in the region.   Bringing Shi ites into the Sunni sphere will surely have many serious implications both in regard to refugees and to new terrorist acts,  Netanyahu told Israeli reporters after the three-hour meeting - his sixth with Putin since September 2015.  We want to prevent a war and that s why it s better to raise the alarm early in order to stop deterioration.  After the meeting, Netanyahu was due to fly back to Israel for talks with U.S. peace envoys Jared Kushner, Jason Greenblatt and Dina Powell, who are on a Middle East tour.    Russia has so far shown forbearance toward Israel, setting up a military hotline to prevent their warplanes or anti-aircraft units clashing accidentally over Syria. Israel s air force said last week it had struck suspected Hezbollah arms shipments around 100 times in Syria during the civil war, rarely drawing retaliation and apparently without Russian interference. Russian diplomats have argued that Moscow s stake in Syria deters Iran or Hezbollah from opening a new front with Israel.  We take the Israeli interests in Syria into account,  Alexander Petrovich Shein, Russia s ambassador to Israel, told its Channel One television on Tuesday.  Were it up to Russia, the foreign forces would not stay.   Zeev Elkin, an Israeli cabinet minister who joined Netanyahu in Sochi, said in a radio interview after the talks with Putin that he had  no doubt that it (the meeting) will lead to practical steps . Elkin did not elaborate. ",1
21387,Former Libyan prime minister freed after abduction in Tripoli,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Former Libyan Prime Minister Ali Zeidan has been released after being abducted during a visit to the capital, Tripoli, and held for nine days by an armed group, a relative said on Wednesday. Zeidan was prime minister from 2012-2014, a period when Libya slid deeper into the political turmoil and armed conflict that has plagued the country since Muammar Gaddafi was overthrown six years ago.  He has since been living in Germany with his family. It is not clear why Zeidan traveled to Libya or why he was abducted. He was being held by a group aligned with the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli, though he faced no judicial charges, a source said. The U.N.-backed government has not commented on the case. Tripoli is controlled by a number of the armed groups that have held power in the capital since 2011. Some have been given semi-official status by successive governments, but the groups remain unaccountable and involved in criminal activity. A lawyer for Zeidan, Moussa Al-Doghali, told France 24 Arabic TV channel that his client was released without explanation and that he did not know the circumstances of his arrest and detention. Zeidan was in good health and was staying in a Tripoli hotel following his release, Doghali said.   In October 2013, Zeidan was briefly abducted from a Tripoli hotel room by an armed group allied to the parliament that sacked him just over a year later. ",1
21388,Britain outlines plans to break free of European Court after Brexit,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain on Wednesday outlined several escape routes from the  direct jurisdiction  of the European Court of Justice after Brexit, one of Prime Minister Theresa May s key aims in talks to unstitch 40 years of EU membership.     In a government paper on the highly-sensitive topic, Britain set out its determination to negotiate a tailor-made agreement to enforce its own laws and resolve disputes once it has left the bloc in March 2019.     The paper drew attention to several EU agreements which do not require the Luxembourg-based court s direct jurisdiction over other countries - a clear attempt to encourage more flexibility among EU officials who are protective of the court. May said breaking free of the ECJ s jurisdiction meant that Britain would be able to make its own laws and British judges and courts would enforce them.      We will take back control of our laws,  she told reporters  in southern England, in a denial of suggestions by opposition lawmakers that she had watered down her demands by qualifying her words to say  direct  jurisdiction and opening the way to  indirect influence .      Her words placated many pro-Brexit lawmakers in her Conservative Party who say the ECJ has slowly sucked power from Britain s courts and parliament. Leave Means Leave, a pro-Brexit campaigning group, said it welcomed the government s  overall commitment  but wanted to make sure  the ECJ no longer plays a part in the British legal system .       But May s stance could further harden the EU s stance on the court. Many European officials see the ECJ as the ultimate arbiter of EU law and have said it should continue to guarantee the rights of EU citizens living in Britain after Brexit and oversee the Brexit agreement.     In the paper, Britain says its court would guarantee the rights of EU citizens or businesses in the country:  Those rights and obligations will be enforced by the UK courts and ultimately by the UK Supreme Court.  The EU said it was sticking to its stance and hoped to make progress on three areas as a priority  - the rights of expatriates, Britain s border with EU state Ireland and a financial settlement. That distance in viewpoints could delay an agreement with the EU on the divorce, a partner from international law firm Bird & Bird said.   The government s arguments about the role of the ECJ will contribute to prolonged uncertainty for businesses in relation to Brexit,  said Richard Eccles. The ECJ issue has all but halted debate on guaranteeing the rights of expatriates, according to a joint status document, published last month that compared the EU and British positions. But the question of how to resolve disputes after Brexit could cause even more difficulties.  In its paper, the government suggested it was not asking for the impossible, zeroing in on examples of where the ECJ does not have direct jurisdiction in resolving disputes.     It said though such cases were  illustrative  to help discussions with the EU.     Earlier, Dominic Raab, a pro-Leave campaigner who is now minister for courts and justice, said Britain would most likely suggest Britain and the EU should appoint arbitrators and agree a third party to deal with contentious issues post-Brexit.    That s one possible alternative, but I think it s the most likely,  he told BBC Radio Four, adding that Britain would have to keep  half an eye  on the case law of the ECJ in the future. He, like May, denied that use of the word  direct  before jurisdiction meant the government had now accepted that the court would continue to have influence over British law. But opposition lawmakers said the paper was tantamount to admitting defeat by a government which lost its authority at an ill-judged election two months ago by watering down one of its  red lines .  Not much is left of (Brexit minister) David Davis s so-called  red line  of taking back control from European judges,  Andrew Adonis, a leading pro-EU campaigner, said.  This is a climbdown camouflaged in jingoistic rhetoric. Even if we leave the Single Market, European judges will still have considerable power over decisions made in the UK.  ",1
21389,"Trump must be respected as U.S. president, says Germany's Merkel","BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday Donald Trump must be shown appropriate respect for holding the office of the U.S. president, even if she may differ with him on policy issues. Merkel, campaigning for a fourth term in office after a Sept. 24 national election, has refused to bend to pressure from her Social Democrat (SPD) rivals to resist demands by Trump for NATO members to increase their defense spending. As a committed Atlanticist, she has stressed the strength of German relations with the United States even when flagging differences in opinion on policy.  If you take the president of the United States, whatever differences of opinion there may be, I know he prevailed in a tough election. It wasn t reserved for him on a silver platter,  she told business daily Handelsblatt in an interview.   In the end, he won the election under American electoral law and that means he is democratically elected and that this person should be shown the appropriate respect, regardless of how I assess his views,  she added. Her SPD challenger, Martin Schulz, has been far more critical of Trump, referring to the U.S. president as  this irresponsible man in the White House . Merkel, who enjoyed holidaying in the United States before becoming chancellor in 2005, said she missed the opportunity to vacation there now.  I can t go on holiday in San Diego now as chancellor because the time difference is too much, and that is something I miss a bit, but the work itself is so marvelous that I can afford to miss it.  ",1
21390,Pakistan rejects role of 'scapegoat for U.S. failures' in Afghanistan,"KARACHI, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistan has rejected U.S. criticism of its efforts to fight terrorism, saying it should not be made a scapegoat for the failure of the U.S. military to win the war in Afghanistan. U.S. President Donald Trump unveiled his policy for Afghanistan on Monday, stepping up the military campaign against Taliban insurgents and singling out Pakistan for harboring them. U.S. officials later warned that aid to Pakistan might be cut and Washington might downgrade nuclear-armed Pakistan s status as a major non-NATO ally, in order to pressure it to do more to help bring about an end to America s longest-running war. Pakistan s powerful military chief, General Qamar Javed Bajwa, met U.S. Ambassador David Hale on Wednesday and told him Pakistan was actively working for peace in Afghanistan.  We have done a lot ... and shall keep on doing our best, not to appease anyone but in line with our national interest and national policy,  Bajwa was quoted in an army press statement as telling Hale. Pakistani Foreign Minister Khawaja Asif added his voice to a chorus of indignation over the U.S. criticism, reiterating Pakistan s denial that it harbors militants.  They should not make Pakistan a scapegoat for their failures in Afghanistan,  Asif said in an interview with Geo TV late on Tuesday.  A group of influential Pakistani clerics including Sami-ul Haq, who runs a Islamic seminary where many senior Afghan Taliban studied, angrily condemned the United States.  America is the enemy of the Muslim ummah (community),  Haq told a press briefing along with other clerics who preach a jihadist doctrine.  The government of Pakistan should quit the alliance for war against so-called terrorism,  Haq added.  The heavens will not fall if America gets angry with us.  Pakistan has for years been battling homegrown Islamist militants who are seeking to overthrow the state with bomb attacks and assassinations. But critics say the Pakistani military nurtures other Islamist factions, including the Afghan Taliban, which are seen as useful to Pakistan s core confrontation with old rival India. Asif said Pakistan had suffered great losses from Islamist militancy - the government estimates there have been 70,000 casualties in militant attacks, including 17,000 Pakistanis killed - since Pakistan joined the U.S.  war on terrorism  after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the United States. The relationship between the two countries has endured periods of extreme strain during the past decade, especially after al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was found and killed by U.S. special forces in Pakistan in a 2011 raid.   Last year, a U.S. drone strike killed then-Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour in southwestern Pakistan, an attack Islamabad protested as a violation of its sovereignty. Pakistan has denied knowledge that either bin Laden or Mansour were in the country. ",1
21391,Romanian president opposes plans for judicial overhaul,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania s justice minister proposed a significant overhaul of the judicial system on Wednesday which the president called an attack on the rule of law that would set the country back a decade. Romania is seen as one of the EU s most corrupt states and Brussels keeps its justice system under special monitoring. Attempts by the ruling coalition of Social Democrats and junior partner ALDE to weaken a crackdown on high-level corruption triggered the country s largest street protests in decades at the start of the year. Justice Minister Tudorel Toader proposed a slew of changes on Wednesday ranging from the way chief prosecutors are appointed to setting up a special prosecuting unit for crimes committed by magistrates.  The proposals ... constitute an attack against the rule of law, the independence and proper functioning of the judiciary as well as the anti-corruption fight,  centrist President Klaus Iohannis said in a statement.  If this mix of measures is adopted by the government and approved by parliament, Romania s efforts for more than 10 years will be wiped out and the justice system will go back to a time when it was subordinated to politics.  Under Romanian law, the president appoints chief prosecutors who have been proposed by the justice minister and received non-binding approval from the Superior Magistrates  Council (CSM), the top watchdog that safeguards judicial independence.  Toader also proposed that the justice minister, who is politically appointed, take control of the judicial inspection unit from the CSM. Analysts and magistrates have said this would lead to political interference in the justice system. The Prosecutor General s office said these proposals were an alarm signal, adding that prosecutors had not been consulted. Toader declined to answer questions but told reporters the proposals were  within normal and necessary parameters for the rule of law.  The proposals will be send to the CSM for an opinion before being submitted to the government and ultimately parliament for approval. ",1
21392,"Iran, Saudi Arabia to exchange diplomatic visits: Iranian foreign minister","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran and Saudi Arabia will exchange diplomatic visits soon, Tehran said on Wednesday, indicating a possible thaw in relations between the regional rivals since they severed diplomatic ties last year. Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif told the Iranian Students  News Agency (ISNA) that the visits could take place after the haj pilgrimage ends in the first week of September.  The visas have been issued for both sides to make this trip,  Zarif said, according to ISNA.  We are waiting for the final steps to be completed so diplomats from the two countries can inspect their embassies and consulates.  Relations between Iran and Saudi Arabia are at their worst in years, with each accusing the other of subverting regional security and supporting opposite sides in conflicts in Syria, Iraq and Yemen. Iranian protesters stormed the Saudi embassy in Tehran in Jan. 2016 after a prominent Saudi Shi ite cleric was executed, prompting Riyadh to close the embassy. Saudi Arabia and several other Arab governments have severed ties with Qatar, citing its support of Iran as one of the main reasons. Iran has blamed Saudi Arabia for being behind deadly twin attacks on June 7 in Tehran claimed by Islamic State. At least 18 people were killed and more than 40 wounded in the attacks, in which Riyadh has denied any involvement. Thousands of Iranian pilgrims are currently undertaking the haj pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia. ",1
21393,Danish police identify torso as missing submarine journalist,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Police on Wednesday identified a headless female torso washed ashore in Copenhagen as that of Swedish reporter Kim Wall, who they believe was killed by a Danish inventor on board his home-made submarine. Wall, who was researching a story on inventor Peter Madsen, went missing after he took her out to sea in his 17-metre (56-foot) submarine on Aug. 10. He denies killing her, saying she died in an accident. Announcing the results of tests on the torso, discovered by a passing cyclist on Monday, police spokesman Jens Moller said it had suffered damage suggesting  an attempt to make sure air and gas inside should leave the body so that it would not rise from the seabed . He added:  There was also some metal attached to the body, allegedly also to make sure the body would sink to the bottom.  The arms, legs and head had been sawn from the body. Analysis showed a match with Wall s DNA, which the police had gathered from a toothbrush and a hairbrush, and with blood found in the submarine, Moller said. Police still do not know the cause of death, and divers are searching for more body parts. Madsen, 46, is charged with manslaughter, which carries a sentence of between five years and life in prison. His lawyer  Betina Hald Engmark told Reuters he was maintaining his innocence and sticking to his account that Wall s death was accidental. The macabre case has riveted Swedish and Danish media, and made headlines around the world.  It is with boundless sadness and dismay we received the message that the remains of our daughter and sister Kim Wall have been found,  Wall s mother Ingrid Wall said on Facebook.  During the horrendous days that have passed since Kim disappeared, we have received countless evidence of how loved and appreciated she was, both as a person and friend and as a professional journalist. From all corners of the world comes proof of Kim as a person who made a difference.  Madsen has told a court that following the alleged accident, he  buried  Wall at sea - changing his initial statement to police that he dropped her off alive in Copenhagen. A day after taking Wall out on his UC3 Nautilus submarine, the inventor was rescued after the vessel sank. Police found nobody else on board. The submarine is one of three constructed by Madsen and one of the largest privately built ones in the world. It can carry eight people and weighs 40 tonnes when fully equipped.  Madsen was already well known in Denmark as an entrepreneur and aerospace engineer, as well as for his submarines. He founded the association Copenhagen Suborbitals, with the goal of sending a person into space in a home-built rocket, and wrote a blog under the nickname  Rocket Madsen .  He is not violent, he does not drink, does not do drugs,  Thomas Djursing, who wrote a book about him, told Danish tabloid B.T. earlier this month.  On the other hand, he quarrels with everyone and I have argued with him too. But that is how it often is with people who are deeply driven by a passion.  Wall, 30, was a freelance journalist whose work had appeared in Harper s Magazine, The Guardian, The New York Times, Foreign Policy, the South China Morning Post, The Atlantic and TIME.  Originally from Sweden, she held degrees from New York s Columbia University and the London School of Economics and was based between New York and Beijing. She had written about topics ranging from gender and social justice to pop culture and foreign policy, according to her LinkedIn profile. She had also received training in hostile environments and emergency first-aid, she said on the profile. Her mother said she had uncovered stories all over the world.  She gave a voice to the weak, the vulnerable and marginalized people. That voice would have been needed for a long, long time. Now it won t be so.  ",1
21394,"Typhoon batters Hong Kong and south China, three dead in Macau","HONG KONG (Reuters) - Typhoon Hato, a maximum category 10 storm, slammed into Hong Kong on Wednesday lashing the Asian financial hub with wind and rain that uprooted trees and forced most businesses to close, while in some places big waves flooded seaside streets. There were reports of 34 people injured in Hong Kong while in the city of Macau, across the Pearl River estuary, three people were killed, authorities there said. In Hong Kong, more than 450 flights were canceled, financial markets suspended and schools closed as Hato bore down, the first category 10 storm to hit the city since 2012.  I ve never seen one like this,  Garrett Quigley, a longtime resident of Lantau island to the west of the city, said of the storm.  Cars are half submerged and roads are impassable with flooding and huge trees down. It s crazy.   Many skyscrapers in the usually teeming streets of Hong Kong were empty and dark as office workers stayed at home. Hato, that means  sky pigeon  in Japanese, churned up Hong Kong s Victoria Harbor and triggered large swells and big waves on some of the city s most popular beaches, with serious flooding in low-lying areas. In residential districts such as Heng Fa Chuen on densely populated Hong Kong island, waves smashed against the sides of oceanfront buildings and surged over a promenade, sweeping away walls and benches and swamping vehicles parked nearby. Construction cranes swayed at the tops of skyscrapers, windows imploded and nearly 200 trees were uprooted, while some people used canoes to venture out into flooded streets. Authorities downgraded the storm to a category three by late-afternoon with government services, the courts, financial markets and companies set to resume normal business on Thursday. The storm also caused a power blackout across most of the gambling hub of Macau for about two hours, residents said, with disruption to mobile phone and internet networks. There was severe flooding on the streets, with some cars almost completely submerged, and the water supply was affected in some districts. The three men who died included a 45-year-old Chinese tourist who was hit by a heavy truck, according to a government statement. The former Portuguese colony s casinos, however, had backup power, two casino executives told Reuters.  The storm also made landfall in China s Guangdong province, in Zhuhai city adjacent to Macau, Chinese state news agency Xinhua reported.  Numerous flights and trains were canceled in Guangdong province, with Shenzhen s International Airport particularly badly hit. Thousands of residents along the Chinese coast were evacuated and fishing vessels were called back to port. Maximum winds near Hato s center were recorded at a destructive 155 kph (95 mph) as it continued to move west across Guangdong in the general direction of Hainan island. A senior scientific officer for the Hong Kong observatory warned that sea levels could rise several meters in some places, with the government issuing flood alerts and opening 27 shelters across the city.  Trading in Hong Kong s financial markets was halted for the day, the stock exchange said. Typhoon Nida in August last year was the last storm to close the exchange for the whole day. The city s flagship carrier, Cathay Pacific, and Hong Kong Airlines said the majority of their flights to and from Hong Kong between 2200 GMT Tuesday and 0900 GMT Wednesday would be canceled. Other transport services, including ferries to Macau and outlying islands in Hong Kong, were suspended. ",1
21395,Poland to allocate additional $55 bllion on defense by 2032: deputy minister,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland will allocate an additional 200 billion zlotys ($55 billion) on defense over the next 15 years to modernize its army amid signs of growing aggression from Russia, a deputy defense minister said. Russia s Zapad military exercises next month in Belarus and western Russia, the largest in years, have raised concerns for their lack of transparency, with NATO worried the official number of troops participating might be understated.  NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg will visit Poland on Thursday and Friday to check on deployment of U.S. troops in the east of the country and to meet Polish, Romanian and Turkish government officials. Poland, alarmed by what it sees as Russia s assertiveness on NATO s eastern flank, has lobbied hard for the stationing of NATO troops on its soil, especially since Moscow s annexation of Crimea in 2014.  The government has approved a legislative amendment ... which gives us nearly 200 billion zlotys over the next 15 years,  deputy defense minister Tomasz Szatkowski said, adding that this was in line with plans to raise defense spending gradually to reach 2.5 percent of gross domestic product.  This is not a trivial amount,  he told Reuters in an interview. The Polish government agreed in June to raise defense spending gradually from 2 pct to 2.5 percent of GDP. This means that annual spending would nearly double to about 80 billion zlotys by 2032.  Szatkowski, architect of a new national concept for defense, said that although the ministry would be getting almost all the money needed to implement the strategy, some  hard choices  will have to be made.  The plan is to increase the size of the army nearly twofold and revamp the equipment. Nearly two-thirds of equipment dates from the Soviet era when the country was in the Moscow-led Warsaw Pact. The navy, though, will fare less well from modernization. The ministry has canceled the purchase of two classes of surface vessels, including multi-task frigates used to protect other warships.  We cannot afford to expand the transport fleet,  Szatkowski said. Higher spending on artillery, engineering or assault helicopters will come at the cost of expanding the airborne forces.  Warsaw plans to acquire fifth-generation fighter jets, but Szatkowski said that this would not happen until the second half of the next decade. Szatkowski defended the spending plans which have been criticized as  unrealistic .  Nobody can release from us the obligation of planning and creating a coherent vision and proving there is money for it - something that is happening for the first time on such a scope in the history of Polish defense planning,  he said. ",1
21396,"Pro-Houthi fighters call powerful Yemen ally 'evil', escalating feud","DUBAI (Reuters) - Fighters loyal to the armed Houthi movement on Wednesday decried as  evil  the group s main ally in Yemen s civil war, ex-president Ali Abdullah Saleh, widening an unusual public rift as they fight a Saudi-led coalition for control of the country. The  Popular Committees , a body of rank and file pro-Houthi combatants, condemned Saleh s description of them in a speech as a  militia,  criticizing the former leader who remains one of Yemen s most powerful politicians and military figures.  What (Saleh) said transgressed a red line and he could have only fallen into this because he s evil and void of every good, patriotic or religious characteristic,  the collection of tribal and volunteer fighters said in a statement. The tactical alliance between Saleh and the Houthis has often appeared fragile, with both groups suspicious of each other s ultimate motives and sharing little ideological ground. While president, Saleh waged six wars against the Houthis from 2002 to 2009 and was for many years an ally of convenience for Saudi Arabia. Big switches of loyalty are a feature of Yemen s byzantine political landscape, particularly since 2011  Arab Spring  unrest which led to Saleh s fall in 2012. A war of words has escalated in recent days between the Iran-allied Houthis and Saleh, who together run northern Yemen. The two factions have traded barbs on responsibility for challenges such as unemployment and mounting hunger after 2-1/2 years of fighting the internationally recognized government, based in the south and backed by the Saudi-led coalition. The alliance intervened in the civil war in 2015 to restore the government to power in the capital Sanaa. But the conflict, which has killed at least 10,000 people, is in stalemate. At least 30 people were killed in an air strike that hit a small hotel north of Sanaa on Wednesday, the Houthis said. The  Saudi-led coalition has controlled Yemeni air space since the war began. Based in the southern port city of Aden, the government struggles to impose its writ over militias and armed groups there, but strife now looms for its northern foes. In a speech on Sunday, Saleh summoned party supporters to hold a mass rally in Sanaa on Aug. 24, a planned show of force that has deeply irritated the Houthis. Their leadership convened on Wednesday and recommended the announcement of a state of emergency and suspension of all  party activity , telling Saleh s supporters any mass gatherings should be made on battlefronts, not in public squares. In comments that may deepen Houthi suspicions, the United Arab Emirates Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Anwar Gargash, spoke approvingly of the rift, saying it  may represent an opportunity to break (Yemen s) political deadlock.  ",1
21397,Germany's Schulz says he would demand U.S. withdraw nuclear arms,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The leader of Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) pledged to have U.S. nuclear weapons withdrawn from German territory if, against the odds, he defeats Angela Merkel to become chancellor next month. Addressing a campaign rally in Trier late on Tuesday, SPD leader Martin Schulz also said he, unlike Merkel, would resist demands by U.S. President Donald Trump for NATO members to increase their defense spending.  Trump wants nuclear armament. We are against this,  Schulz said, apparently trying to differentiate his party from Merkel s more hawkish Christian Democratic Union (CDU).  As chancellor, I will commit Germany to having the nuclear weapons stationed here withdrawn from our country,  he said. About 20 U.S. nuclear warheads are thought to be stationed at a military base in Buechel, in western Germany, according to unofficial estimates. The U.S. embassy in Berlin said it does not comment on nuclear weapons in Germany. Taking advantage of Trump s extreme unpopularity in Germany, Schulz also said he would use the money Merkel had earmarked for increased military spending for other purposes.  What to do with our money is the central question of this election,  he said, referring to a 30 billion-euro tax surplus.  Trump demands that 2 percent of GDP, 30 billion euros, should go to military spending, and Merkel agreed to that without asking German citizens.  Germany and other NATO members had already pledged to raise their defense spending to 2 percent of gross domestic product before Trump was elected. While most of them have increased spending on their militaries, only a few have reached the 2 percent goal, and Germany is not one of them. Most recent polls show Schulz s party polling at around 24 percent, some 14 percentage points behind Merkel. Most expect a booming economy and low unemployment will carry her into a fourth term in Sept. 24 elections. However, with Germans historically wary of using military force since World War Two, Schulz s message may resonate among the SPD s core voters. After 12 years in office, Merkel has become increasingly confident on the global stage. She has pushed for Germany to become more militarily self-reliant, partly in response to Trump s hinting that he might abandon NATO allies if they do not spend more on defense. Earlier this year, Merkel said the times when Germany could rely on others to defend it were  to some extent in the past  . ",1
21398,Blunt instrument? What a list of banned articles says about China's censors,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - An old review of an academic monograph on agrarian revolutionaries in 1930s China is hardly a political third rail in Beijing today, even by the increasingly sensitive standards of the ruling Communist Party. That such a piece appeared on a list of some 300 scholarly works that Cambridge University Press (CUP) said last week the Chinese government had asked it to block from its website offers clues about the inner workings of China s vast and secretive censorship apparatus, say experts. President Xi Jinping has stepped up censorship and tightened controls on the internet and various aspects of civil society, as well as reasserting Communist Party authority over academia and other institutions, since coming to power in 2012. Far from being a well-oiled machine, though, China s censorship regime is fragmented and often undermined by gaps, workarounds, and perhaps even hasty officials, say academics specializing in Chinese politics.  Crude is the word,  said Jonathan Sullivan, an associate professor at the University of Nottingham in Britain.  The blunt way in which articles were chosen for censoring ... suggest to me that there was not a lot of thought put into it.  CUP, the publishing arm of Britain s elite Cambridge University, on Monday reversed its decision to comply with the request to censor the articles published in the journal China Quarterly following an outcry over academic freedom. China s response remains to be seen. The education ministry, foreign ministry, cyberspace administration and state publishing authority all declined to comment. The list of articles the authorities wanted blocked covered topics that are considered sensitive by the government, including the 1989 Tiananmen Square democracy protests, the 1966-76 Cultural Revolution, Tibet, Taiwan and the violence-prone far-western region of Xinjiang. But it was far from thorough or comprehensive. The article on 1930s agrarian revolutionaries may have got there by mistake, say experts. What appears to have condemned the scathing but otherwise innocuous 1991 review of Kamal Sheel s book about a Communist base area in China s southern heartland was the fact the place was named Xinjiang, and the word appeared in the book title. The Chinese characters are different for Xinjiang, the village, and Xinjiang, the mostly-Muslim region more than 2,500 km (1,550 miles) to the northwest that is beset by ethnic tensions and occasional unrest. But in English they are indistinguishable. Xu Xibai, a doctoral candidate at the University of Oxford, tweeted a brief analysis of the list that noted that its creators appear to have hastily searched the China Quarterly database for taboo words in titles and abstracts.  The censors probably used a few keyword searches to locate just enough articles to make a nice, long list to impress their superiors,  Xu s post said.  They did not bother to read the articles or go through the content list manually.  An article defending Mao Zedong was on the censored list, for instance, while others more critical of the former paramount leader were not. Some sensitive subjects seem to have eluded the officials  net. The Communist Party tightly controls discourse on the 1958-61 Great Leap Forward, in which millions starved to death due to ill-conceived economic policies. Censors have banned books on the topic but it was apparently not on this list. Nor were the brutal, Communist-led land reforms of the 1950s, or the Hundred Flowers Movement, an effort by Mao to lure critics out of the woodwork by feigning openness, only to punish them. The party s efforts to censor news and information have sometimes backfired or left outsiders perplexed. In 2009, software designed to check pornographic and violent images on PCs blocked images of a movie poster for cartoon cat Garfield, dishes of flesh-color cooked pork and on one search engine a close-up of film star Johnny Depp s face. Citizen Lab, a group of researchers based at the University of Toronto, compiled a list of words banned as of last year on popular live streaming sites in China. Among them:  Moulin Rouge ,  braised rabbit ,  helicopter  and  zen . The request to block the articles was passed to Cambridge University Press by its import agent, but without knowing where it originated it is hard to draw firm conclusions, said Sebastian Veg, a China scholar at the School of Advanced Studies in Social Sciences in Paris.  The censorship system is of course centrally directed, but not uniform,  Veg said. Lee Siu-yau, assistant professor of Greater China studies at the Education University of Hong Kong, suspects the request was a trial balloon.  They usually start with something small-scale and gradually expand and make their requirements more difficult,  he said.    This might be one of the first steps that the Chinese government would take to see if it could actually influence international academic publishers.  (Story refiles to add dropped words  a  and  an  in paragraphs four and six.)  ",1
21399,Saudi police release teenager detained for dancing in street,"DUBAI (Reuters) - A 14-year-old boy who was detained by Saudi police for dancing to the song  Macarena  at a traffic intersection has been released with a warning about road safety, the interior ministry said on Wednesday. The boy was filmed dancing to the catchy 1990s hit song in front of five lanes of cars stopped at a traffic light, in a clip widely shared on social media. Police had said the teenager, whose name and nationality were not given, was being questioned because he had shown  improper public behavior  and disrupted traffic.  An interior ministry statement said the boy had been released without charge, after he and his legal guardian were summoned for questioning.  They signed a written pledge that the teen will not engage in behavior that could endanger his life and the life of others again,  it said.  The notification was solely intended to warn the boy about potential consequences for his own safety, as well as to safeguard the overall safety of motorists and pedestrians.  ",1
21400,"The People's Princess, Britons work to keep memory alive","LONDON (Reuters) - Abdul Daoud spilt most of the cappuccino into the saucer the first time he served Princess Diana, his nerves getting the better of him. Almost 20 years on since she was killed when her car crashed in a Paris tunnel, he still works surrounded by pictures of the woman he calls  the princess of the people  in his cafe, named Diana, his very personal attempt to keep her memory alive.  My promise to her is to put this place as a tribute for her,  he said of his cafe, set up in 1989, near London s Kensington Gardens, home to the palace where Diana used to live.  For him, celebrating her life is  business as usual  at the cafe where visitors can eat Diana salads or Diana burgers and where he said she used to stop by regularly.   She is the princess of the people, always,  he said, adding that he does not believe she will ever be forgotten. But many younger Britons said that while they can understand the fascination with the princess, whose struggles to fit in to the royal household played out in the full glare of the media, they don t feel it themselves.       I think she maybe meant more to my mother,  said Stephen Butler in the west London area Diana used to live.  When she died I remember my mother shaking me awake and being quite devastated about it.  Student Shermine Grigorius was three-years-old when Diana died but after being told stories about the Princess of Wales by her mother, sees her as a  symbol of kindness .  While the royals have always been dutifully charitable, Diana was known for going beyond her in-laws, or even any celebrity at the time, in her philanthropy.  Whether in charity work or in royal life, she earned a reputation for being a rebel who defied convention: from campaigning for a worldwide ban on landmines despite opposition from the British government to flouting royal protocol to speak candidly about her experiences with bulimia and infidelity.   She bought a different side to the whole monarchy,  said Anika Wijuria, a 30-year-old project manager.  They were quite stiff and she was quite liberal.  At the Da Mario restaurant, Marco Molino remembers another side of Diana, describing a  down to earth  woman who liked to eat Italian dishes with her sons, Princes William and Harry, or friends.  Her personality was very normal, very down to earth, very friendly,  he said near an oil painting of Diana on the wall.  I think that s what she really wanted - a bit of normality ... Here was one of the places where she could achieve that.  Ronald van Bronkhorst, who has lived above Da Mario since the 70s, also said she never made flashy entrances.  Her legacy will never leave ... You think about her all the time, especially in the area we live in.  ",1
21401,"Argentina labor unions protest job losses, Macri policies","BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentina s main labor unions took to the streets of the capital on Tuesday demanding more jobs and protesting center-right President Mauricio Macri s economic policies.  Tens of thousands of workers gathered in the historic Plaza de Mayo criticizing Macri, who is trying to lower labor costs to attract investment and jump-start an economy that emerged from recession in the second half of last year.  If some retrograde (in the government) thinks that lowering wages, precarious living conditions and destroying trade unions is going to line up investments... we say that is very wrong,  said Juan Carlos Schmid, a leader of Argentina s largest umbrella union, the CGT. Standing on a podium at the protest, he said the CGT would meet in late September to discuss a potential strike.  Macri told Reuters in an interview this month his government was negotiating labor agreements sector by sector rather than trying to pass a comprehensive labor reform like the one approved in neighboring Brazil. Unions fear more drastic changes could be coming after mid-term legislative elections in October, however, especially after a primary vote on Aug. 13 pointed to strong support for Macri s coalition. Macri is trying to open Argentina s long protected economy and focus on competitive industries like oil and agriculture, but has seen some manufacturing jobs lost in the meantime.  The most recent employment data showed the jobless rate rose to 9.2 percent in the first quarter of the year from 7.6 percent in the fourth quarter of last year. ",1
21402,"Exclusive: Trump's Afghan decision may increase U.S. air power, training","ON BOARD A U.S. MILITARY AIRCRAFT (Reuters) - The U.S. Air Force may intensify its strikes in Afghanistan and expand training of the Afghan air force following President Donald Trump s decision to forge ahead with the 16-year-old war, its top general told Reuters on Tuesday. Air Force Chief of Staff General David Goldfein said, however, he was still examining the matter, as the U.S. military s top brass had only begun the process of translating Trump s war strategy into action. Asked whether the Air Force would dedicate more assets to Afghanistan, where the United States has been engaged in its longest military conflict, Goldfein said only:  Possibly.    It s actually too early to tell what this will mean in terms of plus-ups and reductions,  he said in a joint interview with Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson. Still, he acknowledged that the Air Force was  absolutely  examining the possibility of increasing air power, including to support U.S. ground forces, following Trump s promise of a stepped-up campaign against Taliban insurgents, who have gained ground against U.S.-backed Afghan government forces.  Goldfein said the same about providing training to Afghan pilots. Wilson, who assumed the Air Force s top civilian job three months ago, noted the Afghan military had made strides thanks to U.S. training and equipment, but added:  I think there is a long way to go there, very honestly.   In a speech on Monday night, Trump appeared to answer a call from the top U.S. commander on the ground for thousands of more troops to break a stalemate with Taliban insurgents, on top of the roughly 8,400 now deployed in Afghanistan. Trump said the United States would not disclose troop numbers, but one U.S. official told Reuters they could start moving quickly. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday he would set troop levels following the review by military chiefs. During the administration of Trump s predecessor, Barack Obama, U.S. military officials privately expressed frustration about their inability to strike at many Taliban targets - including training camps -  unless they could show a direct threat to U.S. forces or major impact on the Afghan state. Wilson said Trump appeared to be giving greater flexibility to strike insurgents.     Obviously the Joint Chiefs will work through their plans and make proposals, but I think the guidance was pretty clear from the president last night, and we re going to go on the offensive and destroy these terrorist networks,  Wilson said.  Goldfein said:  I thought that came out very loud and clear in the speech that that s his priority.  Wilson and Goldfein spoke to Reuters while flying back to the United States after a nine-day trip that included a visit to Afghanistan, where the U.S. military has ramped up its firepower against Islamic State in recent months even as it helps Afghan forces battle the Taliban.   Particularly for the U.S. Air Force, the size of the American commitment to Afghanistan far outweighs the number of airmen deployed there. A network of U.S. installations throughout the Middle East supports the Afghan campaign, including in Qatar and the United Arab Emirates.  Still, any substantial increase in U.S. targeting of the Taliban and Islamic State militants would likely require dedicating more U.S. military assets to build intelligence, strike insurgent targets and provide support to U.S. forces in the field. Although the U.S. military is stretched, a string of U.S. coalition-backed victories by Iraqi forces against Islamic State might free up some firepower and intelligence assets for Afghanistan, experts say. Air Force spokesman Brigadier General Edward Thomas declined to speculate on operational planning. But he noted that U.S. air power from the region could be deployed, if needed, including fighter aircraft, bombers and spy planes.     With the detailed planning that will follow the president s announcement, the Air Force will be ready to swing any additional airmen and aircraft to the fight as required,   Thomas said.  Trump ran for the presidency calling for a swift U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan, which the United States invaded in October 2001, and he acknowledged on Monday that he was going against his instincts in approving the new campaign plan sought by his military advisers. Wilson said Trump s remarks represented a  strategic correction  in the war effort along with a significant shift in policy on Pakistan. In his speech, Trump delivered a sharp rebuke to Islamabad for allowing Taliban insurgents a safe haven from which launch attacks in Afghanistan, and said it had  much to lose  unless it changed course. Pakistan denies that it harbors militants fighting U.S. and Afghan government forces in Afghanistan. Reuters has reported that the United States has been considering a range of actions, including withholding aid to Pakistan and, perhaps, ramping up drone strikes. Successive U.S. administrations have struggled with how to deal with nuclear-armed Pakistan, and the U.S. military has been dependent in the past on overflight or land routes through Pakistan to resupply its forces in landlocked Afghanistan.   Wilson did not rule out a future U.S. military role against militants in Pakistan should Islamabad fail to act, but she said Trump s focus appeared to be on diplomatic efforts for now.   My assumption is that there will be some intense diplomatic pressure,  she said. Goldfein said he was not aware of any changes to U.S.-Pakistani military ties, but acknowledged the military would take its cues from the State Department.  I can tell you that I have a fairly robust dialogue with the Pakistani air chief. I ve hosted him. He s hosted me,  Goldfein said.  But that dialogue is always supportive of the diplomatic dialogue.   ",1
21403,U.S. puts more pressure on Pakistan to help with Afghan war,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States suggested on Tuesday it could cut U.S. aid to Pakistan or downgrade Islamabad s status as a major non-NATO ally to pressure the South Asian nation to do more to help it with the war in Afghanistan. A day after President Donald Trump committed to an open-ended conflict in Afghanistan and singled out Pakistan for harboring Afghan Taliban insurgents and other militants, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Washington s relationship with Pakistan would depend on its help against terrorism.  We are going to be conditioning our support for Pakistan and our relationship with them on them delivering results in this area,  Tillerson told reporters.  U.S. officials are frustrated by what they see as Pakistan s reluctance to act against groups such as the Afghan Taliban and the Haqqani network that they believe exploit safe haven on Pakistani soil to launch attacks on neighboring Afghanistan. Pakistan denies it harbors militants fighting U.S. and Afghan government forces in Afghanistan. Tillerson said the United States could consider withdrawing Pakistan s status as a major non-NATO ally, which provides limited benefits such as giving Pakistan faster access to surplus U.S. military hardware, if cooperation did not improve.  We have some leverage that s been discussed in terms of the amount of aid and military assistance we give them, their status as non-NATO alliance partner - all of that can be put on the table,  he said. In a televised speech on Monday offering few specifics, Trump promised a stepped-up military campaign against Taliban insurgents who have gained ground against the U.S.-backed Afghan government and he singled out Pakistan for harboring militants. U.S.-backed Afghan forces overthrew the Taliban s hard-line Islamist government in late 2001 because it sheltered al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden, architect of the Sept. 11 attacks on New York and Washington that year.  U.S. forces have been bogged down since in a war that has vexed three American presidents. About 2,400 U.S. troops have died there in America s longest military conflict.   (For a graphic on U.S. troops and contractors in Afghanistan click tmsnrt.rs/2xm6CxQ)  The Afghan government welcomed Trump s speech, but the Taliban said it would make the country a  graveyard for the American empire.      Successive U.S. administrations have struggled with how to deal with nuclear-armed Pakistan, which has a porous border with Afghanistan. Washington fumes about inaction against the Taliban, but Pakistan has cooperated on other U.S. counterterrorism efforts, including against al Qaeda and Islamic State militants. The Pakistani Foreign Ministry said it was  disappointing that the US policy statement ignores the enormous sacrifices rendered by the Pakistani nation  in fighting terrorism.   As a matter of policy, Pakistan does not allow use of its territory against any country,  it said.      A senior U.S. official said on Tuesday significant measures were under consideration, including possibly sanctioning Pakistani officials with ties to extremist organizations. Trump also called for Pakistan s great rival India to play a bigger role in Afghanistan, a prospect that will ring alarm bells for Pakistan s generals.      Trump s policy of engaging India and threatening action may actually constrain Pakistan and lead to the opposite of what he wants,  said Zahid Hussain, a Pakistani security analyst. The United States has little choice but to use Pakistani roads and air corridors to resupply its troops in landlocked Afghanistan, giving Islamabad considerable leverage. U.S. officials fret that if Pakistan becomes an active foe, it could further destabilize Afghanistan and endanger U.S. soldiers.     Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday he was awaiting a plan from the U.S. military s chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Joseph Dunford, before deciding how many more troops to send to Afghanistan.  When he brings that to me, I will determine how many more we need to send in,  Mattis told reporters in Baghdad.  It may or may not be the number that is bandied about.  U.S. officials have said Trump has given Mattis authority to send about 4,000 additional troops to add to the roughly 8,400 already in Afghanistan. The U.S. Air Force may intensify its strikes in Afghanistan and expand training of the Afghan air force following Trump s decision, its top general told Reuters on Tuesday. Most U.S. troops in Afghanistan work with a NATO-led training and advising mission, with the rest part of a counterterrorism force that mostly targets pockets of al Qaeda and Islamic State fighters. ",1
21404,Exclusive: U.S. to withhold up to $290 million in Egypt aid,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States has decided to deny Egypt $95.7 million in aid and to delay a further $195 million because of its failure to make progress on respecting human rights and democratic norms, two sources familiar with the matter said on Tuesday. The decision reflects a U.S. desire to continue security cooperation as well as frustration with Cairo s stance on civil liberties, notably a new law that regulates non-governmental organizations that is widely seen as part a growing crackdown on dissent, said the sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity. U.S. officials were especially unhappy that Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi in May allowed the NGO law to go into effect. Human rights groups and activists have said that it effectively bans their work and makes it harder for charities to operate. Egyptian officials had assured U.S. officials earlier this year that the law, which restricts NGO activity to developmental and social work and introduces jail terms of up to five years for non-compliance, would not go through, the sources said. Spokespeople for the White House and the State Department were not immediately available for comment. Egypt is an important Mideast partner for the United States because of its control of the Suez Canal and its border with Israel. The sources said the administration had decided to  reprogram  $65.7 million in fiscal year 2017 Foreign Military Financing funds (FMF) and $30 million in fiscal year 2016 Economic Support Fund (ESF) funds.  Reprogramming  means these funds would be used for other purposes and would not go to Egypt. The administration made a separate decision to withhold $195 million in fiscal year 2016 Foreign Military Financing funds which, had it not acted, would have expired and ceased to be available at the end of the current fiscal year on Sept. 30. The second decision also illustrated the administration s ambivalence toward Egypt. Under U.S. law, the administration is required to withhold 15 percent, or $195 million, of the $1.3 billion it gives Egypt annually in FMF funds unless it can certify that Cairo is making progress on advancing human rights and democracy. However, the administration can issue a national security waiver that allows the funds to go through. This year, the administration again decided it could not certify Egyptian progress on rights and it chose to issue the national security waiver but it is still going to withhold the $195 million. That money will now go into an account where it will be held pending Egyptian improvement on human rights and democracy. This means that Egypt could eventually get the money if its record on democracy and civil liberties improved.  Strengthened security cooperation with Egypt is important to U.S. national security,  said one source, adding that U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson felt  it was in the interests of the U.S. to exercise the waiver.   We remain concerned about Egypt s lack of progress in key areas, including human rights and the new NGO law,  the source said.  Egyptian rights activists have said they face the worst crackdown in their history under Sisi, accusing him of erasing freedoms won in the 2011 Arab Spring uprising that ended Hosni Mubarak s 30-year rule. Egyptian lawmakers have said the NGO law was needed to protect national security. The Egyptian government has long accused human rights groups of taking foreign funds to sow chaos, and several are facing investigation over their funding. ",1
21405,"Trump talks tough on Pakistan's 'terrorist' havens, but options scarce","ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Outlining a new strategy for the war in Afghanistan, U.S. President Donald Trump chastised Pakistan over its alleged support for Afghan militants - an approach analysts say will probably not change Pakistan s strategic calculations and might push it in directions Washington does not want it to go. Trump s call for India to play a greater role in Afghanistan, in particular, will ring alarm bells for Pakistan s generals, analysts said.  Trump s policy of engaging India and threatening action may actually constrain Pakistan and lead to the opposite of what he wants,  said Zahid Hussain, a Pakistani security analyst. Trump criticised Pakistan for providing  safe havens to terrorist organisations  and warned Islamabad it had much to lose by supporting insurgents battling the U.S.-backed Kabul government.  It is kind of putting Pakistan on notice,  said Rustam Shah Mohman, Pakistan s former ambassador to Kabul, predicting a bumpy road ahead for relations. Trump did resist some advisers  calls to threaten to declare Pakistan a state sponsor of terrorism unless Islamabad pursued senior leaders of the Afghan Taliban and the allied Haqqani network.  Pakistan should not be reassured by this speech, but it could have gone a lot worse for them,  said Joshua White, a National Security Council director under former President Barack Obama.   There were voices within the administration who wanted to move more quickly and aggressively to declare Pakistan not just a problem, but effectively an enemy.  In Washington, a senior administration official said on Tuesday that significant measures were under consideration, including possibly sanctioning Pakistani officials with ties to extremist organizations. The official spoke on condition of anonymity. Pakistan s powerful military has not commented on Trump s speech, but the day before it denied any militants had havens in the country.     The Pakistani government said Foreign Minister Khawaja Asif met with the U.S. ambassador on Tuesday and would speak in coming days with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson  on the state of play in the bilateral relationship as well as the new U.S. policy on South Asia .  Successive U.S. administrations have struggled with how to deal with nuclear-armed Pakistan. Washington fumes about inaction against the Taliban, but Pakistan has been helpful on other counterterrorism efforts, including against al Qaeda and Islamic State militants. The United States also has no choice but to use Pakistani roads to resupply its troops in landlocked Afghanistan. U.S. officials worry that if Pakistan becomes an active foe, it could further destabilise Afghanistan and endanger U.S. soldiers. Daniel Feldman, a special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan under Obama, said the Obama administration found it more effective to pressure Islamabad over safe havens  in private than in public, and to keep the long-standing Indo-Pak rivalry from playing out in Afghanistan . Hussain, the security analyst, said Trump on Monday  crossed a red line  as far as Pakistan was concerned when he implored India to deepen its involvement in Afghanistan. Relations between Pakistan and the United States have endured strain during the 16-year war in Afghanistan, especially after al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden was killed by U.S. special forces inside Pakistan in 2011.   The Obama administration had already begun trimming military aid to Pakistan. Last year, the Pentagon decided not to pay $300 million in pledged military funding, and Congress effectively blocked a subsidised sale of F-16 jets to Pakistan. Analysts say Trump is likely to further curtail military aid  to pressure Pakistan. But any effort to isolate Pakistan would face problems from China, which has deepened political and military ties to Islamabad as it invested nearly $60 billion in infrastructure in Pakistan. China on Tuesday defended Pakistan after Trump s remarks, saying its neighbour was on the front line in the struggle against terrorism and had made  great sacrifices  and  important contributions  in the fight. Mohman, the former ambassador, said if the United States kept putting pressure on Pakistan, then Islamabad would drift farther from the American sphere of influence.  We have options,  he said.  We can go to China and Russia, and I think the U.S. can t afford that.   ",1
21406,"U.S., North Korea clash at U.N. forum over nuclear weapons","GENEVA (Reuters) - North Korea and the United States clashed at a U.N. forum on Tuesday over their military intentions towards one another, with Pyongyang s envoy declaring it would  never  put its nuclear deterrent on the negotiating table. Japan, well within reach of North Korea s missiles, said the world must maintain pressure on the reclusive country to rein in its nuclear and missile programs and now was not the time for a resumption of multi-party talks. North Korea has pursued its weapons programs in defiance of U.N. Security Council sanctions and ignored all calls, including from major ally China, to stop, prompting a bellicose exchange of rhetoric between the North and the United States. North Korea justifies its weapons programs, including its recent threat to fire missiles towards the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam, by pointing to perceived U.S. hostility, such as military exercises with South Korea this week. U.S. disarmament ambassador Robert Wood told a U.N.-sponsored Conference on Disarmament in Geneva U.S. President Donald Trump s top priority was to protect the United States and its allies against the  growing threat  from North Korea and America was ready to use  the full range of capabilities  at its disposal. The  path to dialogue still remained an option  for Pyongyang and it had the choice between poverty and belligerence on the one hand and prosperity and acceptance. North Korea s envoy told the same forum the North s nuclear deterrent would never be up for negotiation, echoing Pyongyang s regular denunciation of U.S.  aggression .  The measures taken by the DPRK to strengthen its nuclear deterrence and develop inter-continental rockets is justifiable and a legitimate option for self-defense in the face of such apparent and real threats,  diplomat Ju Yong Chol told the forum, referring to  constant nuclear threats  by the United States. DPRK stands for the North s official name, the Democratic People s Republic of Korea. Regarding joint U.S.-South Korean military exercises that began on Monday, he warned:  The ongoing military adventure would certainly add gasoline to the fire, driving the current tense situation to further deterioration.  Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono said pressure must be maintained until the North demonstrated it would give up its nuclear program.  It s not the time to discuss (the resumption of) six-party talks,  Kono said, referring to stalled negotiations involving both Koreas, the United States, Russia, China and Japan.  It s time to exert pressure,  he told reporters. The head of the U.S. military s Pacific Command said diplomacy was key. Admiral Harry Harris was in South Korea to observe annual joint military drills with the South Korean military, which the North called a step towards nuclear conflict masterminded by  war maniacs .  So we hope and we work for diplomatic solutions to the challenge presented by Kim Jong Un,  Harris told reporters at a U.S. air base in Osan, about an hour from Seoul, referring to the North Korean leader. He said diplomacy was  the most important starting point  in response to the North s threat, when asked what actions by North Korea might trigger a preemptive U.S. strike against it.  As far as a timeline, it would be crazy for me to share with you those tripwires in advance. If we did that, it would hardly be a military strategy,  he said. The United States and South Korea began the long-planned exercises on Monday, called the Ulchi Freedom Guardian, which the allies have said are purely defensive. The drills involve tens of thousands of troops as well as computer simulations designed to prepare for war with a nuclear-capable North Korea. The United States and South Korea are technically still at war with the North because their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty.  Delegations from about 20 countries spoke at the four-hour U.N. session, including Britain, France, Australia and South Korea, all of which criticized North Korea.  I would like to repeat the appeal to the DPRK to listen to the fact that there is no alternative to stopping the different provocations and to return to dialogue,  South Korean ambassador Kim Inchul said.  We have never threatened the DPRK with any attacks and we have never promoted the use of force.  ",1
21407,"Mata Pires, owner of embattled Brazil builder OAS, dies","SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Cesar Mata Pires, the owner and co-founder of Brazilian engineering conglomerate OAS SA, one of the largest companies involved in Brazil s corruption scandal, died on Tuesday. He was 68. Mata Pires died of a heart attack while taking a morning walk in an upscale district of S o Paulo, where OAS is based, a person with direct knowledge of the matter said. Efforts to contact his family were unsuccessful. OAS declined to comment. The son of a wealthy cattle rancher in the northeastern state of Bahia, Mata Pires  links to politicians were central to the expansion of OAS, which became Brazil s No. 4 builder earlier this decade, people familiar with his career told Reuters last year. His big break came when he befriended Antonio Carlos Magalh es, a popular politician who was Bahia governor several times, and eventually married his daughter Tereza. Brazilians joked that OAS stood for  Obras Arranjadas pelo Sogro  - or  Work Arranged by the Father-In-Law.   After years of steady growth triggered by a flurry of massive government contracts, OAS was ensnared in Operation Car Wash which unearthed an illegal contracting ring between state firms and builders. The ensuing scandal helped topple former Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff last year. Trained as an engineer, Mata Pires founded OAS with two colleagues in 1976 to do sub-contracting work for larger rival Odebrecht SA - the biggest of the builders involved in the probe.  Before the scandal, Forbes magazine estimated Mata Pires  fortune at $1.6 billion. He dropped off the magazine s billionaire list in 2015, months after OAS sought bankruptcy protection after the Car Wash scandal. While Mata Pires was never accused of wrongdoing in the investigations, creditors demanded he and his family stay away from the builder s day-to-day operations, people directly involved in the negotiations told Reuters at the time. He is survived by his wife and his two sons.         ",1
21408,"U.S., North Korea clash at U.N. forum over nuclear weapons","GENEVA (Reuters) - North Korea and the United States clashed at a U.N. forum on Tuesday over their military intentions towards one another, with Pyongyang s envoy declaring it would  never  put its nuclear deterrent on the negotiating table. Japan, well within reach of North Korea s missiles, said the world must maintain pressure on the reclusive country to rein in its nuclear and missile programs and now was not the time for a resumption of multi-party talks. North Korea has pursued its weapons programs in defiance of U.N. Security Council sanctions and ignored all calls, including from major ally China, to stop, prompting a bellicose exchange of rhetoric between the North and the United States. North Korea justifies its weapons programs, including its recent threat to fire missiles towards the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam, by pointing to perceived U.S. hostility, such as military exercises with South Korea this week. U.S. disarmament ambassador Robert Wood told a U.N.-sponsored Conference on Disarmament in Geneva U.S. President Donald Trump s top priority was to protect the United States and its allies against the  growing threat  from North Korea and America was ready to use  the full range of capabilities  at its disposal. The  path to dialogue still remained an option  for Pyongyang and it had the choice between poverty and belligerence on the one hand and prosperity and acceptance. North Korea s envoy told the same forum the North s nuclear deterrent would never be up for negotiation, echoing Pyongyang s regular denunciation of U.S.  aggression .  The measures taken by the DPRK to strengthen its nuclear deterrence and develop inter-continental rockets is justifiable and a legitimate option for self-defense in the face of such apparent and real threats,  diplomat Ju Yong Chol told the forum, referring to  constant nuclear threats  by the United States. DPRK stands for the North s official name, the Democratic People s Republic of Korea. Regarding joint U.S.-South Korean military exercises that began on Monday, he warned:  The ongoing military adventure would certainly add gasoline to the fire, driving the current tense situation to further deterioration.  Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono said pressure must be maintained until the North demonstrated it would give up its nuclear program.  It s not the time to discuss (the resumption of) six-party talks,  Kono said, referring to stalled negotiations involving both Koreas, the United States, Russia, China and Japan.  It s time to exert pressure,  he told reporters. The head of the U.S. military s Pacific Command said diplomacy was key. Admiral Harry Harris was in South Korea to observe annual joint military drills with the South Korean military, which the North called a step towards nuclear conflict masterminded by  war maniacs .  So we hope and we work for diplomatic solutions to the challenge presented by Kim Jong Un,  Harris told reporters at a U.S. air base in Osan, about an hour from Seoul, referring to the North Korean leader. He said diplomacy was  the most important starting point  in response to the North s threat, when asked what actions by North Korea might trigger a preemptive U.S. strike against it.  As far as a timeline, it would be crazy for me to share with you those tripwires in advance. If we did that, it would hardly be a military strategy,  he said. The United States and South Korea began the long-planned exercises on Monday, called the Ulchi Freedom Guardian, which the allies have said are purely defensive. The drills involve tens of thousands of troops as well as computer simulations designed to prepare for war with a nuclear-capable North Korea. The United States and South Korea are technically still at war with the North because their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty.  Delegations from about 20 countries spoke at the four-hour U.N. session, including Britain, France, Australia and South Korea, all of which criticized North Korea.  I would like to repeat the appeal to the DPRK to listen to the fact that there is no alternative to stopping the different provocations and to return to dialogue,  South Korean ambassador Kim Inchul said.  We have never threatened the DPRK with any attacks and we have never promoted the use of force.  ",1
21409,"U.S., North Korea clash at U.N. arms forum on nuclear threat","GENEVA (Reuters) - North Korea and the United States accused each other on Tuesday of posing a nuclear threat, with Pyongyang s envoy declaring it would never put its atomic arsenal up for negotiation. The debate at the United Nations began when the U.S. envoy said President Donald Trump s top priority was to protect the United States and its allies against the  growing threat  from North Korea. To do so, he said, the country was ready to use  the full range of capabilities at our disposal . U.S. Ambassador Robert Wood told the Conference on Disarmament that the  path to dialogue still remains an option  for Pyongyang, but that Washington was  undeterred in defending against the threat North Korea poses . Fears have grown over North Korea s development of missiles and nuclear weapons since Pyongyang test-launched intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) in July. Those fears worsened after Trump warned that North Korea would face  fire and fury  if it threatened the United States. His remarks led North Korea to say it was considering plans to fire missiles towards the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam. Trump responded by tweeting that the U.S. military was  locked and loaded, should North Korea act unwisely . A few days later, North Korean media reported the country s leader, Kim Jong Un, had delayed any decision on whether to fire missiles towards Guam while he waited to see what the United States would do. Experts warned Pyongyang could still go ahead with the missile launches.      North Korea s ballistic missile and nuclear weapons programs pose grave threats to the entire world,  Wood told the Geneva forum.  Its recent ICBM tests are another example of the dangerous reckless behavior of the North that is destabilizing the region and beyond.  North Korea had openly stated that its missiles are intended to strike cities in the United States and its allies South Korea and Japan, he said.  My president s top priority remains protecting the homeland, U.S. territories and our allies against North Korean aggression. We remain prepared to use the full range of capabilities at our disposal against the growing threat from North Korea.  North Korea diplomat Ju Yong Chol said that measures taken by his country to strengthen its nuclear deterrent and develop inter-continental rockets were  justifiable and a legitimate option .  As long as the U.S. hostile policy and nuclear threat remains unchallenged, the DPRK will never place its self-defensive nuclear deterrence on the negotiating table or step back an inch from the path it took to bolster the national nuclear force,  Ju said. In a subsequent speech, Ju said:  The United States should clearly understand that military threats and pressure are only serving as a momentum that pushes the DPRK further into developing fully strengthened nuclear deterrence.  Regarding joint U.S.-South Korean military exercises that began on Monday, he said:  The ongoing military adventure would certainly add gasoline to the fire, driving the current tense situation to further deterioration.  China s disarmament ambassador, Fu Cong, called for support for its proposal to defuse the crisis affecting its Pyongyang ally.  China has called for  dual suspension , that is of North Korea s nuclear activities and joint military exercises between the Republic of Korea and United States. This seeks to denuclearize the peninsula and promote a security mechanism.  Wood rejected Beijing s  freeze for freeze  plan.  This proposal unfortunately creates a false equivalency between states that are engaging in legitimate exercises of self-defense who have done so for many years with a regime that has basically violated countless Security Council resolutions with regard to its proscribed nuclear and ballistic missile programs,  he told the gathering.  That is a false equivalency that we cannot accept and will not accept,  he said. Fu retorted:  I just want to say that we re not creating equivalency between anything. We are just actually making the proposal to facilitate a dialogue and to reduce the tension. We need a starting point to really launch the dialogue.  ",1
21410,Headless torso could belong to submarine journalist: Danish police,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Danish police said on Tuesday the size of a headless female torso found on the sea s edge in Copenhagen suggested it could be that of a Swedish journalist who died after taking a submarine ride with the vessel s Danish inventor. Police said divers were still searching the area and they were investigating reports of other body parts that may have been spotted in Copenhagen harbor. Danish inventor Peter Madsen has been charged with killing Kim Wall, a Swedish journalist, in his home-made submarine.   We re dealing with a torso where arms, legs and head were cut off deliberately. The length of the torso doesn t speak against it being Kim Wall, but we still don t know,  Copenhagen police spokesman Jens Moller said in a video statement. Madsen told a court she had died in an accident on board the submarine and that he had buried her at sea, changing his earlier statement that he dropped her off alive in Copenhagen. Police are conducting DNA tests to identify the torso - found on Monday by a passing cyclist - and the results are due Wednesday morning, Moller said. The bizarre case has dominated Danish and Swedish media, and drawn interest from around the world. Madsen has been charged with the manslaughter of Wall, who has been missing since he took her out to sea in his 17-metre (56 feet) submarine on Aug. 10. He denies the charge. He was rescued a day later after his UC3 Nautilus sank in the narrow strait between Denmark and Sweden. Police found nobody else in the wreck. Madsen, an entrepreneur, artist, submarine builder and aerospace engineer, went before a judge on Saturday for preliminary questioning. The case is closed to the public in order to protect further investigations, police said. ",1
21411,North Korea shipments to Syria chemical arms agency intercepted: U.N. report,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency responsible for the country s chemical weapons program were intercepted in the past six months, according to a confidential United Nations report on North Korea sanctions violations. The report by a panel of independent U.N. experts, which was submitted to the U.N. Security Council earlier this month and seen by Reuters on Monday, gave no details on when or where the interdictions occurred or what the shipments contained.   The panel is investigating reported prohibited chemical, ballistic missile and conventional arms cooperation between Syria and the DPRK (North Korea),  the experts wrote in the 37-page report.   Two member states interdicted shipments destined for Syria. Another Member state informed the panel that it had reasons to believe that the goods were part of a KOMID contract with Syria,  according to the report. KOMID is the Korea Mining Development Trading Corporation. It was blacklisted by the Security Council in 2009 and described as Pyongyang s key arms dealer and exporter of equipment related to ballistic missiles and conventional weapons. In March 2016 the council also blacklisted two KOMID representatives in Syria.   The consignees were Syrian entities designated by the European Union and the United States as front companies for Syria s Scientific Studies and Research Centre (SSRC), a Syrian entity identified by the Panel as cooperating with KOMID in previous prohibited item transfers,  the U.N. experts wrote.  SSRC has overseen the country s chemical weapons program since the 1970s. The U.N. experts said activities between Syria and North Korea they were investigating included cooperation on Syrian Scud missile programs and maintenance and repair of Syrian surface-to-air missiles air defense systems. The North Korean and Syrian missions to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  The experts said they were also investigating the use of the VX nerve agent in Malaysia to kill the estranged half-brother of North Korea s leader Kim Jong Un in February.  North Korea has been under U.N. sanctions since 2006 over its ballistic missile and nuclear programs and the Security Council has ratcheted up the measures in response to five nuclear weapons tests and four long-range missile launches. Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons in 2013 under a deal brokered by Russia and the United States. However, diplomats and weapons inspectors suspect Syria may have secretly maintained or developed a new chemical weapons capability. During the country s more than six-year long civil war the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons has said the banned nerve agent sarin has been used at least twice, while the use of chlorine as a weapon has been widespread. The Syrian government has repeatedly denied using chemical weapons. ",1
21412,'Fully committed' NATO backs new U.S. approach on Afghanistan,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO allies on Tuesday welcomed President Donald Trump s decision to commit more forces to Afghanistan, as part of a new U.S. strategy he said would require more troops and funding from America s partners. Having run for the White House last year on a pledge to withdraw swiftly from Afghanistan, Trump reversed course on Monday and promised a stepped-up military campaign against  Taliban insurgents, saying:  Our troops will fight to win .  U.S. officials said he had signed off on plans to send about 4,000 more U.S. troops to add to the roughly 8,400 now deployed in Afghanistan. But his speech did not define benchmarks for successfully ending the war that began with the U.S.-led invasion of Afghanistan in 2001, and which he acknowledged had required an   extraordinary sacrifice of blood and treasure .  We will ask our NATO allies and global partners to support our new strategy, with additional troops and funding increases in line with our own. We are confident they will,  Trump said. That comment signaled he would further increase pressure on U.S. partners who have already been jolted by his repeated demands to step up their contributions to NATO and his description of the alliance as  obsolete  - even though, since taking office, he has said this is no longer the case. NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said in a statement:  NATO remains fully committed to Afghanistan and I am looking forward to discussing the way ahead with (Defense) Secretary (James) Mattis and our Allies and international partners.  NATO has 12,000 troops in Afghanistan, and 15 countries have pledged more, Stoltenberg said. Britain, a leading NATO member, called the U.S. commitment  very welcome .  In my call with Secretary Mattis yesterday we agreed that despite the challenges, we have to stay the course in Afghanistan to help build up its fragile democracy and reduce the terrorist threat to the West,  Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said. Germany, which has borne the brunt of Trump s criticism over  the scale of its defense spending, also welcomed the new U.S. plan.  Our continued commitment is necessary on the path to stabilizing the country,  a government spokeswoman said. In June, European allies had already pledged more troops but had not given details on numbers, waiting for the Trump administration to outline its strategy for the region.Nearly 16 years after the U.S.-led invasion - a response to the Sept. 11 attacks which were planned by al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden from Afghanistan - the country is still struggling with weak central government and a Taliban insurgency. Trump said he shared the frustration of the American people who were  weary of war without victory , but a hasty withdrawal would create a vacuum for groups like Islamic State and al Qaeda to fill. ",1
21413,LexisNexis withdrew two products from Chinese market,"LONDON (Reuters) - LexisNexis, a provider of legal, regulatory and business information, said on Tuesday it had withdrawn two products from the Chinese market in March this year after it was asked to remove some content.  The issue of academic freedom in China hit the headlines this week after the leading British academic publisher,  Cambridge University Press, said it had complied with a request to block online access to some scholarly articles in China.  It later reversed its position.   Earlier this year LexisNexis Business Insight Solutions in China was asked to remove some content from its database,  LexisNexis said in a statement.  In March 2017, the company withdrew two products (Nexis and LexisNexis Academic) from the Chinese market.  LexisNexis is owned by information group Relx. ",1
21414,Minsk cultural hub becomes haven from authorities,"MINSK (Reuters) - In the shadow of disused Soviet-era factories in Minsk, a street lined with eclectic bars, art galleries and yoga studios has become a haven from the vigilant eyes of the Belarussian authorities.  This place is like an island,  said Yegor, 21, who works at  popular bar Hooligan.  It s the street of freedom.  The government of President Alexander Lukashenko, who has ruled Belarus for the past 23 years and has boasted that he is  the last and only dictator in Europe  ,has little tolerance for any opposition. A powerful police force and feared state security  keep citizens in check. But police patrols are rare in Oktyabrskaya, partly due to its location on an out-of-the-way peninsula in a bend of the river Svislach. When the first restaurant opened there in 2012, few visitors came but now it ranks among the most fashionable quarters of Minsk.  Such is the growing popularity of that Oktyabrskaya that investors such as Belgazprombank, a subsidiary of state-owned Russian lender Gazprombank, have big plans for the district. Earlier this year the bank purchased part of a factory there and intends to turn it into a gallery, restaurant and theater complex. The manufacturing sector has not entirely abandoned Oktyabrskaya - one  machine-making factory named after the 1917 October Revolution (MZOR) still operates there. Financial difficulties prompted state-owned MZOR to lease or sell some of its facilities to Oktyabrskaya s developers, but the firm still maintains some production with a reduced workforce. Mikhail, who has worked at the factory for 42 years, said he approves of the influx of new  hipster  businesses.  The street has come back to life,  he said. Oktyabrskaya s long-term future ultimately depends on the authorities good favor, cultural analyst Maksim Zhbankov said.  For now they tolerate it. But I can t say that someone won t turn up tomorrow and say they ve decided to tear it all down,  he said. ",1
21415,Vatican upbeat on possibility of Pope Francis visiting Russia,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Vatican Secretary of State Cardinal Pietro Parolin said on Tuesday that there was  positive momentum  behind the idea of Pope Francis visiting Russia, but suggested there was more work to be done if it were to happen.  Parolin, speaking at a joint news conference in Moscow alongside Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, did not give any date for such a possible visit. The Eastern and Western branches of Christianity split apart in 1054. The pope, leader of the world s 1.2 billion Catholics, is seeking to improve ties, and last year in Cuba held what was the first ever meeting between a Roman Catholic pope and a Russian Orthodox patriarch.  Parolin said he had also used his talks in the Russian capital to also raise certain difficulties faced by the Catholic Church in Russia. He said that Moscow and the Vatican disagreed about the plight of Christians in certain parts of the world. He did not elaborate. Parolin, who is due later on Tuesday to meet Patriarch Kirill, the head of the Russian Orthodox Church, said he also believed Russia could play an important role when it came to helping solve a crisis in Venezuela because of its close relations with Caracas.    ",1
21416,Indonesia to buy $1.14 billion worth of Russian jets,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia will buy 11 Sukhoi fighter jets worth $1.14 billion from Russia in exchange for cash and Indonesian commodities, two cabinet ministers said on Tuesday. The Southeast Asian country has pledged to ship up to $570 million worth of commodities in addition to cash to pay for the Suhkoi SU-35 fighter jets, which are expected to be delivered in stages starting in two years. Indonesian Trade Minister Enggartiasto Lukita said in a joint statement with Defence Minister Ryamizard Ryacudu that details of the type and volume of commodities were  still being negotiated . Previously he had said the exports could include palm oil, tea, and coffee. The deal is expected to be finalised soon between Indonesian state trading company PT Perusahaan Perdangangan Indonesia and Russian state conglomerate Rostec. Russia is currently facing a new round of U.S.-imposed trade sanctions. Meanwhile, Southeast Asia s largest economy is trying to promote its palm oil products amid threats of a cut in consumption by European Union countries. Indonesia is also trying to modernize its ageing air force after a string of military aviation accidents. Indonesia, which had a $411 million trade surplus with Russia in 2016, wants to expand bilateral cooperation in tourism, education, energy, technology and aviation among others. ",1
3608,Kerry to go to Paris in gesture of sympathy,"U.S. Secretary of State John F. Kerry said Monday that he will stop in Paris later this week, amid criticism that no top American officials attended Sundays unity march against terrorism.

Kerry said he expects to arrive in Paris Thursday evening, as he heads home after a week abroad. He said he will fly to France at the conclusion of a series of meetings scheduled for Thursday in Sofia, Bulgaria. He plans to meet the next day with Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius and President Francois Hollande, then return to Washington.

The visit by Kerry, who has family and childhood ties to the country and speaks fluent French, could address some of the criticism that the United States snubbed France in its darkest hour in many years.

The French press on Monday was filled with questions about why neither President Obama nor Kerry attended Sundays march, as about 40 leaders of other nations did. Obama was said to have stayed away because his own security needs can be taxing on a country, and Kerry had prior commitments.

Among roughly 40 leaders who did attend was Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, no stranger to intense security, who marched beside Hollande through the city streets. The highest ranking U.S. officials attending the march were Jane Hartley, the ambassador to France, and Victoria Nuland, the assistant secretary of state for European affairs. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. was in Paris for meetings with law enforcement officials but did not participate in the march.

Kerry spent Sunday at a business summit hosted by Indias prime minister, Narendra Modi. The United States is eager for India to relax stringent laws that function as barriers to foreign investment and hopes Modis government will act to open the huge Indian market for more American businesses.

In a news conference, Kerry brushed aside criticism that the United States had not sent a more senior official to Paris as quibbling a little bit. He noted that many staffers of the American Embassy in Paris attended the march, including the ambassador. He said he had wanted to be present at the march himself but could not because of his prior commitments in India.

But that is why I am going there on the way home, to make it crystal clear how passionately we feel about the events that have taken place there, he said.

And I dont think the people of France have any doubts about Americas understanding of what happened, of our personal sense of loss and our deep commitment to the people of France in this moment of trauma.",1
875,The Battle of New York: Why This Primary Matters,"It's primary day in New York and front-runners Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are leading in the polls.

Trump is now vowing to win enough delegates to clinch the Republican nomination and prevent a contested convention. But Sens.Ted Cruz, R-Texas, Bernie Sanders, D-Vt., and Ohio Gov. John Kasich and aren't giving up just yet.

A big win in New York could tip the scales for both the Republican and Democratic front-runners in this year's race for the White House. Clinton and Trump have each suffered losses in recent contests, shifting the momentum to their rivals.

""We have won eight out of the last nine caucuses and primaries! Cheer!"" Sanders recently told supporters.

While wins in New York for Trump and Clinton are expected, the margins of those victories are also important.

Trump needs to capture more than 50 percent of the vote statewide if he wants to be positioned to win all of the state's 95 GOP delegates. That would put him one step closer to avoiding a contested convention.

""We've got to vote and you know Cruz is way, way down in the polls,"" Trump urged supporters.

Meanwhile, Sanders is hoping for a close race in the Empire State. A loss by 10 points means he'll need to win 80 percent of the remaining delegates to clinch the nomination.

Despite a predicted loss in New York, Cruz hasn't lost momentum. He's hoping to sweep up more delegates this weekend while he's talking about how he can win in November.

""Because if I'm the nominee, we win the General Election,"" Cruz promised his supporters. ""We're beating Hillary in the key swing states, we're beating Hillary with Independents, we're beating Hillary with young people.""

For now, Cruz, Kasich, and Sanders have all moved on from New York to other states. Trump and Clinton are the only two staying in their home state to watch the results come in.",1
95,Britains Schindler Dies at 106,"A Czech stockbroker who saved more than 650 Jewish children from Nazi Germany has died at the age of 106. Dubbed Britains Schindler, Nicholas Winton arranged to transport Jewish youngsters from Prague after Germany annexed Czechoslovakia in March 1939. Though the children were originally set to arrive in Britain by plane, the German invasion forced Winton to transport them by train through Germany before they eventually reached England by boat. Winton arranged eight trains, known as the Kindertransports (childrens transports), to evacuate the children, and died on the anniversary of the 1939 departure of the one carrying the largest number of children: 241. Winton was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in 2003 for his efforts, despite keeping it secret for nearly 50 years.",1
4869,Fact check: Trump and Clinton at the 'commander-in-chief' forum,"Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump made some inaccurate claims during an NBC commander-in-chief forum on military and veterans issues:

 Clinton wrongly claimed Trump supported the war in Iraq after it started, while Trump was wrong, once again, in saying he was against the war before it started.

Trump said that President Obama set a certain date for withdrawing troops from Iraq, when that date was set before Obama was sworn in.

Trump said that Obamas visits to China, Saudi Arabia and Cuba were the first time in the history, the storied history of Air Force One when high officials of a host country did not appear to greet the president. Not true.

Clinton said that Trump supports privatizing the Veterans Health Administration. Thats false. Trump said he supports allowing veterans to seek care at either public or private hospitals.

Trump said Clinton made a terrible mistake on Libya when she was secretary of State. But, at the time, Trump also supported U.S. action that led to the removal of Moammar Gadhafi from power.

Trump cherry-picked Clintons words when he claimed Clinton said vets are being treated, essentially, just fine. Clinton had said the problems in the Department of Veterans Affairs were not as widespread as some Republicans claimed, but she went on to acknowledge problems, including the issue of wait times for doctors.

The forum, sponsored by NBC News and the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, was held Sept. 7 at the Intrepid Sea, Air & Space Museum in New York City. Todayshow host Matt Lauer, and members of the military and veterans in the audience, questioned the candidates separately.

Trump said he was totally against the war in Iraq, while Clinton claimed that he supported the Iraq War before and after it started. The facts dont support either candidates strong assertions.

Our review of Trumps statements before and after the Iraq War started found no evidence that Trump opposed the war before it started. In fact, he expressed mild support for invading Iraq when asked about it on the Howard Stern radio show on Sept. 11, 2002  about six months before the war started.

Stern asked Trump if he supported a war with Iraq, and Trump responded, Yeah, I guess so.

In the NBC commander in chief forum, Trump cited an Esquire article that appeared in August 2004 to show his opposition to the war. But that article appeared 17 months after the war started.

As for Clinton, who as a senator voted in October 2002 to authorize the war in Iraq, the Democratic nominee claimed that Trump supported it before it happened, he supported it as it was happening and he is on record as supporting it after it happened.

But just as there is no evidence that Trump opposed the Iraq War before it started, the Clinton campaign offered no evidence that Trump supported the war after it happened.

The Clinton campaign cited Trumps interview on March 21, 2003, with Neil Cavuto of Fox Business just two days after the war started.

Cavuto asked Trump about the impact of the war on the stock market. Trump said the war looks like a tremendous success from a military standpoint, and he predicted the market will go up like a rocket after the war. But Cavuto does not ask Trump whether the U.S. should have gone to war with Iraq or whether he supports the war, and Trump doesnt offer an opinion.

As early as July 2003, Trump expressed concern on Hardball with Chris Matthewsabout money being spent in Iraq rather than in the U.S. Two months later, Trump told MSNBCs Joe Scarborough, I guess maybe if I had to do it, I would have fought terrorism but not necessarily Iraq.

Clinton invited her audience to read Trumps comments on the Iraq War. They can read our timeline, Donald Trump and the Iraq War.

Trump said President Obama set a certain date for withdrawing troops from Iraq, but that date was actually set by President George W. Bush.

NBCs Matt Lauer asked Trump about his tendency to respond, when pushed for details on his military proposals, that hes not going to give details because he wants to be unpredictable. Trump responded, Absolutely, and went on to criticize Obama for revealing the withdrawal date.

As we said then, Republicans and Democrats disagree on whether Obama or Bush is to blame for withdrawing all combat troops from Iraq at the end of 2011. But that date was set when Bush signed the Status of Forces Agreement on Dec. 14, 2008. It said: All the United States Forces shall withdraw from all Iraqi territory no later than December 31, 2011.

In the NBC forum, Trump also called the withdrawal of troops a terrible decision. As weve explained before, Condoleezza Rice, Bushs secretary of State, later wrote that Bush wanted an agreement for a residual force to remain, but Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki objected.

Once Obama took office in January 2009, he had three years to renegotiate the deal, which his administration tried to do, to leave a residual American troop force. But Maliki still didnt agree. Negotiations broke down in October 2011 over the issue of whether U.S. troops would be shielded from criminal prosecution by Iraqi authorities. Whether Obama did enough is a matter of opinion: His then defense secretary, Leon Panetta, later wrote that the president didnt press hard enough for a deal. But some experts say Iraq was more closely aligned at the time with Iran and there wasnt a deal to be made with Maliki.

So, both presidents had a role in the withdrawal of troops. But Trump wrongly said that Obama was the one who set a certain date for withdrawal and let U.S. enemies know about it, when that date was set before Obama was sworn in.

Its worth noting that Trump said in a March 16, 2007, interview on CNN that the troops should be withdrawn quickly from Iraq.

Trump said that Obamas visits to China, Saudi Arabia and Cuba were the first time in the history, the storied history of Air Force One when high officials of a host country did not appear to greet the president.

Thats not true. Other presidents have encountered similar low-key greetings on foreign trips aboard the presidential aircraft.

Trump referred to the fact that Cubas president, Raul Castro, did not greet Obama at the airport on his historic visit to Cuba in March, that Saudi Arabias King Salman did not meet Air Force One at the start of Obamas trip to Riyadh in April, and he referred to Chinas handling of the presidents arrival in Hangzhou last Saturday for a Group of 20 meeting.

Whether or not those arrivals constituted snubs of a U.S. president as Trump claims is a matter of debate. But Trump is wrong on the facts when he claims it has not happened before. It has.

In 1984, for example, Ronald Reagan landed in Beijing and was received by Chinas foreign minister rather than the president, whom he met only later. Similarly, on a 1985 trip to West Germany, Reagan was met by the foreign minister and not Chancellor Helmut Kohl.

These and other examples were dug up by our friend Glenn Kessler, the Washington Posts Fact Checker, who researched a Trump claim in April that Cubas and Saudi Arabias handling of Obamas visits were without precedent. Kessler said of Trump, once again hes wrong, wrong, wrong.

Kessler also noted that during Richard Nixons historic 1972 visit to China he was greeted at the airport by the countrys number two man, Premier Zhou Enlai. His boss, Chairman Mao, didnt even agree to meet with Nixon until after he had arrived at a guest house.

Clinton said that her plan to overhaul the Veterans Health Administration would not include privatization, which she said Trump supports.

But Trump refuted that statement when it was his turn to discuss his plan to help veterans. I would not do that, Trump said, referring to Clintons claim that he supports privatization.

Trumps campaign published The Goals Of Donald J. Trumps Veterans Plan on its website last October. It doesnt call for the VA to be completely privatized.

One of the biggest changes that plan would make to the current VA health care system is allowing veterans to get care at any non-VA medical center that accepts Medicare.

Under a Trump Administration, all veterans eligible for VA health care can bring their veterans ID card to any doctor or care facility that accepts Medicare to get the care they need immediately, the plan states.

The power to choose will stop the wait time backlogs and force the VA to improve and compete if the department wants to keep receiving veterans healthcare dollars, the plan says.

Trumps proposal would seemingly go further than the Non-VA Medical Care Program, which allows eligible veterans to access care outside of the VA under certain circumstances, such as when VA medical centers cannot provide services. The program requires pre-approval for veterans to receive care at a non-VA facility in non-emergency situations.

Trumps proposal would also go further than the bipartisan Veterans Choice Act of 2014 that President Obama signed into law, creating a temporary program, separate from the Non-VA Medical Care Program, that allows eligible veterans to receive health care at a non-VA facility if they would have to wait more than 30 days for an appointment at a VA medical center, or if they live more than 40 miles from the nearest VA hospital.

Trump stuck to the idea of allowing veterans to choose between public and private hospitals when he released his most recent Ten Point Plan To Reform The VA in July.

Point 10 of the plan says: Mr. Trump will ensure every veteran has the choice to seek care at the VA or at a private service provider of their own choice. Under a Trump Administration, no veteran will die waiting for service.

Trump reinforced that part of his plan during the NBC News forum as well.

To be clear, Trump supports giving veterans a choice between VA hospitals and private ones. Thats not the same thing as supporting the complete privatization of the system that provides care to veterans.

Trump criticized Clinton for making a terrible mistake on Libya when she was secretary of State. But, at the time, Trump also supported U.S. action that led to the removal of Moammar Gadhafi from power.

Trump made his claim in response to a question posed by Lauer on whether Trump will be prepared on Day One, if elected president, to tackle complex national security issues.

This isnt the first time Trump has ignored his past support for the U.S. intervention in Libya.

During the 10th GOP debate, Trump said he had never discussed that subject when Sen. Ted Cruz called him out on supporting U.S. action in the country. But, as we wrote, Trump said in 2011 that the U.S. should go into Libya on a humanitarian basis and knock [Gadhafi] out very quickly, very surgically, very effectively and save the lives.

Trump made that comment in a video posted to his YouTube channel in February 2011:

Even though Trump now says Clintons support for intervention in Libya was a terrible mistake, it doesnt change the fact that five years ago he supported Gadhafis removal.

Trump twisted Clintons words when he claimed Clinton said vets are being treated, essentially, just fine. Clinton said the problems in the Department of Veterans Affairs were not as widespread as some Republican supporters of privatization of the VA claim, but she went on to acknowledge problems in the VA system  including the issue of wait times for doctors  and what she would do to address them.

Trump highlighted the issue of wait times to see a doctor as one of the big problems in the VA, and then suggested Clinton doesnt think the VA has problems.

Lauer interrupted, noting that Clinton went on after that and laid out a litany of problems within the VA.

Trump insisted his version was accurate, adding, Im telling you  she said she was satisfied with what was going on in the Veterans Administration.

Thats not accurate. The comments in question from Clinton came during an interview with MSNBCs Rachel Maddow on Oct. 23, 2015. Maddow asked about talk among some Republicans of abolishing the VA and privatizing it. The reason they are able to propose something that radical is because the problems at the VA seem so intractable, Maddow said.

Maddow asked if Clinton had any new ideas for trying to fix the VA. Here was Clintons response, with the part Trump is referring to in bold.

Clinton accused Republicans of underfunding the VA because they want it to fail so they can privatize it.

Clinton added, But we have to be more creative about trying to fix the problems that are the legitimate concern, so that we can try to stymie the Republican assault.

Indeed, the Clinton campaign website states that Clinton wants to fundamentally reform veterans health care to ensure access to timely and high quality care. The campaign says Clinton was outraged by the recent scandals at the VA, and as president, she will demand accountability and performance from VA leadership. The site specifically mentions Clintons dissatisfaction that [m]any veterans have to wait an unacceptably long time to see a doctor or to process disability claims and appeals and promises she will [b]uild a 21st-century Department of Veterans Affairs to deliver world-class care.

Trump cherry-picked the part of Clintons response that said problems in the VA have not been as widespread as it has been made out to be, to make the blanket claim that Clinton is satisfied with what was going on in the Veterans Administration and that vets are being treated, essentially, just fine. But Trump is leaving out the parts of Clintons answer that acknowledged problems in the VA  including the wait time issue Trump highlighted as one of his biggest concerns.",1
2909,Iran reportedly makes new push for uranium concessions in nuclear talks,"Iranian negotiators reportedly have made a last-ditch push for more concessions from the U.S. and five other world powers as talks on the fate of Iran's nuclear program come down to the final days before a crucial deadline.

The New York Times reported late Sunday that Tehran had backed away from a tentative promise to ship a large portion of its uranium stockpile to Russia, where it could not be used as part of any future weapons program. Western officials insisted to the paper that the uranium did not have to be sent overseas, but could be disposed of in other ways.

The new twist in the talks comes just two days before the deadline for both sides to agree on a framework for a permanent deal. The final deadline for a permanent deal would not arrive until the end of June.

However, if Iran insists on keeping its uranium in the country, it would undermine a key argument made in favor of the deal by the Obama administration. The Times reports that if the uranium had gone to Russia, it would have been converted into fuel rods, which are difficult to use in nuclear weapons. It is not clear what would happen to the uranium if it remained in Iran.

The Associated Press reported Sunday that Iran's position had shifted from from demanding that it be allowed to keep nearly 10,000 centrifuges enriching uranium, to agreeing to keep 6,000. Western officials involved in the talks told the Associated Press that Tehran may be ready to accept an even lower number.

The United States and its allies want a deal that extends the time Iran would need to make a nuclear weapon from the present two months to three months to at least a year. However, The Times reported Sunday that a paper published by Olli Heinonen, former head of inspections for the U.N.'s nuclear watchdog, estimated that Iran could still develop a nuclear weapon in seven or eight months with around 6,500 centrifuges.

Tehran says it wants to enrich uranium only for energy, science, industry and medicine. But many countries fear Iran could use the technology to make weapons-grade uranium.

Officials told the Associated Press that another main dispute involved the length of an agreement. Iran, they said, wants a total lifting of all caps on its activities after 10 years, while the U.S. and the five other nations at the talks  Russia, China, Britain, France and Germany  insist on progressive removal after a decade.

A senior U.S. official characterized the issue as lack of agreement on what happens in years 11 to 15. The official spoke on condition of anonymity in line with State Department rules on briefing about the closed-door talks.

Limits on Iran's research and development of centrifuges also were unresolved, the Western officials said.

Tehran has created a prototype centrifuge that it says enriches uranium 16 times faster than its present mainstay model. The U.S. and its partners want to constrain research that would increase greatly the speed of making enough weapons-grade uranium for a bomb, once limits on Iran's programs are lifted.

One official said Russia opposed the U.S. position that any U.N. penalties lifted in the course of a deal should be reimposed quickly if Tehran reneged on any commitments.

Both Western officials said Iran was resisting attempts to make inspections and other ways of verification as intrusive as possible.

There was tentative agreement on turning a nearly-finished reactor into a model that gives off less plutonium waste than originally envisaged. Plutonium, like enriched uranium, is a path to nuclear weapons.

Iran and the U.S. were discussing letting Iran run centrifuges at an underground bunker that has been used to enrich uranium. The machines would produce isotopes for peaceful applications, the officials said.

With the Tuesday deadline approaching and problems remaining, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry canceled plans Sunday to return to the United States for an event honoring the late U.S. Sen. Edward Kennedy. French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius and Frank-Walter Steinmeier, his German counterpart, scratched planned trips to Kazakhstan.

Kerry has been in discussions with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif since Thursday.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click for more from The New York Times.",1
1357,"With all three Clintons in Iowa, a glimpse at the fire that has eluded Hillary Clintons campaign","CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa  I had one of the most wonderful rallies of my entire career right here in 1992, Bill Clinton said by way of opening to the crowd of more than 1,100 on Saturday night.

Two days before the Iowa caucuses, Cedar Rapids tried to deliver that same old feeling to his wife, Hillary Clinton.

In the crowd,one woman held a sign that said 227 years of men. Its HER turn!"" Some carried signs and books. Others had traveled from as far as Missouri. They had waited hours, even after the fire marshal told them there was no more room inside the high school gymnasium.

The restive crowd chanted slogans and buzzed with anticipation until finally Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton all appeared on stage hand-in-hand, an hour behind schedule. As they roared, Hillary Clinton beamed.

It has been a long slog in Iowa for the Clinton campaign, which has struggled mightily to shake the label that its supporters cant muster the enthusiasm of its rivals backers. As the caucuses near, and with the help of a former president, the energy levelat her events are notably dialing up.

""He's a charismatic speaker,"" said Cigi Ross, 31. ""In general, I'd say he's a bigger draw for people.""

Monday night will put the campaign's months of their work to the test. Can the campaigns organization bring out their supporters? Can the candidate energize voters?

Clinton, who seemed to draw on the higher-than-usual energy, stood at the center of it all and delivered a confident closing statement.

What we need is a plan, and a commitment, Clinton said at the top of her voice.

And me, yes, thank you, Clinton finished.

Eight years later, Clinton is in Iowa once again facing what could be a nail-biting conclusion of a hard-fought campaign. Clinton acknowledges that it isnt just her campaign that has changed since her devastating loss here in her last run, she too has changed  and improved, she told CNN on Saturday.

""I think I am a different, and perhaps a better, candidate, so I hope that also shows,"" Clinton said in an interview with the network that morning.

Days ago, Iowa seemed to be slipping from her grasp, but campaign aides are feeling more confident now. A slew of positive news, endorsements, and the latest poll from the Des Moines Register and Bloomberg News indicate the bleeding has at least slowed. That poll -- considered the gold standard in Iowa -- gave Clinton a slim lead over her rival Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders.

If Democrats are wary of political dynasties, they didnt show it. Spotting someone in the audience carrying Chelsea Clinton's book, her father remarked: ""Thank you, young woman, for holding up her book.""

Bill Clinton, who has spent days crisscrossing the state on his wife's behalf, has settled easily into this role as booster-in-chief. He lays off the policy, leaving that to his wife. He focuses instead on what he knows ""about the job.""

There are certain, almost intangible qualities that determine whether a president succeeds or not, Clinton said, his voice raspy, even and low. ""You need a sticker. A sticker: someone who wont quit on you.

""Shes the best at that Ive ever known, he added.",1
988,Donald Trumps Shockingly Weak Delegate Game Somehow Got Even Worse,"Donald Trumps organizational problems have gone from bad to worse to flat-out embarrassing. Heres Politico with the play-by-play from this weekends Colorado GOP convention, the latest scene of Trumps delegate-securing failure:

Unlike in most other states, Republicans in Colorado scrapped plans for a more traditional primary or caucus to award its delegates to this summers national convention in Cleveland. Instead, the state GOP selected three delegates from each of the states seven congressional districts at individual contests in the days leading up to the state convention, and then the remaining 13 delegates at the statewide event this past weekend. It was a rather convoluted process that favored campaigns that understood the rules and that had the ground game necessary to take advantage of themor, put another way, not the Trump campaign.

At the first two district-level contests, the billionaires team showed up without an approved list of delegates to pass out to attendees, leaving supporters unsure of whom to back. And then at last Thursdays contest, two of the three delegates on the Trump campaigns list werent actually on the official ballot since they failed to pay the necessary registration fees.

This past weekends mix-up, though, was an even bigger embarrassment since at least one of the seven misnumbered names on the Trump-sanctioned list lined up with a Cruz-supporting delegate, according to NBC News. (Even without that mix-up, though, Cruz would have likely swept the contest anyway given his well-oiled delegate-selecting machine.) The Trump camp, though, appeared to blame the state GOP for the mistake, pointing to discrepancies between the delegate guides posted on the party's website and the printed materials distributed at the event. We'll do whatever it takes to protect the legitimacy of our support in Colorado, Trump aide Alan Cobb told NBC, suggesting the campaign may challenge the results. Clearly there are some serious issues with the ballot and balloting.

Trump remains the favorite to arrive at the convention with the most delegates to his name, but hes far from assured of the majority of delegates hed need to win the nomination on the first ballot. Given that reality, the GOP front-runner recently retooled his campaign to address his clear weaknesses in the under-the-radar battle to send loyal delegates to the convention. If those efforts don't start paying dividends soon, though, Trump very well may arrive in Cleveland with the most delegatesand leave without the nomination.",1
1571,"Trump takes on Cruz, but lightly","Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
4739,How women lead differently,"As more women move into high offices,they often bring a style and approach that is distinct from men. But do they make better leaders?

Democratic women of the US Senate stand on stage during the final night of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia (top). There are 20 women in the Senate  14 Democrats and six Republicans.

Kelly Ayotte and Joni Ernst take the floor, two dynamic young US senators before a town hall of older military veterans. Between them, they represent a raft of firsts: Senator Ayotte is New Hampshires first female attorney general and first female Republican senator. Senator Ernst is Iowas first woman ever elected to either house of Congress and the first female military veteran to serve in the Senate.

The gender dimension does not go unnoticed. Please welcome our beautiful senators, says the veteran who introduces them. Ayotte mentions Ernsts military service  shes also a war veteran. But in most ways, the woman thing doesnt matter. This is just like any other political town hall in campaign season  one senator trying to help another whos locked in a tight reelection race.

Yet the stakes are high. Republican control of the US Senate could hinge on Ayottes ability to fend off her Democratic challenger, Gov. Maggie Hassan. And across the country, women figure prominently in the Democrats strategy to retake the Senate, nominating women in six of the 11 competitive races.

Then theres Hillary Clinton, the first woman to win a major partys presidential nomination in the United States.

Its enough to call 2016 Year of the Woman 2.0, following the original, 1992, when female representation in the Senate jumped from two to six. Today, female senators number 20 out of 100, with potential to reach 24, depending on how the political winds are blowing by Election Day.

Gender diversity among major world powers is also rising, with the ascension of Theresa May to the British prime ministership. If Mrs. Clinton wins in November, three of the worlds top five economies will be headed by women. (German Chancellor Angela Merkel is the other.)

But the numbers and the firsts invite a deeper question: Do women really lead differently? From the halls of government to corporate boardrooms, its a burning question.

I think were good listeners, and I think that helps, says Ayotte in an interview. I dont want to say my male colleagues arent, because plenty of them are. But I think that we listen, and so were picking up on where we see the common ground with other people.

On that point, there is bipartisan agreement.

There is good research that shows women tend to have different leadership styles, Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, New Hampshires other senator, says in an interview. We tend to be more inclusive, were less autocratic in our decisionmaking. We like consensus, we like to get people around the table, and so I think that has made a difference.

Of course, theres also the example of Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D) of California, the first woman speaker of the House (2007-11). During her tenure, she was known for her ability to wield power  and in a highly partisan way. More than with previous speakers, major legislation came out of her office, not the committees. She was (and is) a master fundraiser for Democrats writ large, a skill she has used to great effect in keeping her members in line.

And as a Roman Catholic woman, Congresswoman Pelosi demonstrated at a crucial moment the power of networking. In 2010, when House passage of the Affordable Care Act appeared in doubt over the abortion issue, she tapped connections her male colleagues had never heard of  two associations of nuns, whose support for the bill proved pivotal.

The research on womens leadership style has been extensive  and mixed. One academic study, released in 2013, found that women are more attracted to cooperation than men. The reason is that men tend to have greater confidence in their abilities, while women tend to be more optimistic about their prospective teammates abilities, according to the study by Peter Kuhn and Marie-Claire Villeval.

New research, released in August, looked specifically at gender differences in the US House of Representatives and found little evidence to suggest women are inherently more cooperative or bipartisan. The only difference came with Republican women, who tend to recruit more cosponsors on legislation, including more from the opposite party. That tendency was most pronounced on so-called womens issues, such as education and social welfare.

We interpret these results as evidence that cooperation is mostly driven by a commonality of interest, rather than gender per se, write the authors, Stefano Gagliarducci and M. Daniele Paserman.

The study examined 20 years of data ending in 2008. Since then, female representation in Congress has ticked up a notch, reaching 20 percent in the Senate and nearly that in the House  the rough threshold for a perceived critical mass of representation in which women can show perceptible influence.

Indeed, since 2013, female legislators point to multiple examples of how the women of the Senate, in particular, have been instrumental in breaking through congressional gridlock. The best-known example is the end of the 2013 government shutdown, when women senators from both parties met privately over dinner and fashioned a compromise that would form the nucleus of the final deal.

More recently, the women of the Senate  all 20 of them, dubbed the sisterhood  backed landmark legislation aimed at combating sex trafficking, which President Obama signed into law in May 2015.

When asked for other examples, Senator Shaheen cites the 2013 reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act. It was considered dead, she says, and because all the women [senators] got on board and pushed it, we were able to get it through.

Shaheen also notes the growing number of women who serve in top spots on committees, such as the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, with Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R) of Alaska as chair and Sen. Maria Cantwell (D) of Washington as the ranking member. It looks like we may get an energy bill done this year, and I think that speaks to their ability to work together, and to be flexible, and move our colleagues in the House, Shaheen says.

Behind all this female power are the women senators regular dinners, a chance to kick back and talk about whatever  their lives, their work, their male colleagues.

We go by Mikulskis rules  that what happens in those dinners stays in those dinners, says Shaheen, referring to Sen. Barbara Mikulski (D) of Maryland, the longest-serving woman in congressional history, who is about to retire. But yeah, theyve proved to be a great opportunity to build relationships.

As it happens, Shaheen had hosted 12 of her female colleagues the night before at her office. On the menu: lobsters and clam chowder. That much she will reveal. Sen. Susan Collins (R) of Maine was there, Shaheen says, and we had a back and forth about whether the lobsters came from Maine or New Hampshire.

In 2013, after the Senates 20 women helped end the government shutdown, Sen. John McCain (R) of Arizona wondered out loud: Imagine what they could do if there were 50 of them.

That may sound logical, but the reality isnt so simple. While women do bring a distinctive perspective to policy, based on their life experiences, that doesnt necessarily make them less partisan, experts say. Some of the most polarizing issues are so-called womens issues, including health care, abortion, and equal pay.

As long as womens issues constitute a prominent division between the parties, there will be little bipartisan collaboration among women on these policies, Michele Swers, a political scientist at Georgetown University, wrote in The Washington Post in 2014.

Ms. Swers also notes that partisan sorting has made the South  a region less hospitable to women candidates  the stronghold of the Republican Party, while the more moderate brand of Republicanism that predominates in parts of the country more willing to elect women has declined.

And because women tend to occupy the leftward wing of their respective parties, Democratic women in particular are less inclined to compromise, the Gagliarducci-Paserman study found.

Still, none of this means women shouldnt be more rigorously recruited for public office, say leaders of both parties.

What you need is more good people, and the process of excluding women has excluded good people from service, says former Gov. John Sununu (R) of New Hampshire. So what you need to do is level the playing field.

In the business world, boosting female representation on corporate boards  now near 20 percent  has been a long-held goal. Advocates cite benefits to the bottom line. In a famous study, Catalyst Inc., a nonprofit that promotes women leaders in the workplace, found that corporate boards with the highest female representation attained significantly higher financial performance than those with the lowest representation.

But whether in the private sector or in government, women as top executives are even rarer than women legislators. Only six of the nations 50 governors are women, three Republicans and three Democrats. Among world leaders, fewer than two dozen are female. Among Fortune 500 companies, only 21 chief executive officers  or 4.2 percent  are women.

While legislating is an inherently collaborative process, and therefore seems to play to womens strength, executive roles hew more toward public expectations of how men should behave, i.e., authoritatively.

I think the more people see women in executive positions, the more they will see that as a normal course of business, and its taken longer for that not just in politics but in the boardroom, says Shaheen.

But that becomes a Catch-22: Women dont step up because they dont see other women in those positions. Some would call it a confidence gap, says Liz Shuler, the No. 2 leader at the AFL-CIO. We need to do more to increase the leadership skills-building opportunities, so that it becomes second nature for women to step up. (See interview with Ms. Shuler here.)

But do women executives really lead differently from men? Clinton echoes other women leaders on this point: I just think women in general are better listeners, are more collegial, more open to new ideas and how to make things work in a way that looks for a win-win outcome, she told Time magazine in January.

Meta-analyses have found that women leaders, on average, are more likely to be democratic, collaborative, and participative than their male counterparts, who are more likely to be autocratic and directive in their approach, writes Alice H. Eagly at TheConversation.com.

Of course, there are exceptions. Margaret Thatcher of Britain and Golda Meir of Israel were both known for being tough and assertive. Today, Apple CEO Tim Cook is known for his team-oriented style. But for women aspiring to leadership posts, the challenge is to overcome societal expectations for how women are supposed to act  i.e., nice and nonconfrontational  while still projecting authority. Clinton has faced this double bind in both of her presidential campaigns.

New Hampshire has a strong record of female leadership. The governor, both US senators, and one of the states two House members are women. The chief justice of the state Supreme Court is a woman. The chair of the state GOP is a woman.

In 2008, Granite Staters made history by electing the nations first majority-female state legislative body, in the state Senate. In 2013, the state made history again by sending an all-female congressional delegation to Washington. That could happen again in January.

What is it about New Hampshire that breeds women leaders? Start with a culture of independent-mindedness, and an enormous citizens legislature  400 in the House, 24 in the Senate  in a state with only 1.3 million people. Members are paid just $100 a year, plus mileage. Sooner or later, the joke goes, everybody ends up serving.

We have so much local self-governance, women have the opportunity to try things out, to see how they like public service, and then they discover that they like it and that theyre good at it, and one thing leads to the next, says Governor Hassan in an interview in the State House.

Hassan got her start advocating for her disabled son, which caught the notice of then-Governor Shaheen, who appointed her to a state educational funding commission. That led to regular interactions with state legislators  and an introduction to her next mentor, state Sen. Sylvia Larsen, who encouraged Hassan to run for state Senate. She spent six years there, eventually rising to majority leader, losing reelection, then staging a comeback by winning the governorship.

The common denominator for most women in politics, it seems, is mentors. Ask Ayotte, New Hampshires junior senator, about Ruth Griffin, and her eyes light up. I love Ruth Griffin. Shes my mentor! Ayotte gushes, referring to the nonagenarian grand dame of the New Hampshire Republican Party. (See interview with Mrs. Griffin here.)

When Griffin served on the state Executive Council  an elected board that serves as a check on the governor  she advocated strongly for Ayotte, insisting the Democratic governor reappoint the Republican Ayotte as attorney general.

Shaheen, now a mentor to others, cites as her inspiration Marilla Ricker, the first woman to run for governor of New Hampshire  before women even had the right to vote. Shaheen also speaks fondly of the late Susan McLane, a Republican state senator who was always very good to me. (Ms. McLanes daughter is Rep. Ann McLane Kuster (D) of New Hampshire.) Shaheen broke two gender barriers in N.H., first with her election as governor (1996), then as a US senator (2008).

Men, too, have championed women politicians here. At a recent Republican womens chili fest in Stratham, N.H., Mr. Sununu recalls fighting to make Vesta Roy the first woman state Senate president, in 1983. Theres that classic picture of me standing at the state Senate door, cracked open, peeking in to make sure the 13 votes I had lined up for her stayed with her, Sununu says.

Whether New Hampshires success at electing women to higher office can be duplicated elsewhere remains an open question. Only two other states have two female US senators, and five others have female governors. New Hampshire is no longer the champ at electing women state legislators; that crown belongs to Colorado, with 42 percent. The top 10 states for female representation in state legislatures are mostly Northern, and the bottom 10 mostly Southern, suggesting cultural factors.

Overall, women hold a higher percentage of state legislative seats (24.6 percent) than seats in Congress (19.4 percent, House and Senate combined). At least the female farm team has more players than the major league, though those numbers still fall far short of matching the overall female population of the country, 50.8 percent.

For many women, reaching parity with men in government  and in business, the judiciary, the labor movement, and other spheres of life  is a deeply held goal. But a quick glance at the graphs charting female representation in state and national legislatures reveals a stark truth: Growth has nearly hit a plateau.

If progress continues at the current rate of change since 1960, women will not achieve equal representation in Congress until 2117, according to the Institute for Womens Policy Research. Womens representation in state legislatures, which more than quintupled between 1971 and 2015, has also essentially plateaued. Whats going on?

Its not that women are running in droves and losing, says Debbie Walsh, director of the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers University in New Brunswick, N.J. We know that when women run, they win at about the same rate as men do.

Women also do just as well in fundraising as men, even if they have to work harder to raise the same amount. Part of the problem, Ms. Walsh says, comes in the recruitment process. Much of the recruiting is done by white men, and they recruit who they know  other white men.

That is particularly so among Republicans: Only 17 percent of Republican state lawmakers are women, a rate that hasnt changed since the early 1990s. In contrast, Democrats doubled their rate of female state representation during the same period from 15 percent to 30 percent.

In Congress (both houses), the disparity is even more stark: Only 9 percent of Republicans are female, versus 33 percent of Democrats. In the Senate alone, only six of the 20 women members are Republican.

Walsh cites several factors behind this gap: Republican women are perceived to be more moderate than their male counterparts, and can have a harder time making it out of the primaries, where turnout is low and skews conservative. The GOP also has no counterpart to Emilys List  a well-funded political action committee that helps pro-abortion-rights Democratic women get elected. And then theres the simple fact that more women identify as Democrats, so their recruitment pool is bigger.

In New Hampshire, where both legislative chambers are controlled by the Republicans, Democratic women legislators still outnumber Republican women legislators, 73 to 49. State GOP chair Jennifer Horn says the party  nationally, not just in New Hampshire  needs a message thats more inclusive.

Im being diplomatic  I think there are times when some of the folks in our party are not as sensitive to the fact that men and women see the world differently, says Ms. Horn. When were talking about jobs and the economy, for example, we need to be cognizant of the fact that women are an economic engine in and of themselves.

And then theres the fact that, in both parties, women are less likely than men to run for office without being recruited.

In the Monitors conversations with Ernst and Ayotte, both mentioned how they were asked several times to run for the Senate before saying yes  and both brought up family issues. Without using the word multitasking, they both show that they have mastered that classic skill of the working mom.

Its about getting the message out about empowering women and saying, you can do this, says Ernst. It is important that you have a supportive family, even more so for women. I have a teenage daughter right now  were looking at colleges  and sometimes its hard for a woman to be away. But there are ways of making it work.

Before running for Senate, Ayotte had been asked a couple of times to run for Congress, but declined  in part, she says, because she was pregnant, but also because she had plans in her work as a prosecutor.

Ayotte then excuses herself. Ive got to pick up my daughter before 5:30 or Im in trouble!",1
3304,What's in that Iran bill that Obama doesn't like?,"Washington (CNN) For months, the White House and Congress have wrangled over a bill that would give lawmakers a greater say in the Iran nuclear deal the administration is hammering out along with other world powers.

And now, less than two weeks after a framework agreement with Tehran was reached, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee is planning to take up the measure.

On Tuesday, the committee will consider amendments to Tennessee Republican Sen. Bob Corker's Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act before deciding whether to have the full Senate vote on it.

For many in Congress, it's a very simple premise: Congress should weigh in on the terms of a final nuclear deal with Iran.

But for the White House, and some Democrats in Congress, that's an explosive idea that could derail the talks  and therefore must be stopped.

So what's in the bill?

Supporters of the legislation have emphasized that it would allow Congress to give a thumbs up or down on the deal President Barack Obama is aiming to finalize with Iran by the negotiations' June 30 deadline. Backers think that's only fair since the United States is contemplating a major nuclear pact with a decadeslong enemy.

The bill would give Congress a chance to hold hearings, host briefings and pave the way to a vote on a joint resolution that could express approval or disapproval of the deal. It also requires the Obama administration to quickly report to Congress on details of the deal and regularly assess whether Iran is keeping its commitments. And it spells out what the President needs to do vis-a-vis Congress if Iran is found violating the terms.

But most important, it would keep Obama from waiving any congressional sanctions on Iran during Congress' 60-day review period. And if Congress passes a joint resolution of disapproval, then sanctions could not be lifted even after that time.

Does this hurt the diplomatic effort to reach a final deal?

Iran's primary reason for agreeing to the deal's limits on its nuclear program is to get sanctions relief.

Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and President Hassan Rouhani have insisted sanctions must be lifted on Day One of the deal. While the Obama administration has said it would wait several months before lifting sanctions -- to verify that Iran has taken major steps to roll back its program  the President is counting on having some latitude to waive sanctions in order to give Iran an incentive to sign the deal and then keep its commitments.

The Corker bill makes it less likely sanctions would be lifted, and lifted in a timely way, which gives less encouragement to Iran.

Without the bill, could Obama lift all sanctions on Iran?

Not all, but most  at least for a limited time.

Without the Corker-Menendez bill (named after Corker and lead Democratic co-sponsor Sen. Bob Menendez), Iran could see nearly all nuclear-related sanctions at least temporarily lifted. Those enacted through the United Nations and by presidential executive order could be fully removed, and most of those passed by Congress could be waived by Obama until he leaves office, when they would go back into effect unless the next president continues to waive them.

If the Corker-Menendez bill becomes law and a deal is finalized, Obama wouldn't be able to lift the congressional sanctions for at least 60 days.

During that 60-day review phase, the bill says Obama can't ""waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions.""

How can Obama waive sanctions passed by Congress anyway?

The biggest sanctions package approved by Congress, widely credited with crippling Iran's economy and bringing the country to the negotiating table, was the 2010 Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act.

It included a provision that gives the President leverage to waive sanctions for a limited time if he determines it's in the U.S. national security interest.

He wouldn't be able to permanently sunset the sanctions, though, unless Iran cuts its ties with and stops funding terror organizations around the world, an aspect not being addressed in the current negotiations with Iran and not predicted to happen any time soon.

The administration says sanctions are where Congress could eventually weigh in on the Iran deal -- by repealing them -- but that would only happen if lawmakers deem the deal a good one.

How would Congress weigh in during the 60-day review period?

Congress could pass a joint resolution approving of the deal or disapproving of the deal and forbidding any sanctions relief. Or it could do nothing, allowing Obama to implement the sanctions, and by implication the deal, after the 60 days are up.

A joint resolution disapproving of the deal would need to muster a two-thirds majority, though, to override the veto Obama has promised -- an unlikely, but not entirely unthinkable, scenario.

Are there other reasons that Obama opposes this bill?

First, he's facing a combative, Republican majority in both houses of Congress. Those Republicans have sought to undermine his negotiations with Iran at every turn. Giving those lawmakers a legislative avenue to slam the terms of an eventual deal would, at best, be a political blow to Obama and his administration's efforts to broker an agreement.

There's also the White House's argument that the executive branch has the power to broker international agreements without Congress meddling, while congressional oversight of the Iran deal would set a dangerous precedent. Most international agreements aren't treaties ratified by Congress, and Obama has argued that U.S. allies need to know they can count on those agreements holding up.

Virtually every Senate Republican supports the bill and nine Democrats have signed on as co-sponsors, including independent Sen. Angus King, who caucuses with Democrats. Several more on the left are leaning toward supporting the bill.

That means backers will likely pass the bill with a filibuster-proof majority. It's unclear, though, if they can muster enough Democrats willing to vote to override Obama's veto.

It's not just the numbers, though. Some powerful Democrats are supporting the legislation. Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York, the No. 3 Senate Democrat, who will become the chamber's Democratic leader when Minority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada retires at the end of his term, is a big proponent of the legislation.

Menendez, of New Jersey, who has been working to rally Democrats around legislation on Iran throughout the negotiations, remains the most vocal Democrat on the issue. He was the top-ranked Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee until stepping aside to face corruption charges handed down earlier in the month.

Also, Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia, one of the earliest Obama backers during the 2008 campaign, has been insistent on the need for Congress to weigh in and has worked behind the scenes to make Corker's bill more palatable to Democrats -- and the White House. But so far that effort hasn't succeeded, as the White House remains opposed.",1
3078,The 1 chart that explains everything you need to know about partisanship in America,"While paging through Pew's best data visualizations of 2014 (it's awesome), I came across what I believe to be one of the best and most revealing charts about the state of American politics. Here it is:

The chart, which comes from Pew's amazing political polarization project, shows how partisans of both parties have grown both increasingly unified amongst themselvesand increasingly far apart from their partisan others over just the last 20 years. As recently as 1994, seven in 10 Democrats were more consistently liberal than the median Republican. As of 2014, it's a whopping 94 percent. Same goes for Republicans; 64 percent of GOPers were more consistently conservative than the median Democrat in 1994 while 92 percent are today. In addition, ""the overall share of Americans who express consistently conservative or consistently liberal opinions has doubled over the past two decades from 10 percent to 21 percent,"" according to Pew.

To me, this chart is so important -- particularly in a week where a new Congress arrives in Washington -- because it reveals that the polarization of our elected officials isn't some sort of ""only in Washington"" thing. The increasing partisanship of Congress is a direct reflection of the increasing partisanship of the country. After all, that's who elects these people to Congress, right?

So, when you hear people decry the partisanship of their elected officials in Washington, don't believe it. We have the Congress we want -- even if we aren't totally honest with ourselves all the time about what that is. And, we get the results -- not many -- from our elected officials that you have to expect when you have a country as polarized as ours.",1
2517,The slippery slope to Trumps proposed ban on Muslims,"With little fanfare this fall, the New York developer who had planned to build an Islamic community center north of the World Trade Center announced that he would instead use the site for a 70-story tower of luxury condos.

Those who had rallied in opposition to the building because of its religious affiliation back in 2010 were exultant. The importance of the defeat of the Ground Zero Mosque cannot be overstated, Pamela Geller, president of the American Freedom Defense Initiative, wrote on the website Breitbart in September. The Ground Zero Mosque became a watershed issue in our effort to raise awareness of and ultimately halt and roll back the advance of Islamic law and Islamic supremacism in America.

Its all well and good that so many Republicans have condemned Donald Trumps reprehensible call for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States. House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (Wis.) was particularly forceful, calling proper attention to the many Muslims serving in our armed forces, dying for this country.

When he was president, George W. Bush honorably put a lid on right-wing Islamophobia. He regularly praised American Muslims and stressed that the United States needed Muslim allies to fight violent extremism. Once Bush was gone, restraint on his side of politics fell away.

Thus, Trumps embrace of a religious test for entry to our country did not come out of nowhere. On the contrary, it simply brought us to the bottom of a slippery slope created by the ongoing exploitation of anti-Muslim feeling for political purposes.

You dont have to reach far back in time to see why Trump figured he had the ideological space for his Muslim ban. Last month, it was Jeb Bush who introduced the idea of linking the rights of Syrian refugees to their religion. He said he was comfortable granting admission to people like orphans and people who are clearly not going to be terrorists. Or Christians. Asked how hed determine who was Christian, he explained that you can prove youre a Christian.

Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.) took a similar view, saying , There is no meaningful risk of Christians committing acts of terror.

Trump took limits on Muslim access to our country to their logical  if un-American and odious  conclusion. Vice President Biden said that Trump was serving up a very, very dangerous brew, but the brew has been steeping for a long time. This is why the Ground Zero Mosque episode is so instructive.

The demagoguery began with the labeling of the controversy itself. As PolitiFact pointed out, the proposed mosque is not at or on Ground Zero. It does not directly abut it or overlook it. It was two long blocks away. And while a mosque was part of the proposed cultural center, the plans also included a swimming pool, gym and basketball court, a 500-seat auditorium, a restaurant and culinary school, a library and art studios.

This didnt stop opponents from going over the top, and Newt Gingrich deserved some kind of award for the most incendiary comment of all. Nazis, he said, dont have the right to put up a sign next to the Holocaust museum in Washington.

When President Obama defended the right of developers to build the project, he was  surprise, surprise  accused of being out of touch, and Republicans were happy to make the Muslim center and Obamas defense of religious rights an issue in the 2010 campaign.

I think it does speak to the lack of connection between the administration and Washington and folks inside the Beltway and mainstream America, said Sen. John Cornyn (Tex.), who was then chairman of the committee in charge of electing Republicans to the Senate. Voters, he said, felt they were being lectured to, not listened to. Sound familiar?

At the time, John Feehery, the veteran Republican strategist, put his finger on why Republicans were so eager to lambaste Obamas response to the Ground Zero issue. This will help drive turnout for the GOP base, he said.

The Republican establishment is now all upset with Trump, but he is simply the revenge of a Republican base that took its leaders pandering  on Islam and a host of other issues  seriously.

You cant be just a little intolerant of Muslims, any more than you can be just a little prejudiced against Catholics or Jews. Once the door to bigotry is opened, it is very hard to shut.

Read more from E.J. Dionnes archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
778,Hillary Clinton Makes A Bipartisan Appeal on Staten Island,"Hillary Clinton told a Staten Island crowd today that she was the candidate who could reach acrossparty lines to get things done as presidentpointing to her experience representing the borough in the Senate and even giving public thanks to Republican President George W. Bush.

Ihave no time for people who are partisan for the sake of being partisan, Ms. Clinton, a Democrat and former secretary of state, told a crowd that welcomed her enthusiastically in a historic building at Snug Harbor Cultural Center.

Ms. Clinton was the second leading presidential candidate to speak on Staten Island today, after Republican Donald Trump delivered a typical stump speech at a Republican brunch. But Ms. Clinton, perhaps sensing or recalling Staten Islands ever-present desire for politicians to pay attention to the forgotten borough, delivered a speech that seemed to be especially tailored for the borough, which is more conservative than the rest of New York City. The majority of its voters are registered Democrats, but the borough routinely swings Republican.

When Iran in 2000, Ididnt carry Staten Island. When Iran in 2006, Idid, Ms. Clinton said today. Ive got no problemwith people having political disagreements. Thats in Americas DNA,isnt it?

Instead, Ms. Clinton decried deliberate efforts to set Americans against each other. She harkened back to representing the borough of cops and firefightersonSeptember 11, 20001,when nearly 300 Staten Islanders were killed in the terror attacks. She noted the citys mayor, the states governor, and the president were all Republicans.

Idid not for one minute stop and say to myself: Well, Idont know, can we work together?' Ms. Clinton said. How absurd is that?

Ms. Clinton said with 3,000 people murdered, people pulled together and politics was totally left behind. She had criticized President Bush for his handling of a strong economy he inherited from her husband, President Bill Clinton, and for other reasons. But she praised him for approving billions of dollars to rebuild lower Manhattan after the terror attacks, even as others in Washington didnt want to spend it.

I publicly say, Thank you President George W.Bush, for making sure that we got the money that we needed to rebuild our city, Ms. Clinton said.

She also touted her record working for the borough after the attacks, including sounding the alarm on air quality and pushing for the passage of the Zadroga Act. Ms. Clinton went on to discuss her foreign policy experience, saying anyone who wants to president has to be able to offer specifics on what they would doan allusion to her Democratic rival Vermont Sen. Bernie Sandersbut also has to be able to keep people safe.

Maybe we take that more seriously herein New York, but we should, she said. And we are going to do everything we can to keep America safe.

Shecited her work building a coalition that brought Iran to the negotiating table, without mentioning how controversial that final Iran deal was for President Barack Obama.

Ms. Clintons rally had little in common with Mr. Trumps Staten Island event, except one thing: the crowd at both seemed to hate Republican Texas Sen. Ted Cruz. Ms. Clinton mentioned his plan to spy onMuslim neighborhoods, which has also been dismissed by Police Commissioner Bill Bratton.

At the mention of Mr. Cruzs name, the crowd offered a chorus of boos.

The crowd had been hypedupfor Ms. Clinton before she even arrived, and gave a nice response to several local pols as they urged peopleto get out the vote on Tuesday.

Hillary is the only one with the experience, said Councilwoman Debi Rose, a Democrat who represents the boroughs North Shore.She knows what its like to be in the White House. She knows the realities. She knows that living and running the White House in this country is not a reality show.

Ms. Clinton, at the end of her speech, offered the kind of promise Staten Island always lovesand the kind it holds politicians to, if the way the Staten Island Advancerepeatedly agitated and inquired about a town hallMayor Bill de Blasio will finally hold here on Wednesday night isany indication.

Iwant you to hold me accountable, Ms. Clinton said. Iwill be coming back to Staten Island when I am your president.",1
3300,New Senate majority leaders main goal for GOP: Dont be scary,"Mitch McConnell has an unusual admonition for the new Republican majority as it takes over the Senate this week: Dont be scary.

The incoming Senate majority leader has set a political goal for the next two years of overseeing a functioning, reasonable majority on Capitol Hill that scores some measured conservative wins, particularly against environmental regulations, but probably not big victories such as a full repeal of the health-care law. McConnells priority is to set the stage for a potential GOP presidential victory in 2016.

I dont want the American people to think that if they add a Republican president to a Republican Congress, thats going to be a scary outcome. I want the American people to be comfortable with the fact that the Republican House and Senate is a responsible, right-of-center, governing majority, the Kentucky Republican said in a broad interview just before Christmas in his Capitol office.

Its a far cry from his defiant declaration in 2010 that his single most important goal was to make President Obama a one-term president, an antagonizing oath that Democrats frequently invoke to embarrass the GOP leader  Obama won reelection comfortably in 2012, and McConnells party lost seats.

Now in charge at both ends of the Capitol, Republicans aim to avoid the worst excesses of the past four years and make sure the public isnt fearful of the GOPs course.

There would be nothing frightening about adding a Republican president to that governing majority, McConnell said, explaining how he wants voters to view the party on the eve of the 2016 election. I think thats the single best thing we can do, is to not mess up the playing field, if you will, for whoever the nominee ultimately is.

But McConnell, who will become majority leader Tuesday, is not planning to avoid conflict altogether. He wants to use the annual spending bills to compel Obama to accept conservative policy riders that will divide Democrats, similar to the December spending bills inclusion of a provision benefiting Wall Street firms involved in risky derivative trades. That rider brought a liberal outcry but did not end up torpedoing the bill, which had Obamas support.

McConnell has been coaching his members to understand that, in the initial rounds, they will have to almost unanimously support the budget outline and the spending bills, because few Democrats will support their policy riders.

With 54 Republicans in his caucus, McConnell knows that hes a long way from getting 67 votes to override an Obama veto and that it wont even be easy getting six Democrats to regularly support legislation so that he can overcome likely filibusters led by the incoming minority leader, Sen. Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.). Still, on some issues, such as energy and taxes on the health industry, McConnell thinks theres enough bipartisan support to get bills onto Obamas desk.

Theyd like to be relevant. Theyd like to be part of the process, he said of discussions with some rank-and-file Democrats. Assuming we will have on most issues a largely unified conference  I dont expect that on everything  it wouldnt take a whole lot of Democrats to actually pass legislation in the Senate.

But McConnell said those who are craving some grand deal as a way to measure the next two years should lower their expectations. Hes very skeptical of such bargains with Democrats on tough issues such as immigration and entitlement reform. Instead, he believes three issues have potential common ground: international trade deals, an overhaul of the tax code and new revenue streams for infrastructure projects.

Could the country use a lot more? You bet. But theres no way you can overcome a reluctant president on something really large, McConnell said. The best he can do on some of those bigger issues is force Obama to break out his veto pen so there is a clear set of Democratic policy stances Republicans can campaign against in 2016.

Democrats are dubious of McConnells pledge to avert edge-of-the-cliff moments. They believe he will run into the same problems that have bedeviled House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) during the past four years  including the inability to corral rabble-rousers such as Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) to support an agenda that conservative critics will probably view as not bold enough in challenging Obama. Appeasing those far-right conservatives will lead to an agenda that Democrats hope to exploit in 2016.

What Senator McConnell wants people to think and what they will think when they see the results for themselves are two very different things, said Reids spokesman, Adam Jentleson. Senator McConnell heads a caucus that is obsessed with rigging the game against working people in favor of wealthy special interests. Thats a scary fact indeed, and he wont be able to hide it.

While McConnells office is adorned with a portrait of Kentuckys only other Senate majority leader  Alben W. Barkley, whose tenure was often marked by clashes with his own partys president, Franklin D. Roosevelt  his model more resembles that of George Mitchell, the Democratic majority leader from 1989 through 1994.

Without ever shutting down the government, Mitchell stared down a president of the opposite party, George H.W. Bush, and won several liberal victories in a 1990 budget showdown. Mitchell also delivered a slew of legislation to Bushs desk that drew a veto, helping frame the debate for the 1992 election on domestic policy.

McConnell has recently studied other two-term presidents on how often they vetoed legislation in their last two years in office. Obama has issued only two minor vetoes over technical matters, largely because the previously Democratic-run Senate prevented anything from reaching his desk that he opposed.

McConnell suggested that a veto strategy would help clarify issues for voters. I think his bureaucracy across the board has done a lot of damage to the country. ... Id at least like for him to have to personally take responsibility for it, even if he in the end decides to veto the bill over some restriction on EPA regulations.

McConnell is keenly aware of the challenges of reining in some of the impulses that his fellow Republican lawmakers have developed over eight straight years in the minority.

The first test will come on an energy debate, which could begin by the end of this week. McConnell is trying to keep his side from offering amendments not related to energy issues. In recent years, when some rank-and-file Republicans wanted to stop the Senate in its tracks, they would threaten amendments related to how Congress gets its health care.

Ive asked my members to restrain themselves, he said.

Restraint has been hard to come by in this political era, particularly because a small army of conservative groups has made it a mission to push Republicans to the most strident stands, even if it means shutting down the government or risking default on the national debt.

McConnell faced some of those groups firsthand when they supported his 2014 primary challenger, and he faced a grinding general election against a Democrat who was well financed.

It cost nearly $30million from his campaign war chest and tens of millions of dollars more from outside groups. Winning both races handily, McConnell is delivering a message to Republicans on how to behave heading into 2016.

Dont try to reinvent yourself. Be yourself, number one. And dont be afraid of a primary. We will win all the primaries. We did it in 14. We will do it in 16, McConnell said.

Shortly after Election Day this fall, McConnell sat down with Obama for a rare one-on-one meeting in the Oval Office, a huddle that both sides kept largely secret. In the pre-Christmas interview, McConnell acknowledged that the meetings purpose was only to discuss areas where the president and Republicans might find bipartisan agreement  because their disagreements on other issues were too intractable.

That meeting, he said, focused on trade deals, a tax code overhaul and infrastructure funding. Can we get there on tax reform, trade, infrastructure? he said.

He eschewed the idea of holding the debt ceiling hostage to gain spending-cut concessions from Obama, a tool Republicans had to use before because they were in the minority.

We are in the majority. We can pass a budget. We can determine how much were going to spend, he said.

Avoiding those moments could make for a less scary Congress, giving the Republicans a better chance in 2016 to hit the trifecta and gain the White House. His own horse is already chosen, Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), but dont expect McConnell to be out on the campaign trail or doing any other favors for his home-state colleague.

Im going to be supporting Rand Paul. But he knows that beyond that, I wont be involved in presidential politics. Ive got a big job here, he said.",1
636,Anti-Trump forces seek last-ditch delegate revolt,"Washington (CNN) The faction of the GOP that is unhappy with Donald Trump as the party's presumptive nominee has one last plan to stop the mogul: staging an all-out delegate revolt at the Republican National Convention.

The far-fetched idea is the latest reflection of a campaign cycle that has been anything but ordinary, and stems from a continuing dissatisfaction among some conservative stalwarts with how Trump is behaving and running his campaign. But two longtime GOP veterans says they wouldn't bet on the effort working.

The effort comes at a rough time for the GOP. As the Democratic Party's heaviest hitters, including President Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, line up behind Hillary Clinton and against Trump, Republicans have been forced to criticize their own nominee. Recent comments from Trump about a federal judge's Mexican heritage have drawn widespread rebuke and put GOP leaders in a corner as they defend their endorsement of Trump while disavowing his comments.

One of the vocal advocates for a delegate revolt is conservative commentator and Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol, who has also been actively seeking a candidate to mount an independent bid against Trump, thus far to no avail.

Kristol tweeted late Thursday that the idea of a ""conscience convention,"" where delegates are free to vote for whomever they want to, is also appealing.

""I've been focused on independent candidacy, & still am. But struck by sudden level of interest in possible delegate revolt at convention,"" Kristol tweeted. He added: ""A Convention of Conscience in Cleveland would be quite something. Made easier by fact Trump only won minority of total primary votes anyway.""

Bob Vander Plaats, the head of The Family Leader, an influential social conservative group in Iowa, told CNN's Kate Bolduan Friday morning that ""everything does need to be on the table"" at the convention, though he stopped short of calling for a revolt on the convention floor.

""We want a principled conservative and disciplined candidate who is the standard-bearer of this party,"" said Vander Plaats, who backed Texas Sen. Ted Cruz during the primaries. He said Trump has time before the convention to ""have the concerns laid to rest.""

""All I'm doing is adapting to the circumstances,"" Kendal Unruh told ABC. ""I certainly believe Trump's demagogic racist comments are hurting him.""

The rules enacted by the previous convention, which govern in 2016 until delegates pass a new set of rules, state that even if a delegate casts a ballot for a candidate other than one they are bound to, the convention secretary will record their bound vote.

In order to change that rule, the 112 delegates (two from each state and territory) on the Rules Committee would have to pass different rules and bring those to the floor of the convention, where a majority of delegates present would have to approve them.

Rules expert and RNC veteran Jim Bopp, an Indiana delegate who serves as special counsel to the RNC Rules Committee, said he has spoken with people who want to ""keep the option open to manipulate the rules in some way to deny Trump the nomination,"" but he said he wouldn't bet on any changes.

""I would put money on no rules changes that would affect the outcome of the nominating process,"" Bopp told CNN. ""I think it's highly likely that no rules changes would be adopted that would affect the nomination.""

Bopp said there's also a counter movement within Rules insiders to pass a rule that would prevent any other rules changes from going into effect until the close of the convention.

Rules Committee and Oregon RNC member Solomon Yue is behind that effort, and has been pushing the RNC this year to adopt rules that give less power to the party and more to the delegates. He tried but failed to get the party to adopt rules that would require bigger majorities to pass business at the convention.

Yue says with roughly 80% of the convention delegates being either Trump or Cruz backers, the anti-Trump forces don't have much strength.

""The common denominator of the delegates is anti-establishment, anti-Washington,"" Yue said. ""And if you think about 'Never Trump' people, they are representing Washington and the establishment.""

Part of the philosophy for a delegate revolt comes from longtime RNC veteran Curly Haugland, from North Dakota, and a book he co-wrote with public policy consultant Sean Parnell. ""Unbound"" uses the history of the RNC to make the case that RNC rules dictate that delegates be allowed to vote their conscience.

""What Curly and I are contending is that because of RNC rules, there is no such thing as binding,"" Parnell told CNN, saying the binding rules that currently are in place are in a part of the rules package that govern pre-convention during the delegate selection process.

But Parnell also acknowledged that any effort to make the interpretation stick would require at the very least a handful of state delegations if not a majority of delegates on the floor.

""It would be messy. Good television though,"" Parnell said. ""I would not call it likely. My hope is that delegates are free to vote however they want to vote, and it's going to be up to the chair whether or not to allow that. But I think unless Donald Trump actually does go shoot somebody on Fifth Avenue, I don't think this is going to cost him the nomination.""

Neither the Trump campaign nor Republican National Committee immediately responded to a request for comment on the chatter about a delegate revolt.

There has been intense focus on the Rules Committee for months, going back to when there was a possibility of no Republican candidate getting enough delegates to clinch the nomination outright. With the prospect of a contested convention, the Cruz campaign made a concerted effort to stock the Rules Committee and state delegations with loyalists who would support Rules that would benefit Cruz in a bid to win the nomination on multiple ballots.

But after Cruz lost Indiana soundly and suspended his campaign, the prospect of a contested convention vanished and Trump rolled to the magic number to clinch the nomination.

Meanwhile, the Cruz campaign urged supporters to continue to become delegates and earn leadership spots to influence the platform at the convention.

Though some in the party have never warmed to Trump, the intensity of finding a way to prevent his formal nomination has grown in recent days after Trump's comments about a federal judge inflamed even the leaders of his own party.

Trump questioned the impartiality of the district court judge overseeing a lawsuit related to his venture Trump University, saying the Indiana-born judge's Mexican ancestry could bias him against Trump. The mogul cited his campaign promise to build a wall along the border with Mexico in making the comments.

Though the presumptive nominee has repeatedly stood behind and doubled down on the comments, his stance has drawn outrage from the likes of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan, who called the remarks ""the textbook definition of a racist comment.""

Still, only a small handful of Republicans have withdrawn or withheld their endorsements of Trump. Vulnerable Illinois Sen. Mark Kirk disavowed Trump this week and said he could not endorse the party's nominee after all, but Ryan, McConnell and others have stood by their endorsements, saying Clinton would be a worse choice.",1
755,Sanders Trounces Clinton in W. Va. -- But Will It Make a Difference?,"Meanwhile, Democrat Bernie Sanders picked up more delegates in the two states than Hillary Clinton.

The Vermont senator's still way behind, but says he's not giving up, calling his win in West Virginia ""tremendous.""

Clinton still holds a commanding delegate lead, but Sanders still has the fight in him.

""We are in this campaign to win the Democratic nomination!"" he declared.

But Sanders' quest appears to be almost impossible, with Clinton 94 percent of the way to winning the nomination.

""I am, if I am so fortunate enough as to be the nominee - I am looking forward to debating Donald Trump come the fall,"" she said.

Still, Clinton faces the FBI investigation of her email scandal.

In addition, her loss in West Virginia, a state she took in 2008, was payback for her statements in March that a lot of coal miners and coal companies would be out of business.

She's also polling badly among whites, men, and young people, with many loyal Sanders supporters vowing to never vote for her.

Meanwhile, on the Republican side, Trump kept rolling, winning West Virginia and Nebraska.

The billionaire told the Associated Presshe's looking at five or six people as his running mate, all with deep political experience.

One person that Trump will likely not be considering is Sen. Marco Rubio, who told CNN he disagrees with Trump's ""America first"" foreign policy.

""I have well defined differences with the presumptive nominee of the Republican Party,"" Rubio said. ""And like millions of Republicans, you try to reconcile those two things.""

Trump will be meeting on Capitol Hill Thursday with Republican leaders, a group he has railed against, to try to patch up the public differences they've had.

Unifying the Democrats is going to be an issue for Clinton too, as many Sanders voters have said they wouldn't vote for her.

So, after tough primary battles, both parties are facing the question of how to work together against each in the general election this fall.",1
626,Donald Trump Is Changing His Campaign Slogan to Prove Hes Not Racist,"After a week of nonstop criticism from Democrats and Republicans alike for comments many condemned as racially charged, Donald Trump claims to be altering his campaign to be a little more inclusive. While the presumptive G.O.P. has long promised to make America great again, Trump now says hes adding two words to slogan to illustrate just how non-racist he really is.

You know, I have the theme make America great again, and I've added a couple of things, Trump announced to supporters at a campaign rally in Richmond, Virginia, on Friday night. Right now Im adding make America great againIm adding for everyone, because its really going to be for everyone. Its not going to be for a group of people, its going to be for everyone. Its true.

The allegedly amended slogan, which has yet to appear on any official signage or Trump merchandise, comes after the presidential candidate spent the first half of June repeatedly denouncing Gonzalo Curiel, the federal judge of Mexican heritage presiding over the Trump University class action lawsuit, as inherently biased against him. (Curiel was born in Indiana.) His comments were widely condemned by the Washington political establishment, including Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, who suggested he may be an idiot, and House Speaker Paul Ryan, who called Trumps statement the textbook definition of a racist comment.

Trump, who hasnt apologized or taken back any of his comments, indicated on Friday that he realized his words have had a negative effect on his campaign and declared he is not a racist.

I am the least racist person. The least racist person that youve ever seen. I mean give me a break, he said at the rally. I am the least racist person that youve ever looked at, believe me.",1
691,Pure chaos: Donald Trumps campaign management offers a glimpse into his governing style (spoiler alert: its terrible),"If you want a glimpse into a presidential candidates governing style, take a look at his campaign. How does he build an organization? How does he manage personnel? How does he delegate responsibility? Does he value loyalty or honesty in advisers? Its hardly conclusive, but how a candidate deals with these challenges says a lot about what theyd prioritize as president.

The presumptive Republican nominee has managed his campaign the way he manages his casinos or his realty TV program: haphazardly and with an unearned arrogance. Everythings about the brand and non-sycophants are cast aside. Getting it right is far less important than being right. Thus, when prompted by advisers todial down the rhetoric and think more about his long-term viability, Trump has resisted. Hes yet to understand how different a primary and a general election are, and hes too cocksure to listen to anyone who tries to explain it.

Trump isnt as stupid as he pretends to be, but his confidence seems to scale with his ignorance, and thats a dangerous trait in a president, given how consequential each decision can be.As a candidate, a confident idiot can make a lot of noise and fool a lot of voters. But you cant lead that way. As president, Trump would need the sober advice of serious professionals. Considering how little he understands about the job and the world, this is especially true in his case.

Based on the latest behind-the-scenes reports on Trumps campaign (as well as his entire history in real estate and television), its unlikely he would govern with the humility and self-awareness required. The campaign has undergone several shake-ups in recent months, with key staffers like Corey Lewandowski being demoted to make way for veteran operatives like Paul Manafort. Trumps approach has remained very much the same, however. Everyone he brings in bends to his will or is replaced by someone who does.

Things have gotten more chaotic in the last week or so, as Rick Wiley was fired as the campaigns national political director. Wiley was known to assert himself in ways that alienated Trump and his loyalists.The Washington Posts Sean Sullivan and Robert Costa summarized the broader situationover the weekend: For the last two months, Donald Trump has presided over a political team riddled with turf wars, staff reshuffling and dueling power centers. But tensions are more than typical campaign chaos: They illustrate how Trump likes to run an organization, whether its a real estate venture or his presidential bid. Interviews with current and former Trump associates reveal an executive who is fond of promoting rivalries among subordinates, wary of delegating major decisions, scornful of convention and fiercely insistent on a culture of loyalty around him. These are the management techniques of a brand-hustling magnate, not a president of the United States. Trumps dictatorial approach works well on the campaign trail, but itd be a disaster in office. A president has to persuade and compromise. The capacity to admit ignorance is equally important. Trump, by all accounts, has no interest in any of these things. Trump doesnt know what he needs to know in order to be president, nor does he care that he doesnt know. If his campaign is any indication, hell hire people to ensure his veil of ignorance is never cracked. That kind of megalomania is why Trump is who he is  its part of his outsized persona. Its also the clearest indicator we have of the kind of president hed be.",1
1787,GOP insiders: Carly crushed it,"On this day in 1973, J. Fred Buzhardt, a lawyer defending President Richard Nixon in the Watergate case, revealed that a key White House tape had an 18...",1
1967,Both parties want to craft populist messages for 2016,"Presidential hopefuls in both parties agree on at least one thing: Economic mobility, and the feeling of many Americans that they are being shut out from the nations prosperity, will be a defining theme of the 2016 campaign.

Former Florida governor Jeb Bush last week became the latest Republican to signal a readiness to engage Democrats on what historically has been their turf, putting issues of middle-class wage stagnation, poverty and shared prosperity at the forefront of their political messages.

Bushs framing of the economic and social challenges facing the country nearly mirrors that of likely Democratic candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton, as well as other possible contenders on the left. Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) has written a book on the subject, American Dreams: Restoring Economic Opportunity for Everyone, to be published this week, while Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) has proposed policies for distressed communities that he sees as the ticket to the middle class.

And Mitt Romney, the 2012 GOP nominee who was portrayed by Democrats as insensitive to and out of touch with the lives of middle- and working-class Americans, has told friends he considers poverty a topic du jour as he weighs another run in 2016.

You talk to any pollster, on the Democratic side or the Republican side, theyre in complete agreement on the idea that there has to be an economic populist message, said Matthew Dowd, a top strategist for former president George W. Bushs 2000 and 2004 campaigns. Then it comes down to Are there credible solutions and is there a credible candidate?

About 45million Americans live at or below the poverty line, according to last falls census estimates, while the median household income in the United States in 2013 was just under $52,000. Adjusted for inflation, the median is 8percent lower than it was in 2007, the last full year before the recession, and 11percent below what it was in 2000.

Wage stagnation has been a persistent problem for low- and middle-income workers. Since the late 1970s, wages for the bottom 70percent of earners have been essentially stagnant, and between 2009 and 2013, real wages fell for the entire bottom 90 percent of the wage distribution, Lawrence Mishel of the liberal Economic Policy Institute wrote in a paper published this month.

Launching his new political action committee, Right to Rise, Jeb Bush asserted last week in the PACs mission statement that President Obamas tenure has been pretty good for those at the top of the income scale but a lost decade for everyone else.

Millions of our fellow citizens across the broad middle class feel as if the American Dream is now out of their reach; that our politics are petty and broken; that opportunities are elusive; and that the playing field is no longer fair or level, Bush wrote. Too many of the poor have lost hope that a path to a better life is within their grasp.

Bushs focus adds an unexpected element to the coming debate and puts pressure on the entire field, himself included, to come forward with fresh policies that address the nations core economic problems.

The shift also highlights a potential vulnerability for Democrats. In his campaigns, Obama twice promised to focus on wealth inequality and middle-class stagnation, but those problems persist even as the economy revs up and unemployment falls.

Clinton could be challenged now from both the right and the left to lay out solutions that go beyond Obamas  and also to develop a political voice of her own to articulate them. Democrats conceded after last falls midterm elections that they had not found a compelling economic message.

Democrats will look to Clinton, should she run, to take the lead in doing that  although they also are looking to Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) and her harder-edged populist rhetoric.

Clinton tested such a message last year. In a major speech at the New America Foundation in May, she said that Americans are finding it harder than ever to get their footing in our changing economy. The dream of upward mobility that made this country a model for the world feels further and further out of reach.

The language of Bush, Rubio and other Republicans appears aimed at avoiding the problem that bedeviled Romney throughout his 2012 campaign. The former Massachusetts governors memorable comment about the 47 percent of the population who he said depend on government and feel like victims haunted him during the final months before the election.

Yuval Levin, editor of the conservative journal National Affairs, said the overall shift in emphasis by Republicans is an effort to move away from Romneys more abstract message of job growth and to focus more specifically on social mobility and solutions for those at or near the bottom.

Its a process of letting the light out from under the bushel, Levin said. Citing past conservative leadership in reforming welfare, he added: I think Republican ideas have always held this promise, but conservatives have not always emphasized these elements. ... A difference in emphasis is not insignificant.

Democrats, however, argue that revising their rhetoric will not be enough for Republicans  especially if Jeb Bush becomes the GOP nominee  to gloss over former president George W. Bushs legacy, which Democrats say tightened the middle-class squeeze.

Its not like the Republican Party has clean hands on the issue of rising inequality, said Neera Tanden, president of the Center for American Progress and an adviser to Clinton on economic policy. Its a weird thing to say, I care about how the rest of the country is doing, not just the top earners, when your brother cut taxes for the wealthy and your partys economic position starts with undoing Dodd-Frank, the 2010 law that tightened regulation of Wall Street.

Obama hit the road last week to highlight economic successes of his presidency, from the auto industry bailout to more robust overall growth in the last half of 2014. Still, many Democrats acknowledge that there is a large gap between promise and results on issues of middle-class insecurities.

That is where Bush and some other Republicans are taking aim. Two factors have contributed to the opening they see.

One is the continued problem of stagnating wages for the broad middle class and the income gap between rich and non-rich. The other is new evidence that it has become harder for those at the bottom to rise into the middle class, and that the risk of some born into the middle class  particularly minorities  falling out of it is growing.

Democrats long have been seen as the party more trusted to deal with middle-class economic issues. Republicans long have resisted policies that smack of economic redistribution. Could that be changing?

How do you tell the middle class, Were your guy? said Grover Norquist, a conservative anti-tax advocate. Republicans feel comfortable saying that now because they feel the guys theyre running against are sufficiently discredited.

William Galston of the Brookings Institution said that the issue of blocked social mobility is one Republicans will feel more comfortable engaging  and on their own terms. Thats what Jeb Bush is saying: We can accept a definition of a problem ... but give unabashedly conservative responses to those challenges, he said.

But Galston, a former domestic policy adviser to President Bill Clinton, said Bushs framing of the issue this way means he has put down a marker that he will be expected to meet.

I would expect to hear from him over the coming months some of the best and most innovative conservative thinking on opportunity and upward mobility, he said. That will be a fair test on how much gas there is in the conservative ideas tank.

Other Republicans have been working to reorient their party toward blue-collar economics and to put forward fresh economic ideas. Former senator Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania and former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee, two former presidential candidates who are looking at running in 2016, long have talked about the GOPs need to recognize the problems of working families.

House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) has focused on policies designed to lift people out of poverty. In 2012, as Romneys running mate, Ryan wanted to campaign in inner cities and give speeches promoting individual empowerment. He was frustrated that Romneys campaign team directed him to talk about other topics.

Rubio has proposed a fundamental shift in anti-poverty programs. He has suggested devolving power and responsibility from Washington to the states by consolidating federal monies into a flex fund. The senator from Florida has called for significant reductions in federal regulations that he says will spur creation of better jobs. On education, he has offered a series of reforms designed to lessen the burden of student loan debt and expand access to apprenticeship programs. Rubio and others also have proposed changes in the earned-income tax credit to extend its reach to more people.

Democrats are skeptical that Republicans can meet the challenge with policy proposals that are much beyond calls for tax cuts to spur economic growth and further efforts to scale back the size of government.

It sounds to me like a traditional Romney Republican trickle-down agenda but with a willingness to engage on inequality and mobility, said Jared Bernstein, a former adviser to Vice President Biden who works at the Center of Budget and Policy Priorities.

Democrats say its too early to draw conclusions, but they note that if Bush and other Republicans find new ways to engage middle-class voters with populist themes, the pressures on Clinton will mount significantly.

Voters are going to [say], Okay, thank you for acknowledging this problem, but what are you going to do about it? Bernstein said. I would argue that Democrats are going to have to have more in their toolbox than [raising the] minimum wage and universal pre-K.",1
431,First Take: Wall Street bids goodbye to June hike,"NEW YORK -- Bye bye June rate hike. That was the billboard-sizeheadline from Wall Street trading desks after the U.S. job-creation machine hit the wall in May. The government said 38,000 jobs were created in May, way, way, waybelow the roughly 160,000 new positions Wall Street economists had been expecting.

It was the worst month for job creation since September 2010.

The Janet Yellen-led Federal Reserve had been driving home the message that it was ""appropriate"" to hike interest rates in coming months and perhaps as early as June IF the job market and economy continued to perform well and meet their more upbeat forecast.

But the Mayjobs report was bad. Really bad.

""Horrible,"" is the word used by Steven Ricchiuto, chief economist at MSUSA. ""Very weak,"" chimed in Chris Gaffney, president of world markets at EverBank. Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, tweeted out thatthe lousy jobs number amounted to a ""bombshell.""

A bombshell, indeed. So weak was the 38,000 May job count, that Wall Street now sees virtually a zero chance of the Fed moving at its June meeting, which breaks up on June 15.

""This is the weakest number of workers added in almost six years,"" Gaffney told USA TODAY via e-mail.

After the dreadful jobs report was released, the odds of a June hike plunged to about 4%, down sharply from 19% before the data werereleased, according to futures markets tracked by the CME Group.

""Just when they thought it was safe to go back into the water,"" the Fed gets hit with this less-than-stellar data point on jobs, Ricchiuto told clients in a report.""This now assures that June is off the table, but may not rule out July.""

But professional investors are still not willing to rule out a hike in July at least not yet as there is a lot of economic data to come between now and July.The chances of a July hike plunged to 34% from close to 60%.

The market reaction was swift. Stocks dippedas investors now have to worry about a possible slowdown in job creation, which is a negative for the economy. ""Risks about the strength of the U.S. economy outweigh the positive impacts of lower interest rates,"" Gaffney said.

Bond yields fell, as investors piled back into U.S. government bonds as the threat of an imminent Fed rate hike fade. The U.S. dollar weakened as the Fed's rate-hike timetable gets pushed back.

Sure the unemployment rate ticked down to 4.7%. But while that number sounds good it is mainly due to ""another big drop in the labor force,"" says Paul Ashworth, chief U.S. economist at Capital Economics.

Yellen is scheduled to speak on Monday, Ashworth adds. Wall Street will be listening closely.

""Yellen should provide more insight on the Fed's thinking Monday,"" he said via e-mail.",1
5224,"With 3:20 a.m. tweet storm Saturday, Clinton continues to mock Trumps Friday meltdown","WHITE PLAINS, N.Y.  Not to be outdone by her Republican rival, Hillary Clinton fired off a series of early-morning messages Saturday on Twitter.

Only the tweets sent over the Democratic presidential nominees account dealt with a very different subject matter than those blasted about a former beauty-pageant winner by Donald Trump 24 hours before.

[Trump under fire after sending nasty tweets about disgusting ex-Miss Universe]

Clinton instead focused on national service, a subject to which she had devoted a speech in Florida on Friday.

It's 3:20am. As good a time as any to tweet about national service, said the first one, coming at the same time that Trump started his storm of disparaging tweets about former Miss Universe Alicia Machado.

The next Clinton tweet borrowed a favorite word of Trump.

There are hundreds of thousands more@AmeriCorps applications than spots. Horrible! it read. Let's expand it from 75,000 annual members to 250,000.

The tweets  several more followed  were the latest bid by Clinton to keep a spotlight on what she described Friday as Trump coming unhinged.

In his tweets, the Republican presidential nominee called Machado disgusting and a con and raised questions about her past, alleging she had been in a sex tape.

[Clinton calls for new National Service Reserve during Florida swing]

The former Miss Universes story has dominated media coverage of the election since Clinton brought her up at Mondays debate, when she criticized Trump for denigrating comments he made in 1996 about Machados weight.

Unlike Trump, who often tweets himself, many of those sent out over Clintons official campaign account are composed by aides.

On Friday, there were a series mocking Trumps behavior, and at a rally in Coral Springs, Fla., she accused her rival of having a meltdown.

Trumps twitter account appeared to have been silent in the early-morning hours on Saturday.",1
2777,Obama makes the right call to tough it out in Afghanistan,"The president now plans to continue a U.S. ground force presence in Afghanistan to help hold off the Taliban until he leaves office. This is an uncommon turnaround for a president who hasnt changed his mind on foreign policy since drawing his (much-ballyhooed and promptly ignored) red line in Syria.

So what does this rare shift have to say about Obamas foreign policy and Americas future role in Afghanistan? Not much.

Mr. Obama started his presidency hoping to use Afghanistan to demonstrate his willingness to roll up his sleeves and get his hands dirty in the national security business. He asserted that, unlike Bushs War in Iraq, fighting in the place where the 9/11 attacks were concocted was worth it.

In approving a surge in Afghanistan, the president made much of his role as decider-in-chief. Yet, even as he sent in more troops, he tipped his hand that Afghanistan was not as much an exception to the talk-dont-fight Obama Doctrine as the tough-guy image he sought to cultivate.

The president gave commanders only half the force and half the time they requested to do the job right. It turned out, the commanders were right. Mr. Obama, however, had his eye on the next election and wanted to go into the race showing he had put the war on a glide-path to wind down and pull out.

Signaling a limited-time interest in fighting an enemy rarely ends well. The Taliban adopted the logical and predictable strategy of simply waiting out Mr. Obama. Also predictably, the half-measure surge and overly ambitious transfer of responsibility to the Afghan military resulted in unnecessarily heavy casualties for Afghan security forces, a persistent Taliban, and a shaky security situation.

Nevertheless, Afghanistan is far from a total failure. Indeed, compared to the presidents other foreign policy dalliancesfrom the Russian reset to Libya to Syria to Iraq to Ukraine it ranks as his best achievement yet.

Which is why Mr. Obama is reportedly backing away from his plan to yank virtually all U.S. troops out of Afghanistan by the end of next year. Instead, he has agreed to leave the current force of 9,800 troops in place throughout most of next year, and keep 5,500 in theater thereafter.

Its a good call. With the Taliban flexing its muscles anew and the Islamic State making inroads there, completely pulling out makes little sense. Mr. Obama can ill afford another complete foreign policy disaster on his watch. Further, virtually everyone the U.S. military, the Afghans, Pakistan, India, our NATO allies wants the U.S. to stay and see the job through.

In addition, there is zero domestic pressure for the president to make good on his campaign promise. An appearance of Code Pink is about as common as a Yeti sighting. And in the debates thus far, presidential candidates have devoted about as much time to Afghanistan as they have to defunding Public Television.

It makes complete sense for Mr. Obama to tough it out in Afghanistan, but dont expect the change in plans to make things better for the Afghans or the larger security picture. The U.S. presence is the bare minimum to hold on. More forces with loser rules of engagement would make the country much safer, much faster.

But holding on is probably the best we can hope for with this president. Heres hoping the next Commander in Chiefs attitude toward Afghanistan will focus more on solving problems than just wishing they would go away.

James Jay Carafano is vice president of foreign and defense policy studies The Heritage Foundation. Follow him on Twitter @JJCarafano.",1
587,Senate race rankings: Dems attack as GOP lays swing-state groundwork,The move would make it easier for the Trump administration to demolish the exchanges.,1
3027,American politics has reached peak polarization,"For a long time in American politics, we've been trapped in a cycle of ever-escalating political polarization. As measured by voting patterns in the US Congress, the two parties have pulled apart to distances we've never seen before. As measured by consistent partisan positioning among voters, the split in the electorate has reached a historic level of divisiveness.

But this is about to end. We've now hit peak polarization. The forces that have fueled the widening gap between the two political parties are now fueling fights within the two political parties, fights that will lead to new coalitions in American politics, eventually realigning the two parties. A new era of American politics is about to emerge.

The tautological reason polarization has increased in American politics is that over the past four decades, conflict in American politics has increasingly operated along a single dimension: Republican versus Democrat. A large number of issues that were once nonpartisan or non-ideological have become partisan issues. Almost every policy has now been swept into the maw of partisan jockeying, leaving almost no space for the cross-partisan cooperation our political system relies on to function.

In order for congressional polarization to persist, both parties have to maintain tight enough discipline over their members and the political agenda to ensure consistent party voting. And in order for public polarization to persist, parties have to maintain tight enough message discipline among their elites to ensure that their voters only hear one main message.

This is breaking down. Republicans are now in open warfare between Trump supporters and #NeverTrumpers. Democrats are far less divided, but internal rifts between their ""establishment"" (Hillary Clinton) and ""insurgent"" (Bernie Sanders) wings are also real and likely lasting.

This conflict is emerging on issues of international trade, on questions of corporate (especially Wall Street) power, and in growing anger over money in politics and corruption generally. In short, parties are increasingly divided on a growing range of issues that pit their less-educated, lower-income voters who feel left behind by the current political-economic system against their better-educated, higher-income voter who don't want to mess too much with the status quo. These conflicts are not going away anytime soon.

This moment is the culmination of four interconnected but ultimately unsustainable trends that have turbocharged polarization over the last two decades:

Close competition fueled partisan nastiness and increased the demand for campaign money. The demand for campaign money made the parties more dependent on wealthy donors, which made them less responsive to their voters. This lack of responsiveness provided plenty of evidence for corruption and the felt sense that politics was broken, which fueled anger. Both parties attempted to channel this anger against the other party to distract from their own failures and contradictions and win elections by rendering the other party toxic. This exacerbated the sense that politics was broken and corrupt.

These trends created contradictions, and now these contradictions have created openings. Ambitious candidates who could get past their parties' campaign finance gatekeepers had a lot of angry and left-behind voters eager for their message. And this is precisely what Sanders and especially Donald Trump have accomplished. Now there is no going back.

These are big claims. So let's flesh this story out a little more, this time with expanded detail.

The story could go all the way back to the decisive election of 1932, when Democrats became the dominant party in American politics for a generation, holding together a big-tent New Deal coalition that included Southern pro-segregationists with Northern urban progressives. But it was an uneasy alliance that could only last as long as civil rights legislation was bottled up. Then in 1964, the Democrats decidedly became the party of civil rights. And as Lyndon Johnson allegedly acknowledged upon signing the 1964 Civil Rights Act, the Democrats ""have lost the South for a generation.""

Democrats had controlled the South ever since Republican-led Reconstruction (since Republicans were the party of Lincoln and of Reconstruction). But as Republicans came to be the party better aligned with the South on issues of race, conservative Republicans replaced conservative Democrats in Southern House and Senate seats, starting in the 1980s. By 1995, when Republicans won the House for the first time in 40 years, this transition was mostly complete. By 2011, it was absolute and total.

As this all happened, the ideological center of the Republican Party moved to the South, fusing social and economic conservatism. Northern liberal Republicans were marginalized and soon endangered. Democrats, meanwhile, lost their Southern, conservative wing, and the ideological center of the Democratic Party moved to the coasts and big cities, fusing social and economic liberalism.

As the parties became less internally diverse, individual members of Congress delegated more power to their party leaders. After all, they all now basically agreed on the issues. And they wanted leaders who could punish disloyal dissenters and control the agenda. So when Newt Gingrich took over the speakership in 1995, he centralized power in the position in a way it had not been centralized since 1910.

In the 1990s, American politics entered a somewhat unusual period of remarkably close two-party competition for control of the House and the Senate.

This, as political scientist Frances Lee explains, has been the catalyst for a very nasty brand of partisan fighting.

This seems exactly right to me, and there's lots of evidence to prove it.

But not only has this close competition fueled partisanship by turning legislating into zero-sum trench warfare, it has also turbocharged the fundraising dimension of political campaigning.

Parties are campaigning harder than ever to win over those swing seats, and this has meant raising ever-expanding sums of money. And in order to raise this money, both parties have had to lean more and more on their wealthiest donors.

But relying on these wealthy donors created a problem for both parties. On many issues, particularly economic issues, wealthy elites hold separate opinions from most voters.

Major Republican donors generally want fiscal austerity, and particularly a rolled-back welfare state. They also tend to be much more pro-immigration and profree trade than Republican voters, and not particularly worried about social issues. But schemes like privatizing Social Security and voucherizing Medicare have never been all that popular with actual Republican voters. And as the middle classes' wages have stagnated, especially for those without college degrees, and the share of foreign-born residents in the US has reached levels not seen since the 1920s (it hit 13.9 percent in 2015), the voting constituency for anti-immigration populism has grown considerably.

Democratic donors are somewhat more economically liberal. But they are not about to support Sanders-style socialism. They prefer Clinton's generally pro-market views. They will tolerate some regulation of business, but not that much, particularly when it's the tech and new economy businesses that they run and invest in.

Whereas Democrats once relied on labor unions to get out the vote, by the 1990s unions could no longer provide the support Democrats needed. Democrats instead moved to depend on the ""professional class,"" deprioritizing workers' concerns to focus instead on the social and environmental concerns that went over much better in Hollywood and San Francisco and Manhattan fundraisers.

For a while, both parties could manage these contradictions, being responsive to their donors while pooh-poohing the economic concerns of their less affluent voters on the bland promise that a thriving economy was good for everyone. And for much of the 1990s and 2000s, the economy was doing okay, which generally kept voters from feeling too angry. And to the extent that individual voters weren't benefiting, it was, of course, the other party's fault.

As long as both sides were focused on the evils of the other side, and the economy was not in a major recession, party leaders could get away with ignoring many of their voters, and using the campaign contribution proceeds to make their case through more and more negative political advertising and aggressive media messaging.

This negativity translated into what political scientists Alan Abramowitz and Steven Webster call ""negative partisanship."" As they explain:

All these interrelated trends have turbocharged polarization over the last two decades. But they relied on both sides being able to control the anger that they were stoking, and on both sides being able to convince their voters that all of the corruption and fecklessness in Washington was because of the other party. This could not go on indefinitely.

In fall 2008 the financial crisis hit, and the government bailed out the big Wall Street banks in a very public way. For many, this served as the decisive proof that things really were rigged: Washington and Wall Street were in a corrupt alliance, a conspiracy of career politicians and crony capitalists and lobbyists who were rolling in the money and laughing about it while everyone else was living paycheck to paycheck. As the economy stumbled through recession and then a jobless recovery, economic insecurity and political resentment increased.

Obama and the Democrats swept the 2008 election on the strength of anti-Bush feeling and the timeless energy of hope and change. For the first time since 1992, Democrats had unified control in Washington; Republicans were now out in the cold.

With their backs against the wall and Democrats as the new Washington establishment, Republicans now turned their anti-government rhetoric up to 11. Obama was Stalin. Obama was Hitler. Obama was a Kenyan-born Muslim bent on destroying America. Democrats responded to the charges with signature big-government legislation that taxed the middle class so that poor people could have government-subsidized health care. The Republican base went crazy. All their worst fears were confirmed.

In 2009, the Tea Party emerged, representing what felt like new anti-establishment radicalism but was really just the culmination of decades of Republican anti-government rhetoric now freed from any institutional responsibility for actually governing. In 2010, on the strength of Tea Party anti-Obama energy (and the fact that Democrats had won a bunch of majority Republican House districts in 2006 and 2008), Republicans swept back into control of the House. In the 2014 election, they finally won back the Senate.

But then nothing happened. Obamacare, the devil piata of every Republican attack, was neither repealed nor replaced. Worse, Republican leaders were negotiating with Obama, Satan himself. They were letting Obama get away with an executive order on immigration. Here was the most corrupt, most crony capitalist administration in history, and what were Republicans in Congress doing? They were rolling over and being just as corrupt!

In June 2015, Donald Trump announced he was running for president and became the immediate frontrunner on the strength of his aggressive anti-immigration stance. Because he had his own money and his own media celebrity, Trump did not need to do the pro-austerity, pro-immigration, pro-free trade dance that other potential frontrunners had done to shake the big donor GOP money tree. He could just run for president, declaring everything was corrupt and he was the only one you could trust because he was the only one who didn't have a super PAC. And he could speak to the working-class Republican voters who had been left behind in this economy, by saying he'd go after China and give them Social Security and Medicare and go after the corrupt hedge fund rip-off artists.

And they loved it. For decades, they had been told, for partisan reasons, to be angry; they had been told, for partisan reasons, that Washington was corrupt, and that all Washington politicians were evil. Now they finally had somebody who could say those things while actually not embodying any telltale signs of the sins. They also had somebody who could finally and authentically call out all the ""corrupt"" things Republican establishment types themselves were doing.

A few months later, in September, Republican Speaker John Boehner announced he would resign from Congress, responding to efforts by the House Freedom Caucus to force him out. This was the first time since 1910 that an insurgent faction in the House had successfully challenged a sitting speaker. The anti-establishment anger that Republicans had courted had now finally turned on its leaders.

On the Democratic side, anti-Clinton progressives were hoping to draft Elizabeth Warren, who had demonstrated her anti-establishment bona fides in December 2014, sinking Obama's appointment of Wall Street banker Antonio Weiss for a top Treasury position (Weiss withdrew his nomination, instead accepting a counselor position to Secretary Jack Lew). Warren had also been a prominent opponent of Obama's major Asian free trade agreement.

But Warren didn't run. Instead, it was self-identified socialist Bernie Sanders who found the opening. Democratic donor gatekeepers had cleared the field for Hillary. This meant Sanders could get attention just for being the only real alternative, attention that he was able to snowball into a following. Sanders won't win the nomination. But he has done far, far better than anybody ever expected, because a sizable number of Democrat voters share his view that politics is a rigged game where the billionaires and the crony capitalists always win. And like Sanders, they are sick and tired of it.

If you briefly scroll back to the top of this article and look at the graph of polarization over time, you'll see a previous peak around 1910 or so. While historical analogies are never perfect, there are some notable similarities between now and around 1910.

For one, 1910 was the last time a sitting speaker of the US House had been effectively challenged from within the party. Second, in 1912 the Republican Party was so divided over its presidential nomination that the party splintered, with about half of Republicans supporting Howard Taft (the incumbent) and about half supporting Teddy Roosevelt (the previous incumbent). Democrat Woodrow Wilson won in a landslide.

Around 1910 was also when the last great anti-establishment movement in America, the progressive movement, emerged in response to growing concentrations of wealth and political power, concentrations that many Americans felt had left them behind. As political scientist Grant McConnell once wrote of ""the progressive legacy,"" it consisted of a ""charges made against virtually all the institutions of American society"" with ""one common theme  corruption. ... Corruption of such prevalence, disorder of such magnitude could only be explained by something more than the assumption of a slow-spreading decay. The theory of conspiracy was ready at hand and in one way or another it was invoked as an explanation."" This resonates with today's anti-establishment mood.

Political scientist Hans Noel has argued that the emergence of the progressive movement ""crosscut the parties and eventually reshaped them."" Noel notes that progressives opposed existing authority structures, both economically (e.g., the ""trusts"") and politically (they disliked political parties and other authority structures).

In 1910, it was progressive Republican George Norris who led the internal House revolt against Speaker Joe Cannon, stripping Cannon of most of his authority and devolving considerable powers back to individual members, who had increasingly chafed under their marginalization. Like John Boehner in 2015, Cannon in 1910 represented the culmination of exactly 20 years of increasingly centralized leadership control in the House speakership. Just as Gingrich had radically centralized control in 1995, Speaker Thomas Reed had radically centralized control in 1890.

Parties depolarized in the 1910s and 1920s because, freed of centralized leadership structures, more legislating happened in committees, where a cross-cutting progressive coalition could more freely operate independently of the two parties. Interestingly, trade policy also became much less polarized in the 1920s, with cross-party coalitions on tariff issues.

Most likely, Trump will be the Republican nominee. Even if the #NeverTrump forces somehow wrest the nomination from him (unlikely, but possible), the anti-establishment forces in the Republican Party are not going away. If not Trump (though my guess is he will stick around for a while longer), somebody in the Tea Party, or possibly even Ted Cruz, will find a way to harness the Trump voters by following the Trump issues playbook. Where there are voters to be had, there are politicians to have them.

Meanwhile, in Congress, House Speaker Paul Ryan is already having difficulty building consensus around a budget process. No matter how many speeches he gives about the importance of decorum in politics, it seems increasingly unlikely that he can reconcile the conflicts that Boehner failed to resolve, which means he will have to eventually lean on Democrats to pass a budget and, like Boehner before him, alienate some of his party. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, much less beloved even within his party, will face similar problems.

Most likely, Hillary Clinton will become the 45thUS president (she has led in every single head-to-head poll against Trump). And most likely she will use her agenda-setting powers to try to force the Republicans into open civil war by pushing many of the issues that already divide them, especially immigration and trade. Clinton's natural home is in the pro-business center, a position that will be advantageous to her and Democrats in the short term at least. But she has to be cautious. Emboldened by Sanders and by Elizabeth Warren, the progressive wing of the Democrats is growing, and will be unhappy with Clinton's pro-business instincts.

The internal fights will continue in both parties. The competing wings of both parties will feel that they are the true Republicans/Democrats. The growing importance of outside, non-party groups in elections will also force ideological diversity onto the parties. Party leaders might instinctually want to wrest power back from these outside groups, but they'd be wiser to open up their tent to allow for different ideas. After all, the party that does best in American politics is always the one that can build the broadest coalition, which means accepting ideological diversity.

Eventually, congressional leaders will realize (or be forced to realize) that the only leadership style that works is a less centralized, more committee-driven approach. This is the only way ideologically heterogeneous parties can effectively govern. A more decentralized Congress, with more fluid coalitions, will function better, assuming that a more committee-driven process is also accompanied by increases in congressional staffing capacity. Partisan control of Congress will mean less, since there will be more cross-party coalitions.

Many issues, like gun rights or affirmative action, will remain very partisan. But other issues, especially those of corporate/Wall Street power, antitrust, interventionist foreign policy, will likely split the parties. Trump Republicans and Sanders Democrats will find common cause against establishment centrists. Big organized interests, like the Chamber of Commerce and other corporate groups, will align less closely with Republicans, realizing that their future success will require the right mix of Republicans and Democrats to advance their agendas.

And as the parties become more ideological diverse, voters, who are generally more ideologically all over the place than the current party alignment would suggest, will identify less reliably with one or the other, since there will be more for them in both parties. They will again sometimes split their tickets, depending on who is running. Many will feel more passionate about individual issues and will align themselves with supporters of those issues in both parties, especially as individual interest groups become cross-partisan in order to achieve policy outcomes. In that respect, politics will come to look more like it did in the 1950s and 1970s, when liberal Republicans existed alongside conservative Democrats.

This is an optimistic scenario.

But it only works if party leaders tolerate diversity within their party and allow disagreements.

Another scenario is that establishment Republicans banish the Trump faction and Democrats banish the Sanders faction after the 2016 elections, and both parties go back to the predictable and intractable trench warfare battle lines that have become increasingly dug in over the past two decades, using nastier and nastier tactics to subvert internal divisions in service of the larger fight against a common enemy. This may be possible for a little while longer (especially if the economy improves significantly), but it is still probably long-term unsustainable for reasons I've described above. It also may mean that 2020 becomes an even more violent and nasty election.

Another possibility is that the parties realign quickly, with the Trump/Tea Party faction effecting a rapid transformation of the Republican Party into a downscale nationalist populist party, pushing the remaining upper-class moderate Republicans into a more pro-business Democratic Party, which in turn pushes some disaffected Sanders voters into the Republican Party. If this realignment happens too quickly, there is no period of depolarization. But this seems unlikely, given the stickiness of partisan identity and the strong disagreements between the two parties on a whole range of other issues.

Other scenarios are possible as well, especially if there are significant global crises.

But here's the bottom line: Something is different this year in American politics. The logic that has operated for the past two decades or so is breaking down, largely because the factors and trends that propelled it produced unsustainable contradictions. American politics is now entering a new logic, with new trends and forces that will push the lines of political conflict in directions we are only beginning to understand.

This feels like chaos, and it is. But it is also good news, because chaos scrambles the rules. We've hit peak polarization. Politics is slowly coming unstuck. A period of new possibilities awaits.

This post is part of Polyarchy, an independent blog produced by the political reform program at New America, a Washington think tank devoted to developing new ideas and new voices. See more Polyarchy posts here.",1
4377,Anti-Muhammad cartoon contest: Free speech or deliberately provocative? (+video),"Sponsors say that the shootings in Garland, Texas, confirm their view of Islam as violence-prone. But critics say the event was designed to be incendiary and to poison relations at a volatile time.

When Pamela Geller and her controversial organization, the American Freedom Defense Initiative, announced it would hold a cartoon contest in Garland, Texas, their plan to satirize and lampoon the founder of Islam was intended to have both a defiant and provocative free-speech edge.

Sundays contest and its $10,000 prize were prompted in part by the ParisCharlie Hebdo massacre in January, Ms. Geller said in March, as well as the riots in Muslim countries sparked by the publication of satirical anti-Muhammad cartoons by a Danish newspaper in 2005. And indeed, as if on cue, two gunmen with apparent ties to Islamic militants overseas tried to storm the heavily secured event in a similar fashion, before being shot dead by a local police officer Sunday night.

The incident comes at a time when tensions between some segments of American society and Muslims appear to be becoming more fraught  with protests against Muslims in Texas and anti-Muslim social-media attacks after the release of the film ""American Sniper."" In that context, Geller's actions raise questions about speech seen by many as motivated to incite anger and hatred.

It is an issue Geller has faced before.Two weeks ago, she won a federal free-speech case against New Yorks Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which had refused to put up one of her ads: Killing Jews is Worship that draws us close to Allah  a quotethe ad attributes to Hamas MTV.

Gellers organization has often clashed with officials in other cities, including Philadelphia and Washington, over their incendiary ads, some of which compare Islam to Nazism. In 2012, another federal judge ruled that cities could not refuse to post her subway poster that read: In any war between the civilized man and the savage, support the civilized man. Support Israel. Defeat Jihad.

Many supporters of Geller and her organization view the violence on Sunday as a vindication of their views of Islam as an inherently violence-prone religion. But for others, her relentless campaign to push the boundaries of free speech with intentionally incendiary messages is only poisoning public discourse at a particularly volatile time.

And coming as it did right when we, the United States of America, are really facing a time when we have to question what it is that holds us together, I can see this potentially aggravating the already-challenging times for dealing with some of these questions about cultural difference, diversity, and what kind of society we want to be, says Gordon Coonfield, director of graduate studies in communication at Villanova University near Philadelphia.

After analyzing some of the submissions to the American Freedom Defense Initiatives Muhammad Art Exhibit and Cartoon Contest, Professor Coonfield pointed out the similarities of some of the depictions of the prophet Muhammad to posters for Der Ewige Jude, or The Eternal Jew, a notorious Nazi propaganda documentary.

In one of the cartoons, the prophet is depicted as contorted and snarling and as a hook-nosed man in a turban holding a bloody knife. The caption reads, When it comes to religion ... Ive got the edge. The face, Coonfield notes, is nearly identical to the contorted face of The Eternal Jew poster.

That strategy for creating a sense of unity by lifting up this internal enemy is as old as human civilization and culture, he says. Its ironic that the kind of thinking that Hitler used, and the Nazis have become famous for using  propaganda to try to create this sense of a collective by creating a strong unquestionably evil Other who is right here in our midst ... so its kind of ironic that shes trying to link some of these things together, when that is in fact her message.

Despite the fact that images depicting the prophet Muhammad cut deeply to the heart of Muslim identity, Muslim leaders in Texas told their followers not to picket or protest the event on Sunday.

Her words are not just free speech, says Linda Sarsour, executive director of the Arab American Association of New York. They are inciteful; they incite hate against our whole community. I was very dismayed by the shooting in Garland, Texas, but at the same time, Pamela Geller is not the victim in this situation that were in right now.

She intentionally put that event together in hopes that shed get the response that she received, Ms. Sarsour says.

We prayed, but not one Muslim from the state of Texas went out to protest her, she added. Muslim leaders specifically told people, do not go anywhere near her. Let her do whatever she does. We dont care. And there was no protesting outside  unfortunately, except for these two guys from Arizona, who were already on the radar of the FBI anyway.

Advocates have tried to counter Gellers free political expressions with ad campaigns of a different tone. In 2012, a coalition called Rabbis for Human Rights responded to her support the civilized man poster with an opposing message that read, In the choice between love and hate, choose love. Help stop bigotry against our Muslim neighbors.

And last week, the makers of the satirical film The Muslims Are Coming! launched a humorous series of subway and bus ads to counter Geller's. The Muslims are coming, and they shall strike with hugs so fierce, youll end up calling your grandmother and telling her that you love her.

But in an era in which the Islamic State, the Tsarnaev trial, and the lingering aftermath of 9/11 still inflame fears about Islam, many worry that Sundays violence will exacerbate the current tensions.

Free speech is about being open to listening to the ideas you hate the most, that you disagree with the most, and I feel this group in particular is hiding behind this free speech rhetoric, Coonfield says. This cant become the poster child for Christianity versus Islam or the West versus the Middle East. We have to maintain a space where groups that have very different ways of thinking and viewing the world can still come together to talk about it, without resorting to this kind of craziness.",1
3627,World's newspapers react to 'Hebdo' attack,"The world watched in shock on Wednesday as French satirical publication Charlie Hebdo became the site of a grisly terror attack. Gunmen opened fire on a second-floor editorial meeting, killing 12 people in total. Among them were eight journalists and two police officers.

Journalists felt their profession under fire, and several newspapers are taking to their front pages to react. Editorial cartoons, somber black covers and powerful photos from the attack are seen on pages around the world.

The Independent covers their paper with a fictional cover of Charlie Hebdo.

Libration in Paris said ""We are all Charlie.""

The Times of London's calls it ""attack on freedom.""",1
909,"Closed primaries, 'warped' democracy?","Political parties choose their presidential nominees. But with more Americans opting out of parties, is the process representative of what America wants? The New York primary  and others ahead  offer insights.

How SNL's 'the bubble' sketch about polarization is all too true

Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders speaks to supporter Michael Cantalupo while taking a walk in New York's Times Square Tuesday. Mr. Cantalupo said he is unable to vote in the New York primaries

Denise Guardascione, a waitress for nearly three decades at the Shalimar Diner in Queens, thinks the New York primary process was rigged.

Shes a vocal supporter of Republican front-runner Donald Trump, but as a registered Democrat, Ms. Guardascione missed the deadline to switch her registration to become a Republican  which, shocking to her, was more than six months ago.

And now, the independent-minded waitress has become bewildered by what seems to be the complicated, back-room system of electing party delegates both in her own state and across the country.

Its antiquated, it belongs in the Smithsonian, next to Archie Bunkers chair! says Ms. Guardascione, a Queens native who works six days a week slinging eggs and coffee for this well-known political haunt. Its just for the [expletive] bigwigs and muckety mucks, not us, not the people who just want to vote.

In truth, presidential primaries have never been more open. Since 1972, primaries have gone from being the province of party bosses to vibrant voter-driven contests. But in this year of populist revolt in both parties, more open looks to many voters like still pretty antiquated.

That is by design. Parties, after all, are not democratic. They can choose their nominees in whichever way they think is best. But at a time when Democrats and Republicans are a shrinking share of the population, closed primaries are shutting more and more of America out.

The irony is that America is no less partisan. Research suggests the growing ranks of independents are just as partisan as the parties. These voters have just abandoned parties because they are ashamed by how the parties act.

The anger over closed primaries, superdelegates, and convention arcana isnt likely to help. (Nor are allegations of irregularities in the New York primary. On Thursday, the state's Elections Board suspended the top official in charge of Brooklyn after numerous allegations, the most serious of which is that 125,000 Democratic voters were incorrectly purged from the rolls before polls opened.)

The question is, whether the spotlight of this election could force further change ahead, both in states and in the nation.

New York and other states have long given power to the parties and to the establishment, says Jeanne Zaino, a political scientist at Iona College in New Rochelle, N.Y. But who has higher voting turnout? States that have early voting, states that have mail in ballots and same day registration. We in New York allow none of that. This was not just a closed primary, this was an ultra-closed primary. Whether youre running for office or voting, you had to be on top of your game to be a part of it.

The knock against closed primaries in this election season has been that they hurt insurgent candidates like Trump and Bernie Sanders. But the picture isnt so simple.

Yes, Senator Sanders of Vermont has done much better among independents. But his biggest wins  in Hawaii, Alaska, and Washington state  all came in closed primaries or caucuses.

Trump, meanwhile, has in many cases actually done better among Republicans than independents.

What is clear is that the primary rules disenfranchise those who most dislike the parties. So why is Sanders doing so well among independents? asks Dan Hopkins of the FiveThirtyEight data journalism website. It appears to be driven not by their ideology so much as their dislike of partisan politics.

In one respect, that makes sense. Why would parties give vote to someone who doesnt like them?

Yet those people are a growing share of the American electorate. Some 39 percent Americans now identify as independents; 32 percent say theyre Democrats, and 23 percent say theyre Republicans, according to a Pew Research Center survey last year.

In 2000, 29 percent were independents, 33 percent were Democrats, and 28 percent were Republicans, Pew found

In Tuesdays closed primary, three million people in the state of New York who are independents have lost their right to vote in the Democratic or Republican primary, Sanders said. Thats wrong.

It almost certainly hurt Sanders. In Michigan, for example, Hillary Clinton won the Democratic vote by 58 to 40 percent  similar to the 58 to 42 percent margin in New York. But since Michigan was an open primary where independents could vote, Sanders won the state by taking 71 percent of independent voters.

Eight of the 16 remaining primary contests  including Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Maryland  are closed contests.

Sanders and his supporters have also complained about the fact that 15 percent of the delegates to the Democratic National Convention  712 out of 4,763  are party leaders known as superdelegates, who overwhelmingly support Mrs. Clinton.

In short, the deck is stacked against Sanders. And intentionally so.

Sanders isnt a Democrat; hes an independent who describes himself as a democratic socialist. It is not illogical that Democratic primaries should favor an actual Democrat.

The same is true, in different ways, for Trump. The GOP front-runner won a solid victory in New York. But he's getting little help from the establishment in navigating the complex delegate rules  rules that he says are rigged. Meanwhile, the well-organized campaign of Sen. Ted Cruz outmaneuvered him in Louisiana and swept Colorados state convention contest.

Presidents have always gone through a complex, multilayered processes in which voters, local officials, and party leaders each have their role, scholars say. Party leaders should have no small say in choosing their partys presidential nominee, the thinking goes.

But even within the parties, there is some restlessness for change. Closed primaries poison the health of that system and warp its natural balance, said Charles Schumer (D) of New York, now the No. 2 Democrat in the Senate, to The New York Times in 2014.

As Americas political balance increasingly settles outside either of the two parties, 2016 is showing how even a more open system can be warped.

And if part of that story is about disenfranchisement, it is about these younger voters, people who are new to the process, or who disengaged from it and didnt register, or registered as independent and couldnt vote, says Professor Zaino.

Youre talking about Sanders supporters who are going to be on the losing end of that.",1
1522,Donald Trump: Hillary Clinton has 'caused tremendous death',"Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has a new attack line against Hillary Clinton: ""She has caused death.""

Trump raised the stakes against Clinton on CBS' ""Face the Nation"" Sunday, insisting that as secretary of State in President Obama's first term, Clinton's decisions led to unnecessary deaths on both sides in the Middle East.

""Shehas caused tremendous death with incompetent decisions,"" Trump said. ""She caused a lot of the problems that we have right now.You could say she caused the migration.

""The entire world has been upset.The entire world, it's a different place.During Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton's term, she's done a horrible job.""

As he has said before, Trump argued that getting rid of Saddam Hussein in Iraq -- a policy of Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush -- has led to the rise of the Islamic State.""All of this has led to tremendous death and destruction,"" he said. ""And she, for the most part, was in charge of it, along with Obama.""

Trump acknowledgedthat by calling for a ban on Muslim immigration to the United States, he was giving radical Islam a rallying cry. The terrorist group al-Shabaab is now using a clip of Trump in calling for Muslims to join jihad orleave the U.S.

""What am I going to do?I have to say what I have to say,"" Trump said. ""And you know what I have to say?There's a problem.We have to find out what is the problem.And we have to solve that problem.""

During the interview, Trump also disagreed with Obama on the need for more gun control -- particularly if the president tries to move the issue by executive action rather than working with a recalcitrant Congress.""All they want to do is blame the guns.And it's not the gun that pulls the trigger,"" he said. ""So I don't like it.I don't like what he's doing.""

Rather than fiddle with the Second Amendment, Trump said mental health is the problem. ""Weshould build, like, institutions for people that are sickos,"" he said. ""We have sickos all over the place.And that's the problem.""

Despite his lead in national polls, Trump said he will spend about $2 million per week on advertising in the coming weeks leading to the Iowa caucuses and the New Hampshire primary.""I think I'm probably wasting the money,"" he said. ""But I'm $35 million under budget.... I almost feel guilty.""",1
1834,Biden makes another surprise political stop,"On this day in 1973, J. Fred Buzhardt, a lawyer defending President Richard Nixon in the Watergate case, revealed that a key White House tape had an 18...",1
1775,"Hillary Clinton's declining favorability numbers, in context","Buried beneath Wednesday's eye-popping headlines about Hillary Clinton's sinking favorability ratings, you'll find the reason that she's still on course to win the Democratic primary.

First, the headline number: A new Washington Post/ABC News poll shows that 53 percent of Americans have an unfavorable view of Clinton, an 8 percentage point increase since July. Her favorable rating has declined by 7 percentage points to 45 percent over the same period of time, and the split among registered voters is even worse for her, at 56 percent unfavorable to 43 percent favorable. A majority of women (51 percent) now view her unfavorably. None of that is good news for Clinton.

She's been on a pretty steady drop from the moment she left the State Department in early 2013. That was a foreseeable outcome of Clinton moving back into domestic partisan politics after four years of representing America's interests abroad. Ellen Tauscher, a former member of Congress and undersecretary of state, warned Clinton that would happen in a private conversation about Clinton's political future in September 2011, when about two-thirds of Americans rated her favorably.

But what's apparent  and of more immediate interest to Clinton  is that she's still better regarded among Democrats than Vice President Joe Biden, who is still weighing whether to run against her. Biden's dead-even 46 percent to 46 percent favorable/unfavorable rating is better than Clinton's, but the edge is based on him having higher numbers with Republicans and independents, the vast majority of whom won't vote in the Democratic primaries.

A full 80 percent of Democrats view Clinton favorably, compared with 70 percent who feel that way about Biden. Her number among African Americans is 79 percent, and it's 68 percent among Hispanics. By comparison, Biden is viewed favorably by just 67 percent of African Americans and 49 percent of Hispanics.

That helps explain why Clinton is blowing her Democratic competition out of the water in national horse-race polls. She was up 35 percentage points in a head-to-head matchup with Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders in a PPP poll conducted August 28 to 30 and held a 45-22-18 lead over Sanders and Biden in a Quinnipiac survey conducted from August 20 to 25.

She's also doing much better on the favorability scale than either Republican frontrunner Donald Trump or former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush. Trump checked in with a favorable number that has risen to 37 percent, about the same as Bush's 38 percent. Trump had an unfavorable score of 59 percent, while Bush was at 55 percent.

The Clinton ship has taken on water. But, along with other recent surveys, this poll tell us that Clinton is still running away with her party's nomination and remains in better position than any of her Republican or Democratic rivals to advance to the all-important second round of the presidential race. For someone who lost the 2008 primary in part because she looked ahead to the general election, it makes sense to focus on winning the primary first in 2016. On that score, she's still in great shape.",1
3363,Hillary Clinton: The criminal investigation keeps moving forward,"While the country has been fixated on Donald Trump's tormenting his Republican primary opponents and deeply concerned about the governments efforts to identify any confederates in the San Bernardino, California, killings, a team of federal prosecutors and FBI agents continues to examine Hillary Clintons tenure as secretary of state in order to determine whether she committed any crimes and, if so, whether there is sufficient evidence to prove her guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.

What began as an innocent Freedom of Information Act request by Judicial Watch, a D.C.-based public advocacy group promoting transparency in the executive branch, has now become a full criminal investigation, with Clinton as the likely target.

The basic facts are well-known, but the revealed nuances are important, as well. When the State Department responded to the Judicial Watch FOIA request by telling Judicial Watch that it had no emails from Clinton, Judicial Watch filed a lawsuit. When the State Department made the same representation to the court -- as incredible as it seemed at the time -- the judge accepted that representation, and the case was dismissed.

Then The New York Times revealed that Clinton used a private email server instead of the governments server for all of her work-related and personal emails during her four years as secretary of state. After that, the Judicial Watch FOIA case was reinstated, and then the judge in the case demanded of State that it produce Clintons emails.

When Judicial Watch expressed frustration to the judge about the pace at which it was getting emails, the judge ordered Clinton, under penalty of perjury, to certify that she had surrendered all her governmental emails to the State Department.

Eventually, Clinton did certify to the court that she did surrender all of her governmental emails to the State Department. She did so by sending paper copies of selected emails, because she had wiped clean her server. She acknowledged that she decided which emails were personal and which were selected as governmental and returned the governmental ones to the State Department. She has denied steadfastly and consistently that she ever sent or received any materials marked ""classified while secretary of state using her private server.

All of her behavior has triggered the FBI investigation because she may have committed serious federal crimes. For example, it is a crime to steal federal property. What did she steal? By diverting to her own venue the digital metadata that accompany all emails -- metadata that, when attached to the work-related emails of a government employee, belong to the government -- she stole that data. The metadata do not appear on her paper copies -- hence the argument that she stole and destroyed the government-owned metadata.

This is particularly troublesome for her present political ambitions because of a federal statute that disqualifies from public office all who have stolen federal property. (She is probably already barred from public office -- though this was not prominently raised when she entered the U.S. Senate or the Department of State -- because of the china, silverware and furniture that she and her husband took from the White House in January 2001.)

Clinton may also have committed espionage by failing to secure the government secrets entrusted to her. She did that by diverting those secrets to an unprotected, nongovernmental venue -- her own server -- and again by emailing those secrets to other unprotected and nongovernmental venues. The reason she can deny sending or receiving anything marked ""classified is that protected government secrets are not marked classified.

So her statement, though technically true, is highly misleading. The governmental designations of protected secrets are confidential, secret and top secret -- not classified. State Department investigators have found 999 emails sent or received by Clinton in at least one of those three categories of protected secrets.

Back when Clinton became secretary of state, on her first day in office, she had an hourlong FBI briefing on the proper and lawfully required care of government secrets. She signed a statement, under penalty of perjury, acknowledging that she knew the law and that it is the content of emails, not any stamped markings, that makes them secret.

Earlier this week, my Fox News colleagues confirmed the certain presence of top-secret materials among the 999 emails. Intelligence from foreign sources or about foreign governments is always top-secret, whether designated as such or not. And she knows that.

As well, she may have committed perjury in the FOIA case. When the House Select Committee on Benghazi, in its investigation of her role in the deaths of the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three other Americans, gathered emails, it found emails she did not surrender to the State Department.

Last week, the State Department released emails that give the FBI more areas to investigate. These emails may show a pattern of official behavior by Clinton designed to benefit the financial interests of her family's foundation, her husband and her son-in-law. Moreover, the FBI knows of a treasure-trove of documents that may demonstrate that the Clinton Foundation skirted the law and illegally raised and spent contributions.

Two months ago, a group of FBI agents sat around a conference table and reviewed the evidence gathered thus far. Each agent was given the opportunity to make or detract from the case for moving forward. At the end of the meeting, it was the consensus of the group to pursue a criminal investigation.

And Clinton is the likely target.

Andrew P. Napolitano, a former judge of the Superior Court of New Jersey, is the senior judicial analyst at Fox News Channel.",1
1084,Rubios parting shot at Trump,"It was not supposed to end like this for Marco Rubio.

Eleven months ago, he launched his presidential campaign in front of Miamis Freedom Tower, the Ellis Island for his and other Cuban families. In his rapid rise, young Rubio had been a darling of both the tea party movement and the conservative intelligentsia  the Republicans best hope of attracting nonwhite voters.

But then came vulgar Donald Trump. Rubio was savaged on everything from immigration to his height. On Tuesday night, Rubio, his campaign fading, lost his home state of Florida to the bigoted demagogue who makes scapegoats of foreigners and minorities. Bowing to the inevitable, Rubio ended his candidacy.

By the time Rubios campaign bus rolled to its final pre-primary stop  an outdoor basketball court here where he played as a boy  only a couple-hundred supporters were on hand, nearly equaled by the number of journalists on death watch.

Before Rubio arrived, a prankster hijacked the microphone and was chased off by campaign aides. When Rubio himself spoke, the sound system failed, so he delivered his valedictory with a bullhorn.

[The GOP establishment has failed. Its up to voters to deny Trump.]

Rubios voice sounded tinny, but his words were rich with nostalgia as he recalled knocking on doors when he ran for city commissioner here. In between sips of sweet Cuban coffee, I heard the stories of their youth, of the dreams they lost, he said. That has carried me every single day throughout this campaign, knowing that my worst days are better than some of the best days that many people in this community have had.

These are not the best days for Rubio, or for anybody who cares about American democracy. The 44-year-old made mistakes during his campaign: freezing in the New Hampshire debate, failing to take on Trump earlier, then finally attacking Trump by joking about genitalia.

Yet he finished honorably. He spoke reflectively Monday about Trumps brutal transformation of politics. This message should have been delivered much earlier, but it deserves to be heard even now.

Leadership is not about going to an angry and frustrated people and saying you should be even angrier and more frustrated, and you should be angry and frustrated at each other, Rubio told a gym full of Christian college students in West Palm Beach. Thats called demagoguery. And its dangerous. It leads, he said, to where we are today, a nation where people literally hate each other because theyre voting for different candidates. ... And it leaves us incapable of solving problems.

Trump tore up the norms of decency that remained in American politics, and Rubio expressed puzzlement that it worked. My whole life Ive been told being humble is a virtue, and now being humble is a weakness and being vain and self-absorbed is somehow a virtue, he said. My whole life Ive been told no matter how you feel about someone, you respect everyone because we are all children of the same God  and now being respectful to one another is considered political correctness.

Rubio voiced regret for his own role in the vulgarity, saying he felt terrible for joking about Trumps penis size. Such remorse separates Rubio from Trump, who seems to have no shame as he blurts obscenities, delivers insults and winks at violence. There are people, I know, who like this stuff because he says what they want to be able to say, [but] presidents cant say whatever they want to say, Rubio told the students, mentioning the harm to Americas reputation that Trump has already done. Were not a Third World country. Were the United States of America.

[Donald Trump just threatened more violence. Only this time, its directed at the GOP.]

Thats the welcoming country to which Rubios parents immigrated, settling among the shoe-box homes here in Cuban West Miami. Everywhere I go I tell the story of this community of people, many of whom lost their country in their youth, Rubio said Monday night in his boyhood park, his kids beside him in the bed of his Dodge pickup.

He spoke, in English, then in Spanish, with the requisite optimism, telling supporters he looked forward to moving his caja china  Cuban barbecue  to the White House.

If theres no car, well go in a raft! a supporter said in Spanish.

Another said in English: Dont give up, man!

But Rubios speech to his modest band had the ring of a farewell. I will always be a son of this community. I will always carry with me the hopes and dreams of generations that made possible the dreams of mine, he said. His candidacy, he said, was possible because you and I happen to live in the one place on Earth where even the son of a bartender and a maid from West Miami can be president.

Or at least he can lose to a trash-talking rich guy from Queens.

Read more from Dana Milbanks archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
4410,Loretta Lynch becomes first African-American woman AG.,"Washington (CNN) Loretta Lynch was sworn in as the new U.S. attorney general on Monday, replacing Eric Holder. Lynch, the country's first African-American woman to serve in the role, had her nomination held up more than five months over politicking in the Senate.

""Ladies and gentlemen, it's about time,"" said Vice President Joe Biden at the swearing in ceremony.

The highly politicized five-month battle to choose Obama's next attorney general came to a close Thursday when the Senate finally voted 56-43 to confirm Lynch

But the delay of her nomination neared record-breaking proportions. Republicans leading the Senate refused to bring her nomination up for a vote until Democrats cut a deal on abortion language in an unrelated bill. That legislation passed Wednesday, setting up Thursday's vote and ending the latest partisan Washington standoff.

Ten Republicans, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, joined Democrats. Texas GOP Sen. Ted Cruz was the only senator not to vote.

Obama tapped Lynch to replace Attorney General Eric Holder in November and her nomination cleared the Senate Judiciary Committee in February. Still, she waited longer than the seven most recent U.S. attorneys general combined for a vote on the Senate floor, after Majority Leader Mitch McConnell insisted on first finishing work on an unrelated bill.

Loretta Lynch's father, Lorenzo A. Lynch, was in the Senate gallery watching when the historic vote took place confirming her daughter as the first African American female attorney general.

""The good guys won. That's what has happened in this country all along,"" Lorenzo Lynch told reporters. ""Even during slavery. Levi Coffin was a founder of the Underground Railroad. Even during slavery. A white man fought against slavery. So all over this land good folks have stood in the right lane, in the right path.""

A two-time U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York, Lynch takes on the high-profile job at time when America faces a series of challenges, from dealing with strained relations and deep distrust in some cities between the police and the communities they serve, to criminal justice reform, to confronting the ongoing threat of terrorism.

Lynch, 55, has earned a reputation as a highly qualified, but low-profile prosecutor who has a good relationship with law enforcement and a history of handling tough cases well.

She is a good listener and a skilled consensus builder, qualities that will help her succeed at Justice, said Tim Heaphy, a former U.S. attorney for the Western District of Virginia who served under Lynch on the Attorney General's Advisory Committee, a group that meets regularly to advise the Justice department on policy matters.

""In that [attorney general] job you are at the center of so many of the emerging, significant, pressing issues not only in this country but around the world. There's probably no job in government as diverse and challenging as being attorney general of the United States,"" Heaphy said. He added that building support for initiatives both within and outside the department is an important part of the job.

""She will be good at getting people to work well together. I think that's a strength of hers. I saw that on the committee,"" Heaphy said.

Lynch's portfolio will include addressing voting rights, white-collar crime and policy reviews, as well as public corruption, an area in which she has vast experience.

In a statement, Obama said America will be better off with Lynch leading the Department of Jusice.

""Loretta's confirmation ensures that we are better positioned to keep our communities safe, keep our nation secure, and ensure that every American experiences justice under the law,"" Obama said in a statement shortly after the vote.

Lynch's experience on civil rights case, like helping win the convictions of New York City police officers who sexually assaulted Haitian immigrant Abner Louima, will be important as her office tackles closely watched investigations in recent police conduct cases, including the still unexplained death of a 25-year-old Baltimore man while in police custody.

""She's seen and understands the injustices that have taken place in the past and so therefore she's uniquely also equipped to deal with what's going on and do the kinds of investigations that will restore faith to Americans in their justice system,"" said Rep. Greg Meeks, D-New York.

Born in Greensboro, North Carolina, Lynch grew up 60 miles to the east in Durham, North Carolina. Her father was a fourth-generation Baptist minister; her mother, an English teacher and school librarian. As a child, Lynch rode on her father's shoulders to his church, which served a meeting place for students organizing anti-segregation boycotts in the early 1960s, she told the Judiciary panel at her January confirmation hearing. Lynch eventually graduated from Harvard College and Harvard Law School.

Speaking at her nomination announcement in November, Lynch highlighted the fact that the Justice Department is named for an ideal.

""This is actually appropriate, because our work is both aspirational, and grounded in gritty reality,"" she said. ""Today, I stand before you so thrilled, and, frankly, so humbled to have the opportunity to lead this group of wonderful people who work all day and well into the night to make that ideal a manifest reality.""

At a conference meeting with all the nation's U.S. attorneys a few years ago, Heaphy was put in charge of organizing a presentation showing the attorneys as they were 20 years before. Lynch shared a picture of herself with her college cheerleading squad.

""Loretta sent me a picture of her as a Harvard cheerleader in a pyramid,"" he said. ""She was comfortable sharing this with Eric Holder and other department leaders. She laughed at herself.""

""I don't think she's just tough, there's a humanity, there's a human touch that she has that will also serve her well,"" he said. ""Nobody is going to mistake that she's in charge, but her humility and sense of humor will come through.""",1
2669,Why it's funny Republicans are upset with Facebook: Column,"GOP opposes the kind of antitrust regulation that would preserve freedom of expression online.

Americas right wing is in a frothabout allegations that Facebook has tweaked its trending news feed to reduce the visibility of conservative news sites.

Its not clear if the allegations, from a Gizmodo report based on anonymous sources, are true and Facebook denies them. But the deeper problem is undeniably real: Facebook is the dominant member of a small number of giant entities  corporate and governmental  that are gaining control over news, freedom of expressionand much of our digital lives. The irony is that the conservatives and business-backed Republicans in Congress who howl about Facebook are the same people who have thwarted policies that would encourage the competition we need to challenge that increasingly centralized control.

Almost no one wants to address the fact that Facebook is becoming a monopoly in the antitrust sense of the word. Along with Google, it dominates online advertising; Facebook especially does so on mobile devices, which are the way many people connect to the Internet. If you offer news and information online, you have almost no choice but to play on Facebooks fieldbecause so much of your audience is there. (In some parts of the world, Facebook essentially is the Internet, because mobile devices are pretty much the sole means of online accessand in some cases the company has made deals with local telecommunications companies and,or governments.)

Facebook has been buying everything that presents even a whiff of competition: Instagram, WhatsApp, Oculus. This is smart  no one can dispute that Mark Zuckerberg and the others on his team are brilliant technologists and strategists  but its also a red flag. As Zuckerberg famously said several years ago, he wants Facebook to be like electricity. Well, electricity is a utility. And we regulate utilities.

Monopolies and cozy oligopolies never turn out well in the long run for anyone but the monopolists or cartel members. They end up controlling markets and do their best to thwart genuine competition. Its their nature. Which is why capitalism, plainly the best system when its working right, needs rules to promote competition.

Yet Republicans, in general, think the government should play little to no role in promoting competition. They consider antitrust inquiry and enforcement to be counterproductive, at best  except, of course, when a powerful constituent (a corporation, usually) is in danger from predatory behavior.

That attitude accounts for the GOPs cheerleading for corporate dominance of Internet access. Republicans, in general, are fine with the idea that one or two companies (say the leading cable provider and another telecom) should control access in most communities, and utterly opposed to a remedy  what we call network neutrality  to ensure that people at the edges of networks, not dominant Internet service providers, should decide what information they want and at what priority.

I dont want the government to tell Facebook what it can publishand dont look forward to much more than posturing from Congress. But I do want the government to start paying extremely close attention to the way the company is becoming a monopolyand to what it means for freedom of expression when a single company has so much power over what people say online. I want government to use antitrust and other pro-competition laws to ensure that Facebook doesnt abuse its dominance in a business sense. I want government(s) to promote open technology and communications, and fierce competition at every level. Kudos to Zuckerberg for making Facebook so appealing to millions of users; thats an amazing achievement.But we cant allow Facebook to leverage that success to block the emergence of alternatives to its service, or use its market power to influence or alter the content of publications and others trying to communicate with Facebook users.

We all need to wake up to the potential threat Facebook poses to freedom of expression. Once you are in its enclosed online space, it is the corporations terms of service, not the First Amendment, that determines what you can say. If it decides to downplay speech it doesnt like, Facebook has the right to do so.

So Im glad that conservatives are concerned, even if the allegations prove overblown. (Facebook has modified its outright denial to a were looking into it stance; stay tuned.)Id be even happier if conservatives realized that government does have a role in promoting genuine competition  and that were in uncharted information-freedom territory under the new control freaks of Silicon Valley.

Dan Gillmor teaches digital media literacy at Arizona State University. He is the author of Mediactive. He wrote this for Zocalo Public Square.

In addition to its own editorials, USA TODAY publishes diverse opinions from outside writers, including ourBoard of Contributors. To read more columns, go to theOpinion front pageand follow us on Twitter@USATOpinion.",1
3648,FBI checking if Orlando shooter's wife knew attack plan but didn't warn police,"The wife of the gunman who carried out the deadliest mass shooting on American soil could face criminal charges if investigators conclude that she knew of the attack in advance but failed to warn police.

Noor Zahi Salman told that FBI that her husband, Omar Mateen, had said he was going out to see friends, but she feared he was going to attack a gay nightclub, NBC News reported on Wednesday. She tried to talk him out of it but did not contact law enforcement agencies.

Wielding an AR-15-style semiautomatic rifle and a handgun, Mateen opened fire at the Pulse club in Orlando, Florida, early on Sunday in a three-hour shooting rampage and hostage siege that ended when a Swat team smashed its way in and killed him. There were 49 people killed and 53 were injured.

Angus King, a member of the Senate intelligence committee, which received a briefing on the attack, told CNN: It appears she [Salman] had some knowledge of what was going on. She definitely is, I guess you would say, a person of interest right now and appears to be cooperating and can provide us with some important information.

Peter King, chairman of the House homeland security subcommittee on counterintelligence and terrorism, told MSNBC: If its true that she did know that it was going to happen and she tried to talk him out of it, then its possible criminal action (could be taken) against her, and again there might be more involvement by her, so all that has to be investigated.

The possibility that Mateen, 29, did not act alone but received support from other individuals or groups is now central to the FBIs inquiry, King added. If theres anybody else that he was dealing with, anyone else he was talking with, anyone else who may have known about this, this is all where the investigation is going now.

Media reports also suggested that Salman was with her husband when he bought ammunition and a holster. She allegedly told the FBI that she once drove him to Pulse, nearly a two-hour drive from their home in Fort Pierce, Florida, because he wanted to scope it out. Mateen is said to have browsed militant Islamist material on the internet for at least two years before the mass shooting.

As detectives tried to piece together Mateens last movements on Saturday night, Orlando mayor Buddy Dyer, who opened a family assistance centre in a stadium on Wednesday, said: What I know concretely is that he was driving around that evening and visited several locations.

The FBI director, James Comey, has said the agency is trying to determine whether Mateen had recently visited Disney World, one of the Orlandos celebrated theme parks, to consider it as a potential target.

Disney, which is donating $1m to an official fund for victims of the shooting, installed metal detectors last December but declined to comment on the Mateen case. A spokesperson said: Unfortunately weve all been living in a world of uncertainty, and we have been increasing our security measures across our properties for some time, adding such visible safeguards as magnetometers, additional canine units, and law enforcement officers on site, as well as less visible systems that employ state-of-the-art security technologies.

Salman will be key to the ongoing investigation as conflicting narratives emerge, including evidence he had been influenced by militant Islamist ideas and reports he might have struggled with his own sexual identity.

A survivor of the massacre, Patience Carter, suggested on Tuesday that Mateen had an overt political motive. Cowering in a bathroom, she heard him demand that Americans stop bombing his country and pledge allegiance to Islamic State, she said.

Carter, 20, who is African American, told reporters at Florida Hospital: He even spoke to us directly in the bathroom. He said, Are there any black people in here? I was too afraid to answer but there was an African American male in the stall, where the majority of my body was, who had answered and he said, Yes, there are about six or seven of us, and the gunman responded back to him and said: You know, I dont have a problem with black people. This is about my country. You guys suffered enough.

The account chimed with previous FBI statements that Mateen had called the 911 emergency service and made reference to both Isis and the Tsarnaev brothers, who were responsible for the Boston bombings. Investigators have said Mateen was probably self-radicalised and there is no evidence that he received any instruction or aid from outside groups such as Isis.

Mateen also called a local 24-hour cable news channel, News 13, the station revealed on its website on Wednesday. Matthew Gentili, who was the producer on duty at the time, recalled that Mateen said: Im the shooter. Its me. I am the shooter ... I did it for Isis. I did it for the Islamic State.

Soon after the attack, Mateens father indicated that his son had strong anti-gay feelings. He recounted an incident when his son became angry when he saw two men kissing in downtown Miami while out with his wife and young son.

Several media reports quoted men as saying they had seen Mateen at Pulse many times or that he had contacted them via gay dating apps, such as Grindr and Jackd. But Pulse denied that he had ever been a patron. Untrue and totally ridiculous, spokeswoman Sara Brady said in an email to Reuters.

Mateens ex-wife, Sitora Yusufiy, told CNN she did not know if he was gay but added: Well, when we had gotten married, he confessed to me about his past that was recent at that time and that he very much enjoyed going to clubs and the nightlife and there was a lot of pictures of him.

I feel like its a side of him or a part of him that he lived but probably didnt want everybody to know about.

Asked by the Guardian about rumours his son was gay, Mateens father Seddique Mateen said: Its not true. Why, if he was gay, would he do this?

Seddique Mateen declined to comment specifically on the investigation on Wednesday, saying: The FBI, they always do a professional job and to the maximum extent of my ability I will support them.

Mateen, investigated twice by the FBI, was on the governments terrorist watchlist for 10 months before being taken off. G4S, the security company that employed Mateen, only psychologically evaluated him once, at the start of his nine-year employment with the company and not again after the company was made aware he had been interviewed by the FBI.

Thirty-three people remain in hospital, including six in critical condition. On Tuesday, the first of the seriously injured to speak of their trauma was Angel Colon at the Orlando Regional Medical Center. Hes shooting everyone thats already dead on the floor, making sure theyre dead, he said, speaking from a wheelchair. I look over, and he shoots the girl next to me. And Im just there laying down and Im thinking: Im next, Im dead.



So I dont know how, but by the glory of God, he shoots toward my head but it hits my hand, and then he shoots me again and it hits the side of my hip. I had no reaction. I was just prepared to just stay there laying down so he wont know that Im alive.

The attending trauma surgeon on call that night, Dr Chadwick Smith, said: It was singularly the worst day of my career and the best day of my career. And I think you can say that of pretty much every person standing up here.

The atrocity continued to reverberate in Washington DC, where Senate Democrats demanded tighter gun controls. Donald Trump, the Republican presumptive nominee, broke ranks with the party by saying he would meet the influential National Rifle Association lobbying group, which has endorsed him, to discuss an idea for restricting gun purchases by people on terrorism watchlists.

Barack Obama, who will visit Orlando on Thursday, launched a blistering assault against Trump over the candidates anti-Muslim rhetoric, which the president described as dangerous and contrary to American values.

Where does this stop? The Orlando killer, one of the San Bernardino killers, the Fort Hood killer, [they] were all US citizens. Are we going to start treating all Muslim Americans differently? ... Putting them under surveillance?",1
596,Handicapping the Hispanic vote for 2016 GOPers,"The last Texas Republican to occupy the Oval Office, George W. Bush, took 49 percent of the states Hispanic vote in his 2004 presidential re-election, setting a relatively high bar for the handful of Texas-born or -raised Republicans who might be hoping to follow in his footsteps in 2016.

Republican presidential aspirants with ties to the Lone Star Statemust figure out how to hold the GOP base and attract conservative Hispanics if they want to be successful in Texas, political observers say.

So how do the party's four most prominent Texas affiliated might-be candidates  former Gov.Rick Perry; Jeb Bush, the son and brother of two former presidents from the state; Texas junior U.S. senator,Ted Cruz; andU.S. Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky  stack up in the early going?

For Republicans to avoid a repeat of 2012, when presidential nominee Mitt Romney took only 27 percent of the Hispanic vote nationwide, they need to nominate a conservative candidate who can go into Hispanic communities and truly connect with voters, said Hector De Leon, co-chairman of theAssociated Republicans of Texas, which reaches out to Hispanic voters.

Its all about paying attention, De Leon said.

Hispanics made up10 percentof the nationalelectorate in the 2012 presidential election. But in Texas, they make upalmost one-thirdof eligible voters. And theres plenty room for improvement when it comes to voter turnout. Only 39 percent of Texas Hispanics eligible to vote cast ballots in 2012.

Political observers say candidates would be right to take a page out of George W. Bushs playbook on Hispanic outreach. Hesolidified hiswinning recordwith Hispanics with help fromLatino-media guruLionel Sosa,who told The Texas Tribune he has been in talks with Jeb Bush about his possible presidential bid.

Sosa helped George W. Bushs campaign craft several television ads that painted him as the candidate who understood Hispanic culture.The candidate who can mobilize on-the-fence Hispanic voters who usually do not turn out to vote could win the state.

I do think the primaries will include a concerted effort by some candidates to speak to that constituency, said Sylvia Manzano, a senior analyst for the nonpartisan political polling organization Latino Decisions. In Texas, thats 10 million people. Thats a number that cannot be ignored.

Though it's still early in the game, many political observers say Jeb Bush is best positioned at the moment. He grew up in Midland, spent much of his childhood in Houston and is consideredfriendlyto the Hispanic community, both personally and politically.

Jeb Bush is not going to come in and play mariachi politics, Manzano said. He knows better than that.

But this far out, all is speculation. As the candidates tiptoe toward the starting gate, here's how several political experts handicap the field.

Alreadyholding a political advantagebecause he is fluent in Spanish, the former Florida governor has experience winning over Hispanics in a state where they make up a large part of the population. During his1998 re-election campaign, Bush won an impressive 61 percent of Florida's Hispanic electorate. It's worth noting, though, that Floridas mostly Cuban Hispanic population differs from Texas, where a majority of Hispanics have roots in Mexico.

What the experts say:

For Bush, reaching out to Texas Hispanics would be an extended family affair. Aside from benefiting from thegroundworkhis family has done in the state, expect to see Bush campaigning with his Mexican-born wife, Columba, and his son, Texas Land CommissionerGeorge P. Bush, at his side. George P.is also fluent in Spanish and helped found Hispanic Republicans of Texas, a political group that recruits and supports Hispanic Republicans running for public office.

Bushs record on issues that resonate with Texas Hispanics, particularly immigration reform, could prove attractive to this voting group. He has urged Congress to pass immigration reform and has highlighted it as akey issuein helping Republicans win Hispanics. He also gained national attention last year when he said many of those entering the country illegally do so out of an act of love for their families.

As the states longest-serving governor, Perry has long courted Texas Hispanics. He has steadily improved his standing since winning only 13 percent of the Hispanic vote when he defeated Hispanic businessman Tony Sanchez of Laredo in 2002. By the time he was re-elected in 2010, Perry pulled in 38 percent of Hispanic voters.

What the experts say:

Perrys efforts to broaden his appeal were buoyed by the passage of the Texas Dream Act during his 14-year tenure. Though the future of the law granting in-state tuition to some undocumented immigrants isunclear, Perry has stood by it both on the national stage and at home. During a 2011 presidential debate, Perry famously told opponents who challenged his support of the law that they had no heart. More recently, as the states new GOP leadership works to overturn the law, Perry has been vocal about hiscontinued supportfor it.

Because hepresided overthe states economic boom in the last decade, Perry has a unique opportunity to appeal to Hispanics on economic issues. If Perry can convince Hispanic voters that they benefited from the so-called Texas Miracle, he may be able to sway some on-the-fence voters his way.

Though he is the only Hispanic in the group  and the first Hispanic senator from Texas  Cruz has largely avoided making heritage part of his political persona beyond recounting his fathers journey to the United States from Cuban as an exile in 1957. Still, he has done well with Texas Hispanics. In 2012, he outperformed Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, taking 35 percent of the Hispanic vote, according to a Latino Decisionspoll.

What the experts say:

Cruz arguably faces the toughest challenge courting Texas Hispanics given his divisive tone on immigration and health care. He has been vocal in his opposition to President Obamas executive order on immigration, which will grant millions of undocumented immigrants work permits and reprieve from deportation proceedings. The order is widely popular among Hispanics. On health care, Cruz has been one of the biggest foes of the federal Affordable Care Act. Texas Hispanics  who make up a large portion of the states uninsured population overwhelmingly supportthe health law.

Though Paul was elected to the Senate from Kentucky, where Hispanics make up only 3 percent of the population, he grew up in Lake Jackson, Texas, where Hispanics are one-fifth of the population. Paul has spent the last few months preaching amessage of Hispanic inclusionwithin the Republican ranks.

What the experts say:

Paul is someone to watch in the upcoming election when it comes to appealing to Texas Hispanics because of his views on growing the GOPs number of Hispanic supporters. Because he is largely unknown among Texas Hispanics, Paul also has some room to improve his standing. A November 2014 poll by Latino Decisions found that almost a third of Texas Latino voters have no opinion of Paul.",1
1569,GOP establishment nightmare? Ted Cruz vs. Donald Trump,"Watch the CNN Republican debate Tuesday, December 15 at 6:00 p.m. ET and 8:30 p.m. ET.

The GOP establishment, confronted by a recalcitrant electorate that refuses to leave Donald Trump, is being forced to take a fresh look at Ted Cruz , a man with grassroots strength in key early primary states and few friends in Washington.

Suddenly, the Republican Party's best hope could be a man hell-bent on transforming it: a senator who openly spars with fellow GOP colleagues, and has campaigned by painting its leaders as spineless and feeble.

Headed into Tuesday's CNN Republican presidential debate, Cruz and Trump have turned Iowa into a two-man race, with the Texan leading in two new polls. Cruz is up 31% to Trump's 21% among likely GOP caucus-goers, according to the Bloomberg Politics-Des Moines Register poll released Saturday. A Fox News poll Sunday has Cruz leading Trump 28% to 26%.

A small and growing number of Republicans allied with the establishment -- the force long thought to quickly consolidate against a surging Cruz bid -- are coming to terms with the idea that he may be palatable in an election cycle where Trump has pushed the envelope well beyond what they considered acceptable.

""Oh God, yes,"" said Ed Rogers, a top Republican lobbyist, when asked if he'd prefer Cruz. ""Compared to Trump, he's OK.""

Establishment Republicans had enough of a problem when Trump began his populist-fueled move to the top of national polls, where he has stubbornly remained for five months. But Cruz's steady rise means that even if Trump were taken out by a well-financed negative campaign, they might have to deal with a stronger Cruz, who has more political polish than the more improvisational Trump.

""If you talk to my peers around town, collectively it's an appreciation the guy is smart as hell,"" explained a senior Washington Republican who is backing another candidate. ""He can be a more acceptable alternative to Trump, if it comes to that.""

The irony hasn't escaped them. Said the Republican: ""It's an interesting life -- and everything's relative.""

""The second he starts to look like a winner in Washington,"" Rogers said, ""he's going to have a bunch of new friends.""

It's a dilemma swatted away on Capitol Hill -- perhaps optimistically.

Asked about choosing Trump or Cruz, 2008 nominee Sen. John McCain would only allow that they are ""smart people."" Bush backer Sen. Susan Collins would just offer that they are ""obviously not my choice.""

And there's no guarantee either one can beat Hillary Clinton.

""He's not as outrageous as Trump, but I don't know that he's any more electable than Trump,"" said Charlie Black, a senior adviser to Republican presidential campaigns for over two decades.

Brian Walsh, a longtime Senate campaign aide, said it's an out-of-control Trump -- not an in-control Cruz -- that explains the Texan's growing appeal.

""Trump has gone so far that it has in some ways masked how problematic Cruz would be as the nominee as well,"" he said.

Despite his background as an Ivy League-educated attorney and his time in the Bush administration, Cruz rose to prominence as a tea party darling who became the national face of the 2013 government shutdown. Cruz has spent the two years since working to salvage his relationship with some potential investors in his campaign, but he has reveled in his image as a Washington bad boy, the only senator willing to do on Capitol Hill what he campaigned on back at home.

It's something that has made him enemies in Washington, where he has not convinced a single Senate colleague to back his campaign. Cruz helped push Republicans to shut down the government in a high-stakes fight over Obamacare, a strategy that failed to get results but didn't cause a predicted electoral meltdown.

On the trail, he has shown no willingness to moderate his positions, bragging about his conservative purity and his rabble-rousing reputation in the Capitol.

But even compared to Cruz's burn-it-down rhetoric, Trump's campaign has been more incendiary and worrisome for party elders determined to beat likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. The mogul had harsh things to say about Hispanics, prisoners of war, women in the media, the disabled, and most recently, Muslims, who he thinks temporarily should not be allowed to enter the United States.

And most concerning for GOP leaders, Trump has frequently floated leaving the Republican Party altogether to mount an independent bid, which would significantly increase Clinton's chances of winning the White House.

The pair appears to be heading toward a clash that Cruz, at least, long sought to delay. On Friday evening, about 24 hours after audio leaked of Cruz questioning Trump's judgment at a private fundraiser, the real estate mogul launched his first attacks on Cruz.

Cruz had attempted to head that off by alleging that mainstream Republicans were trying to sow discord.

""The Establishment's only hope: Trump & me in a cage match,"" he tweeted Friday morning. ""Sorry to disappoint  @realdonaldtrump is terrific. #DealWithIt""

Cruz has done little to woo the Republicans he used as his bogeyman: He has raised the lion's share of his money far from the New York-to-Washington corridor, raced to the party's right flank on every issue of the day, and campaigned loudly on the polarizing social issues that one well-placed Republican said puts some contributors permanently out of reach.

Cruz, on paper, should not be as repellent to the GOP political class as he is. Nurtured by the George W. Bush network in Texas, he served as solicitor general before winning an upset bid in the 2012 Republican U.S. Senate primary.

To Stuart Stevens, the chief strategist for Mitt Romney's 2012 campaign, that resume should theoretically make him attractive to the party's elite.

""At a core of Cruz's candidacy is a great phonyism,"" Stevens said of the self-stylized insurgent. ""You can wear all the plaid shirts and shoot off all the automatic weapons you want, but you're an insider.""

And some of his positions, such as on national security, do hew closely to the party's center. As Cruz held court on MSNBC's ""Morning Joe"" last week, ""you could've sworn he was working for George Herbert Walker Bush on his foreign policy,"" a senior Republican said.

But a leading Republican in frequent touch with high-level donors, said even though those contributors may despise Cruz, they are learning to live with him. ""If that's what we need to do to beat Trump,"" the Republican said, ""then that's what you get.""",1
1178,Bernie Sanders lost poor voters in South Carolina by a big margin  a problem for his political revolution,"Hillary Clinton didn't just take the vast majority of the available delegates in South Carolina on Saturday night. She also took away one of Bernie Sanders's strongest arguments  that he's the candidate who has the most working-class support.

In Iowa and New Hampshire, Sanders had done better than Clinton among voters in the lowest income brackets. That seemed to bolster his claim that his ""political revolution"" could energize millions of new low-income voters who typically don't turn out to vote.

This argument, however, is much less tenable after tonight. Clinton did best among poor voters in South Carolina, taking 82 percent of those who earn under $30,000 on her way to a 37-point victory, according to exit polling by the New York Times.

Here are the results by income, according to the Times:

Of course, this discrepancy is largely driven by Clinton's huge 87-13 margin of victory over black voters. But that's the point  outside of states like Iowa and New Hampshire, many low-income and working-class voters aren't white. Unless Sanders is able to win working-class voters beyond the whitest electorates in the country, his revolution may be over almost as soon as it started.",1
1506,Jeb Bush Picks Up Endorsement From Lindsey Graham,"Former GOP presidential hopeful Linsdey Graham has announced his endorsement of Jeb Bush for president.

Graham's presidential campaign went nowhere, but as a senator from the early voting state of South Carolina he hopes to still have some clout.

Graham praised Bush's temperament Friday morning, following Thursday night's GOP debate. ""He hasn't tried to get ahead in a contested primary by embracing demagoguery ... he's not running to be commander-in-chief by running people down,"" he said.

That was clearly a reference to Donald Trump. Bush returned the admiration, calling Graham a ""patriot.""

""He loves this country. You just hear it how he spoke from his heart about what's at stake here. What's at stake is our way of life,"" Bush said.

Jeb Bush  still slumping in polls  has been looking for a way to jump-start his campaign, but an endorsement from a former candidate who couldn't break through either probably won't give Bush the upswing he needs.

With the Iowa caucuses fewer than three weeks away, he's polling behind Trump, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and Ben Carson both nationally and in Iowa. Bush was unable to stand out from the field once again at Thursday's Republican presidential debate. And Bush's donors are reportedly getting skittish, saying it's only a matter of time before he drops out. Politico reported that several donors said they are now waiting for what one former George W. Bush administration appointee described as a ""family hall pass"" to switch to another campaign after the New Hampshire primary.",1
1641,"2016 Republican race enters a new, volatile phase","The fight for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination appears to be moving into a new, more fluid phase.

No longer is the question merely whether or how Donald Trump can be stopped.

The recent rise in the polls of retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson  Trumps low-key stylistic opposite  has shown that the celebrity billionaire may not be the only one who can tap the appetite of many in the partys angry base for an outsider.

And after Wednesdays chaotic and freewheeling debate, there also is a new dynamic on the establishment side of the race.

Former Florida governor Jeb Bushs once-formidable campaign appears to be nearing a state of collapse, made worse by his flailing on the stage in Colorado.

That has provided an opening to his onetime ally, Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida, who is getting a new look from the party establishment  an ironic situation, given Rubios roots as an insurgent tea party favorite in 2010.

Marco Rubio now has probably the best shot to emerge as the mainstream alternative to Trump and Carson, said Ari Fleischer, who was press secretary for President George W. Bush.

More broadly, Fleischer, who is not committed to any of the 2016 candidates, predicted that the GOP is about to enter a condensed version of where it was four years ago, where the party is volatile and shopping around.

That could help Ted Cruz, who also made a strong showing in the debate. The firebrand senator from Texas, widely despised by the Washington Republican hierarchy, is looking to nudge out Trump and Carson among voters who are looking for a candidate to supplant the old order.

I dont think the party is going to nominate anybody who has not been elected before, said Stuart Stevens, who was a top strategist for 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney.

Also likely to force some clarity in the coming weeks is the calendar. The first contest, in Iowa, is barely more than three months away.

So the focus for all the leading contenders will have to shift, from raising their profiles nationally to refining the strategies and organization it will take to put specific states in their column.

The campaign is really in anuts-and-bolts stage, said Trumps campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski. Its about getting on the ballot, organizing, and making sure people understand what caucuses are in Iowa and other states and teach them how to participate. Its about getting people committed and ready.

Lewandowski said Trumps campaign is already hiring staff for states that do not hold their primaries until March.

Our approach is to execute and meet the criteria to get on the ballot in all 50 states, in five territories and in the District of Columbia. Thats a full-time job, he added. This campaign is doing all of the things necessary for long-term success.

At the same time, Trump seemed to be moderating and refining his message as he campaigned outside Reno, Nev., Thursday afternoon.

Where he previously has devoted his rallies to slinging insults at his opponents and boasting about his poll numbers, Trump focused instead on describing the professional and life experience he would bring to the White House.

He also cited issues where he claimed to have led before it was a popular thing to do  including opposing the Iraq war and aggressively combating illegal immigration.

Thats the kind of thinking we need in the country, Trump said. A lot of the people in the audience, maybe in your small way you have that same thinking.

Bush, campaigning in New Hampshire, insisted that his struggling candidacy should not be counted out. The former Florida governor, who is polling in the single digits almost everywhere, insisted, Were doing fine.

But he appeared to acknowledge that he had not helped his prospects with his showing in the debate.

Look, there are two types of politicians. There are the talkers and there are the doers, Bush told the crowd. I wish I could talk as well as some of the people on the stage, the big personalities on the stage, but Im a doer.

Rubio, meanwhile, must capitalize  quickly  on whatever interest and momentum may be generated by his debate performance. He spent the morning making the rounds of six network and cable television shows and the remainder of the day fundraising in Denver and Chicago. He will be in Iowa on Friday.

On CBS This Morning, Rubio declined to criticize Bush personally and said the differences between the two will be fleshed out in terms of policy.

Im going to continue to tell people who I am, what Im for. There are policy differences between us  well discuss those. Americans deserve to hear those. But Im not going to change my campaign, he said.

Jeb is my friend, I have admiration for him. Im not running against him. Im running for president.

Cruz, meanwhile, is building what GOP insiders say is a strong organization. The campaign says that it has 77,000 volunteers on the ground, with 6,000 in the first four voting states.

Fundraising has also been robust  and was reignited by the debate, during which the senator trained his fire on the CNBC moderators and the media. A Cruz aide said more than $1million had poured in since Wednesday nights debate.

There will be growing pressure on candidates who are getting no traction to get out of the race. On Thursday, for instance, the New York Times editorial board called upon New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie to abandon his bid.

New Jersey is in trouble, and the governor is off pursuing a presidential run thats turned out to be nothing more than a vanity project, the paper wrote. Mr. Christies numbers are in the basement, and hes nearly out of campaign cash. This is his moment, all right: to go home and use the rest of his term to clean out the barn, as Speaker John Boehner would say.

Christie, for his part, tweeted, Cant read the article because I dont have a subscription, but I can tell you this  I am not going anywhere.

Robert Costa in Colorado and JennaJohnson in Nevada contributed to this report.",1
139,"Hands up, dont shoot was built on a lie","The late evening of Aug. 9, 2014, I couldnt sleep. I was due to substitute-anchor MSNBCs UP with Steve Kornacki and should have been asleep. But after looking at my Twitter feed and reading the rage under #Ferguson, I felt compelled to type a reaction to the killing of Michael Brown by police officer Darren Wilson. Tying the shooting to the inane whine of certain politicians about a war on whites, I decried the next morning the death of yet another unarmed black man at the hands of a white police officer.

In those early hours and early days, there was more unknown than known. But this month, the Justice Department released two must-read investigations connected to the killing of Brown that filled in blanks, corrected the record and brought sunlight to dark places by revealing ugly practices that institutionalized racism and hardship. They have also forced me to deal with two uncomfortable truths: Brown never surrendered with his hands up, and Wilson was justified in shooting Brown.

The report on the Ferguson police department detailed abuse and blatant trampling of the constitutional rights of people, mostly African Americans, in Ferguson. Years of mistreatment by the police, the courts and the municipal government, including evidence that all three balanced their books on the backs of the people of Ferguson, were laid bare in 102 damning pages. The overwhelming data from DOJ provided background and much-needed context for why a small St. Louis suburb most had never heard of exploded the moment Brown was killed. His death gave voice to many who suffered in silence.

The unarmed 18-year-old also became a potent symbol of the lack of trust between African Americans and law enforcement. Not just in Ferguson, but in the rest of the country. Lord knows there have been plenty of recentexamples. And the militarized response to protesters by local police put an exclamation point on demonstrators concerns. But the other DOJ report, the one on the actual shooting of Michael Brown, shows him to be an inappropriate symbol.

Through exhaustive interviews with witnesses, cross-checking their statements with previous statements to authorities and the media, ballistics, DNA evidence and results from three autopsies, the Justice Department was able to present a credible and troubling picture of what happened on Canfield Drive. More credible than the grand jury decision to not indict Wilson. The transcript of his grand jury testimony read like so much hand-holding by the prosecution.

What DOJ found made me ill. Wilson knew about the theft of the cigarillos from the convenience store and had a description of the suspects. Brown fought with the officer and tried to take his gun. And the popular hands-up storyline, which isnt corroborated by ballistic and DNA evidence and multiple witness statements, was perpetuated by Witness 101. In fact, just about everything said to the media by Witness 101, whom we all know as Dorian Johnson, the friend with Brown that day, was not supported by the evidence and other witness statements.

Page 6: Brown then grabbed the weapon and struggled with Wilson to gain control of it. Wilson fired, striking Brown in the hand. Autopsy results and bullet trajectory, skin from Browns palm on the outside of the SUV door as well as Browns DNA on the inside of the drivers door corroborate Wilsons account that during the struggle, Brown used his right hand to grab and attempt to control Wilsons gun. According to three autopsies, Brown sustained a close range gunshot wound to the fleshy portion of his right hand at the base of his right thumb. Soot from the muzzle of the gun found embedded in the tissue of this wound coupled with indicia of thermal change from the heat of the muzzle indicate that Browns hand was within inches of the muzzle of Wilsons gun when it was fired. The location of the recovered bullet in the side panel of the drivers door, just above Wilsons lap, also corroborates Wilsons account of the struggle over the gun and when the gun was fired, as do witness accounts that Wilson fired at least one shot from inside the SUV.

Page 8: Although there are several individuals who have stated that Brown held his hands up in an unambiguous sign of surrender prior to Wilson shooting him dead, their accounts do not support a prosecution of Wilson. As detailed throughout this report, some of those accounts are inaccurate because they are inconsistent with the physical and forensic evidence; some of those accounts are materially inconsistent with that witnesss own prior statements with no explanation, credible [or] otherwise, as to why those accounts changed over time. Certain other witnesses who originally stated Brown had his hands up in surrender recanted their original accounts, admitting that they did not witness the shooting or parts of it, despite what they initially reported either to federal or local law enforcement or to the media. Prosecutors did not rely on those accounts when making a prosecutive decision. While credible witnesses gave varying accounts of exactly what Brown was doing with his hands as he moved toward Wilson  i.e., balling them, holding them out, or pulling up his pants up  and varying accounts of how he was moving  i.e., charging, moving in slow motion, or running  they all establish that Brown was moving toward Wilson when Wilson shot him. Although some witnesses state that Brown held his hands up at shoulder level with his palms facing outward for a brief moment, these same witnesses describe Brown then dropping his hands and charging at Wilson.

The DOJ report notes on page 44 that Johnson made multiple statements to the media immediately following the incident that spawned the popular narrative that Wilson shot Brown execution-style as he held up his hands in surrender. In one of those interviews, Johnson told MSNBC that Brown was shot in the back by Wilson. It was then that Johnson said Brown stopped, turned around with his hands up and said, I dont have a gun, stop shooting! And, like that, hands up, dont shoot became the mantra of a movement. But it was wrong, built on a lie.

Yet this does not diminish the importance of the real issues unearthed in Ferguson by Browns death. Nor does it discredit what has become the larger Black Lives Matter. In fact, the false Ferguson narrative stuck because of concern over a distressing pattern of other police killings of unarmed African American men and boys around the time of Browns death. Eric Garner was killed on a Staten Island street on July 17. John Crawford III was killed in a Wal-Mart in Beavercreek, Ohio, on Aug. 5, four days before Brown. Levar Jones survived being shot by a South Carolina state trooper on Sept. 4. Tamir Rice, 12 years old, was killed in a Cleveland park on Nov. 23, the day before the Ferguson grand jury opted not to indict Wilson. Sadly, the list has grown longer.

Now that black lives matter to everyone, it is imperative that we continue marching for and giving voice to those killed in racially charged incidents at the hands of police and others. But we must never allow ourselves to march under the banner of a false narrative on behalf of someone who would otherwise offend our sense of right and wrong. And when we discover that we have, we must acknowledge it, admit our error and keep on marching. Thats what Ive done here.",1
4134,Bernie Sanders' call for ouster of two convention co-chairs rejected,"Democratic National Committee officials on Saturday turned downBernie Sanders' formal request forthe ouster of aggressive attack surrogates for Hillary Clinton from keynational convention committees.

The campaign announced earlier thatit wantedto removeConnecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy as a co-chairman of the Platform Committee and former Massachusetts Rep. Barney Frank as head of the Rules Committee.Frankhassharply criticized Sanders positions on breaking up big banks and Malloy has criticized Sanders on guns.

Governor Malloy and Mr. Frank have both been aggressive attack surrogates for the Clinton campaign, Sanders campaign counsel Brad Deutschwrote in a letterto the partys Rules and Bylaws Committee. Their criticisms of Sen. Sanders have gone beyond dispassionate ideological disagreement and have exposed a deeper professional, political and personal hostility toward the senator and his campaign.""

But committee co-chairs Jim Roosevelt and Lorraine Miller responded that his challenge ""fails to meet the criteria"" for their dismissal. It did not allege any violations in the conduct of their elections to their posts by the DNC executive committee in January, they wrote.

The Sanders campaigns Friday letter to Democratic National Committee rules officials marks the latest turn in Sanders feud with party officials. It comes a week after Sanders said he would make sure Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida isnt reappointed to her role as head of the DNC if he becomes president and he began fundraising for her primary opponent, Tim Canova.

Most members of the convention standing committees  rules, platform and credentialsare awarded to candidates based on the results of those primaries and caucuses.But under party rules, Wasserman Schultz recommended co-chairs and a slate of 25 at-large appointments per committee for approval by the partys executive committee.

In a May 6 letter to Wasserman Schultz, Sanders complained she selected only three of his more than 40 recommendations for committee appointments, and he expressed no confidence in Malloy or Frank, writing their appointments suggestthe committees are being established in an overtly partisan way.

Deutsch argued Friday that Frank and Malloy cant be relied upon to perform convention duties fairly while laboring under such deeply held bias.

The appointment of two individuals so outspokenly critical of Sen. Sanders, and so closely affiliated with Secretary Clinton's campaign, raises concerns that two of the three Convention Standing Committees are being constituted in an overtly partisan way designed to exclude meaningful input from supporters of Sen. Sanders' candidacy, Deutsch wrote.

In April, Tad Devine, Sanders senior adviser, said Frank is among surrogates for Hillary Clinton who used Sanders remarks to a New YorkDaily News editorial board on April 1 to promote a story line that questions Sanders capacity to be president.Devine pointed to Franks April 6 statements on MSNBC that Sanders confused several things in his responses to questions about his core issue of breaking up big banks. Frank also said Sanders responses to the editorial board were not coherent.

Franksaid in an April interview with USA TODAY that he would step aside from his co-chairmanship if the Democratic nomination is still uncertain in June and if a Rules Committee decision could be the deciding factor. With Clinton's decisive lead in delegates, that appears unlikely.

A Connecticut Democratic Party spokesman told USA TODAY earlier this month that Malloyagrees with Sanders on many issues. On Saturday, Leigh Appleby said Malloy is committed to a platform and process reflective of the party's diverse viewpoints.

""This year's Democratic platform process is making an unprecedented effort to ensure the process is reflective of the entire party and that every Democrat has an opportunity to have their voice heard in a meaningful way,"" Appleby said in a statement. ""And at the end of the day, Democats will put forward a platform that stands in stark contrast to the hateful, divisive, and dangerous policies of Donald Trump.""",1
917,Five Reasons the New York Democratic Primary Felt Competitive,"NEW YORK, N.Y.  If Hillary Clinton is winning the Democratic presidential race, why has it felt like shes losing? Yes, Mrs. Clinton scored an important victory in New York Tuesday, winning her adopted home state in the primary. But should the outcome ever have been in doubt?As a former senator from New York she []",1
3854,"To get around Congress, Obama turns to city halls","WASHINGTON  President Obama has quietly racked up a series of legislative victories during the past few months as lawmakers have enthusiastically embraced his calls for a higher minimum wage, paid sick leave and universal pre-kindergarten.

Instead of Capitol Hill, those victories happened in city halls, state houses and county buildings far from Washington.

At least six major cities  Chicago, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Seattle, Tacoma, Wash., and Washington, D.C.  have passed paid sick leave laws in the four months since Obama called for state and local action in this year's State of the Union Address. Since the 2013 address when Obama called for an increase in the minimum wage, 17 states and six major cities have taken action, including Los Angeles last week.

Obama's state-and-local strategy may be unprecedented in its scope and ambition. Though previous administrations have appointed top advisers to listen to concerns of state and local officials, the Obama White House appears to be the first to aggressively use those same channels to encourage them to adopt Obama's policies.

""It is a change in the paradigm, where we used to sit passively by waiting for elected officials to come to us. We think we can have a more substantial impact if we collaborate,"" said Valerie Jarrett, the assistant to the president for public engagement and intergovernmental affairs.

""I think the president has always had the perspective that change always happens from the ground up, and our state and local officials are oftentimes more influenced by the will of the American people than the politics in Washington would seem to indicate,"" Jarrett said in an interview.

Obama has no formal authority over state and local lawmakers, so his persuasion is a form of soft power  the ""phone"" part of what Obama has described as a ""pen-and-phone"" strategy to take action in the absence of congressional cooperation.

He's found fertile ground in Democratic-run cities such as Seattle, where Mayor Ed Murray helped push for a minimum wage and paid leave laws that have gone into effect since April.

""President Obama recognizes that good ideas are being incubated at the local level, and those are ideas that are going to go to scale nationally,"" Murray said. That recognition can go a long way in a city such as Seattle, which often doesn't get the national attention East Coast cities do. ""The president of the United States recognizing us only helps us. We do other things beside e-commerce and coffee,"" Murray said.

There's also resistance. Jon Russell is a councilman in Culpeper, Va., and the director of the American City County Exchange, a year-old initiative of the small-government American Legislative Exchange Council.

Russell said states  not cities, not Congress and not the president  should be the primary regulator of labor conditions. Obama, he said, is ""hop-skipping over the states.""

""With the number of states that have now turned to the opposite political party, he doesn't have the allies there that he used to,"" Russell said. ""To work with the urban areas to push his agenda is not surprising. It's the only allies he really has.""

The strategy has been more effective on some policies than others. Since last September, more than 200 mayors have signed on to the My Brother's Keeper initiative, a commitment to help boys and young men of color. But since Obama called for states to offer free community college in January, only a handful have moved in that direction.

The state-and-local strategy effort has been particularly effective on paid leave policies, which Obama championed in his State of the Union Address this year. ""Forty-three million workers have no paid sick leave  43 million. Think about that,"" Obama said. ""So I'll be taking new action to help states adopt paid leave laws of their own.""

That pledge came with a $1 million budget from the Department of Labor to help fund feasibility studies for state and local governments, which will begin to be awarded this summer.

Obama dispatched Jarrett and Labor Secretary Tom Perez on a ""Lead on Leave"" tour of cities that have adopted paid leave policies. Jarrett went to Philadelphia and Chicago; Perez has been to Portland, Ore., Pawtucket, R.I., St. Petersburg, Fla., and Seattle.

Tuesday, Perez will be in Minneapolis, which just adopted a paid leave policy for city employees this month.

Perez said it's a mistake to view the state-and-local strategy as separate from a larger effort. ""Our strategy is an all-of-the-above-and-then-some strategy,"" he said.

He said Obama will continue to use executive orders, as he did when he increased the minimum wage for federal contractors to $10.10 an hour.

""We want Congress to act, and I'm confident that it's a when question, not an if question. But we're also not going to wait around for Congress to act,"" Perez said.

Although focusing on city councils may seem small compared with the sweeping congressional legislation early in Obama's presidency, state minimum wage laws will raise the pay of more than 7 million people by 2017. (That number, which comes from the White House Council of Economic Advisers, includes people making just above minimum wage who were helped indirectly because their wages are increased accordingly.)

""That's nothing to sneeze at. That's progress,"" Jarrett said.

San Francisco passed the first paid sick time law in the nation in 2006, requiring all employers to grant one hour of paid sick time for every 30 hours worked. Three states and 18 cities now have paid sick leave laws on the books, according to A Better Balance, a New York-based legal advocacy group that tracks such laws.

A year ago, advocates had a hard time breaking through the public consciousness on the issue, said the group's co-president, Sherry Leiwant. After a White House Working Families Summit last year, and again after January's State of the Union Address, there's been an ""explosion"" of interest by state and local lawmakers, she said.

""The White House leadership on this issue has been huge. It's had a real impact,"" Leiwant said. ""That influence on mayors or governors, who are Democrats but haven't paid a lot of attention to this issue, or they want to be pro-business Democrats, this gives them a lot of cover.""

A Better Balance still favors a national law that would cover everyone, but while the government is divided at the national level, ""the best strategy is to go to localities and states.""

A city-by-city strategy can be painstaking and legally complicated. Every state grants different home rule powers to cities  and even different powers to different-sized cities in the same state.

Philadelphia was able to pass a paid leave bill applying to private-sector workers, but Pittsburgh's law applies only to some non-union city workers. Pittsburgh City Councilwoman Natalia Rudiak credits Obama for giving her city's effort ""a lot of momentum,"" but she said more cities need to put pressure on the state Legislature to adopt statewide law.

There's also pushback from the opposite direction. Last month, the Pennsylvania Senate voted 37-12 to preempt the Philadelphia law, taking the power to regulate sick leave out of the hands of local governments.

That bill's sponsor, state Sen. John Eichelberger Jr., said it's untenable to have 2,562 municipalities with different labor standards, forcing businesses to comply with a patchwork of rules.

""Philosophically, I have a real problem with President Obama going to a municipality and trying to accomplish an agenda, whether it's liberal or conservative or otherwise,"" he said. ""It's just not the place to adopt these policies.""

Obama has opened an entirely new frontier of presidential power by turning to state and local governments, said Matthew Eshbaugh-Soha, who studies the effect of presidential persuasion at the University of North Texas.

""I'm really struck by, one, why hasn't anybody thought of this before? And two, this could be a very effective strategy,"" Eshbaugh-Soha said. ""At a time when executive orders are becoming particularly controversial and you're not able to break through the gridlock of Congress, I think it's ingenious.""

He's skeptical that the effort will put much pressure on members of Congress who don't support Obama's policies.

Jarrett said the effort is starting to snowball. She said some city leaders agreed with paid leave on principle but were reluctant to pass what could be seen as burdensome regulations in a difficult economy. As more cities and states have passed those policies, it's emboldened others.

""Success begets success,"" she said. ""What the evidence has begun to show is it's not a burden but an investment that is starting to pay off.""

Indeed, Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter vetoed two paid leave bills in 2011 and 2013. But three weeks after Obama's State of the Union Address this year, Nutter reversed course.

What changed? Nutter said the economy was better, and the bill contained key compromises to accommodate small businesses. Nutter spokesman Mark McDonald said he was unaware of any role Obama had in getting the bill passed.

Bill Greenlee, the councilman who sponsored the measure, said Nutter ""completely turned a corner"" on paid leave when the president put it on his agenda. ""I gotta think that when the president mentions sick leave in his State of the Union, and if you're a Democrat and a supporter of the president's agenda in general, that's gotta have an effect,"" Greenlee said.

Nutter did make a symbolic nod to Obama's influence in signing the paid leave bill: He signed it with a pen Obama gave him  after the president used it to sign an unemployment compensation bill. The only other time Nutter used that pen was on an executive order raising the minimum wage for city contractors to $12 an hour.",1
3343,John Kerry: ISIS responsible for genocide,"(CNN) Secretary of State John Kerry said Thursday that the United States has determined that ISIS' action against the Yazidis and other minority groups in Iraq and Syria constitutes genocide .

Children stand next to a burnt vehicle during clashes between Iraqi security forces and ISIS militants in Mosul on Tuesday, June 10.

Children stand next to a burnt vehicle during clashes between Iraqi security forces and ISIS militants in Mosul on Tuesday, June 10.

A Syrian rebel fighter lies on a stretcher at a makeshift hospital in Douma, Syria, on Wednesday, July 9. He was reportedly injured while fighting ISIS militants.

A Syrian rebel fighter lies on a stretcher at a makeshift hospital in Douma, Syria, on Wednesday, July 9. He was reportedly injured while fighting ISIS militants.

Thousands of Yazidi and Christian people flee Mosul on Wednesday, August 6, after the latest wave of ISIS advances.

Thousands of Yazidi and Christian people flee Mosul on Wednesday, August 6, after the latest wave of ISIS advances.

Thousands of Yazidis are escorted to safety by Kurdish Peshmerga forces and a People's Protection Unit in Mosul on Saturday, August 9.

Thousands of Yazidis are escorted to safety by Kurdish Peshmerga forces and a People's Protection Unit in Mosul on Saturday, August 9.

Aziza Hamid, a 15-year-old Iraqi girl, cries for her father while she and some other Yazidi people are flown to safety Monday, August 11, after a dramatic rescue operation at Iraq's Mount Sinjar. A CNN crew was on the flight, which took diapers, milk, water and food to the site where as many as 70,000 people were trapped by ISIS. But only a few of them were able to fly back on the helicopter with the Iraqi Air Force and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters.

Aziza Hamid, a 15-year-old Iraqi girl, cries for her father while she and some other Yazidi people are flown to safety Monday, August 11, after a dramatic rescue operation at Iraq's Mount Sinjar. A CNN crew was on the flight, which took diapers, milk, water and food to the site where as many as 70,000 people were trapped by ISIS. But only a few of them were able to fly back on the helicopter with the Iraqi Air Force and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters.

Kurdish Peshmerga fighters fire at ISIS militant positions from their position on the top of Mount Zardak, east of Mosul, Iraq, on Tuesday, September 9.

Kurdish Peshmerga fighters fire at ISIS militant positions from their position on the top of Mount Zardak, east of Mosul, Iraq, on Tuesday, September 9.

A elderly man is carried after crossing the Syria-Turkey border near Suruc on Saturday, September 20.

A elderly man is carried after crossing the Syria-Turkey border near Suruc on Saturday, September 20.

Syrian Kurds wait near a border crossing in Suruc as they wait to return to their homes in Kobani on Sunday, September 28.

Syrian Kurds wait near a border crossing in Suruc as they wait to return to their homes in Kobani on Sunday, September 28.

A Kurdish Peshmerga soldier who was wounded in a battle with ISIS is wheeled to the Zakho Emergency Hospital in Duhuk, Iraq, on Tuesday, September 30.

A Kurdish Peshmerga soldier who was wounded in a battle with ISIS is wheeled to the Zakho Emergency Hospital in Duhuk, Iraq, on Tuesday, September 30.

Alleged ISIS militants stand next to an ISIS flag atop a hill in Kobani on Monday, October 6.

Alleged ISIS militants stand next to an ISIS flag atop a hill in Kobani on Monday, October 6.

Kiymet Ergun, a Syrian Kurd, celebrates in Mursitpinar, Turkey, after an airstrike by the U.S.-led coalition in Kobani on Monday, October 13.

Kiymet Ergun, a Syrian Kurd, celebrates in Mursitpinar, Turkey, after an airstrike by the U.S.-led coalition in Kobani on Monday, October 13.

Cundi Minaz, a female Kurdish fighter, is buried in a cemetery in the southeastern Turkish town of Suruc on Tuesday, October 14. Minaz was reportedly killed during clashes with ISIS militants in nearby Kobani.

Cundi Minaz, a female Kurdish fighter, is buried in a cemetery in the southeastern Turkish town of Suruc on Tuesday, October 14. Minaz was reportedly killed during clashes with ISIS militants in nearby Kobani.

Heavy smoke rises in Kobani following an airstrike by the U.S.-led coalition on October 18.

Heavy smoke rises in Kobani following an airstrike by the U.S.-led coalition on October 18.

Kurdish fighters walk to positions as they combat ISIS forces in Kobani on Sunday, October 19.

Kurdish fighters walk to positions as they combat ISIS forces in Kobani on Sunday, October 19.

ISIS militants stand near the site of an airstrike near the Turkey-Syria border on Thursday, October 23. The United States and several Arab nations have been bombing ISIS targets in Syria to take out the militant group's ability to command, train and resupply its fighters.

ISIS militants stand near the site of an airstrike near the Turkey-Syria border on Thursday, October 23. The United States and several Arab nations have been bombing ISIS targets in Syria to take out the militant group's ability to command, train and resupply its fighters.

Iraqi special forces search a house in Jurf al-Sakhar, Iraq, on Thursday, October 30, after retaking the area from ISIS.

Iraqi special forces search a house in Jurf al-Sakhar, Iraq, on Thursday, October 30, after retaking the area from ISIS.

A picture taken from Turkey shows smoke rising after ISIS militants fired mortar shells toward an area controlled by Syrian Kurdish fighters near Kobani on Monday, November 3.

A picture taken from Turkey shows smoke rising after ISIS militants fired mortar shells toward an area controlled by Syrian Kurdish fighters near Kobani on Monday, November 3.

Fighters from the Free Syrian Army and the Kurdish People's Protection Units join forces to fight ISIS in Kobani on Wednesday, November 19.

Fighters from the Free Syrian Army and the Kurdish People's Protection Units join forces to fight ISIS in Kobani on Wednesday, November 19.

Smoke billows behind an ISIS sign during an Iraqi military operation to regain control of the town of Sadiyah, about 95 kilometers (60 miles) north of Baghdad, on Tuesday, November 25.

Smoke billows behind an ISIS sign during an Iraqi military operation to regain control of the town of Sadiyah, about 95 kilometers (60 miles) north of Baghdad, on Tuesday, November 25.

An elderly Yazidi man arrives in Kirkuk after being released by ISIS on Saturday, January 17. The militant group released about 200 Yazidis who were held captive for five months in Iraq. Almost all of the freed prisoners were in poor health and bore signs of abuse and neglect, Kurdish officials said.

An elderly Yazidi man arrives in Kirkuk after being released by ISIS on Saturday, January 17. The militant group released about 200 Yazidis who were held captive for five months in Iraq. Almost all of the freed prisoners were in poor health and bore signs of abuse and neglect, Kurdish officials said.

ISIS militants are seen through a rifle's scope during clashes with Peshmerga fighters in Mosul, Iraq, on Wednesday, January 21.

ISIS militants are seen through a rifle's scope during clashes with Peshmerga fighters in Mosul, Iraq, on Wednesday, January 21.

Junko Ishido, mother of Japanese journalist Kenji Goto, reacts during a news conference in Tokyo on Friday, January 23. ISIS would later kill Goto and another Japanese hostage, Haruna Yukawa.

Junko Ishido, mother of Japanese journalist Kenji Goto, reacts during a news conference in Tokyo on Friday, January 23. ISIS would later kill Goto and another Japanese hostage, Haruna Yukawa.

Collapsed buildings are seen in Kobani on January 27 after Kurdish forces took control of the town from ISIS.

Collapsed buildings are seen in Kobani on January 27 after Kurdish forces took control of the town from ISIS.

Kurdish people celebrate in Suruc, Turkey, near the Turkish-Syrian border, after ISIS militants were expelled from Kobani on Tuesday, January 27.

Kurdish people celebrate in Suruc, Turkey, near the Turkish-Syrian border, after ISIS militants were expelled from Kobani on Tuesday, January 27.

A Kurdish marksman looks over a destroyed area of Kobani on Friday, January 30, after the city had been liberated from the ISIS militant group. The Syrian city, also known as Ayn al-Arab, had been under assault by ISIS since mid-September.

A Kurdish marksman looks over a destroyed area of Kobani on Friday, January 30, after the city had been liberated from the ISIS militant group. The Syrian city, also known as Ayn al-Arab, had been under assault by ISIS since mid-September.

Safi al-Kasasbeh, right, receives condolences from tribal leaders at his home village near Karak, Jordan, on Wednesday, February 4. Al-Kasasbeh's son, Jordanian pilot Moath al-Kasasbeh, was burned alive in a video that was recently released by ISIS militants. Jordan is one of a handful of Middle Eastern nations taking part in the U.S.-led military coalition against ISIS.

Displaced Assyrian women who fled their homes due to ISIS attacks pray at a church on the outskirts of Damascus, Syria, on Sunday, March 1. ISIS militants abducted at least 220 Assyrians in Syria.

Displaced Assyrian women who fled their homes due to ISIS attacks pray at a church on the outskirts of Damascus, Syria, on Sunday, March 1. ISIS militants abducted at least 220 Assyrians in Syria.

Iraqi Shiite fighters cover their ears as a rocket is launched during a clash with ISIS militants in the town of Al-Alam, Iraq, on Monday, March 9.

Iraqi Shiite fighters cover their ears as a rocket is launched during a clash with ISIS militants in the town of Al-Alam, Iraq, on Monday, March 9.

The parents of 19-year-old Mohammed Musallam react at the family's home in the East Jerusalem Jewish settlement of Neve Yaakov on Tuesday, March 10. ISIS released a video purportedly showing a young boy executing Musallam, an Israeli citizen of Palestinian descent who ISIS claimed infiltrated the group in Syria to spy for the Jewish state. Musallam's family told CNN that he had no ties with the Mossad, Israel's spy agency, and had, in fact, been recruited by ISIS.

On April 1, Shiite militiamen celebrate the retaking of Tikrit, which had been under ISIS control since June. The push into Tikrit came days after U.S.-led airstrikes targeted ISIS bases around the city.

On April 1, Shiite militiamen celebrate the retaking of Tikrit, which had been under ISIS control since June. The push into Tikrit came days after U.S.-led airstrikes targeted ISIS bases around the city.

People in Tikrit inspect what used to be a palace of former President Saddam Hussein on April 3.

People in Tikrit inspect what used to be a palace of former President Saddam Hussein on April 3.

A Yazidi woman mourns for the death of her husband and children by ISIS after being released south of Kirkuk on April 8. ISIS is known for killing dozens of people at a time and carrying out public executions, crucifixions and other acts.

A Yazidi woman mourns for the death of her husband and children by ISIS after being released south of Kirkuk on April 8. ISIS is known for killing dozens of people at a time and carrying out public executions, crucifixions and other acts.

Kurdish Peshmerga forces help Yazidis as they arrive at a medical center in Altun Kupri, Iraq, on April 8.

Kurdish Peshmerga forces help Yazidis as they arrive at a medical center in Altun Kupri, Iraq, on April 8.

Yazidis embrace after being released by ISIS south of Kirkuk, Iraq, on Wednesday, April 8. ISIS released more than 200 Yazidis , a minority group whose members were killed, captured and displaced when the Islamist terror organization overtook their towns in northern Iraq last summer, officials said.

Thousands of Iraqis cross a bridge over the Euphrates River to Baghdad as they flee Ramadi on Friday, April 17.

Thousands of Iraqis cross a bridge over the Euphrates River to Baghdad as they flee Ramadi on Friday, April 17.

A member of Afghanistan's security forces stands at the site where a suicide bomber on a motorbike blew himself up in front of the Kabul Bank in Jalalabad, Afghanistan, on Saturday, April 18. ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack. The explosion killed at least 33 people and injured more than 100 others, a public health spokesman said.

A member of Afghanistan's security forces stands at the site where a suicide bomber on a motorbike blew himself up in front of the Kabul Bank in Jalalabad, Afghanistan, on Saturday, April 18. ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack. The explosion killed at least 33 people and injured more than 100 others, a public health spokesman said.

Iraqi soldiers fire their weapons toward ISIS group positions in the Garma district, west of the Iraqi capital of Baghdad, on Sunday, April 26. Pro-government forces said they had recently made advances on areas held by Islamist jihadists.

Iraqi soldiers fire their weapons toward ISIS group positions in the Garma district, west of the Iraqi capital of Baghdad, on Sunday, April 26. Pro-government forces said they had recently made advances on areas held by Islamist jihadists.

People search through debris after an explosion at a Shiite mosque in Qatif, Saudi Arabia, on Friday, May 22. ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack, according to tweets from ISIS supporters, which included a formal statement from ISIS detailing the operation.

Residents examine a damaged mosque after an Iraqi Air Force bombing in the ISIS-seized city of Falluja, Iraq, on Sunday, May 31. At least six were killed and nine others wounded during the bombing.

Residents examine a damaged mosque after an Iraqi Air Force bombing in the ISIS-seized city of Falluja, Iraq, on Sunday, May 31. At least six were killed and nine others wounded during the bombing.

Syrians wait near the Turkish border during clashes between ISIS and Kurdish armed groups in Kobani, Syria, on Thursday, June 25. The photo was taken in Sanliurfa, Turkey. ISIS militants disguised as Kurdish security forces infiltrated Kobani on Thursday and killed ""many civilians,"" said a spokesman for the Kurds in Kobani.

Syrians wait near the Turkish border during clashes between ISIS and Kurdish armed groups in Kobani, Syria, on Thursday, June 25. The photo was taken in Sanliurfa, Turkey. ISIS militants disguised as Kurdish security forces infiltrated Kobani on Thursday and killed ""many civilians,"" said a spokesman for the Kurds in Kobani.

People in Ashmoun, Egypt, carry the coffin for 1st Lt. Mohammed Ashraf, who was killed when the ISIS militant group attacked Egyptian military checkpoints on Wednesday, July 1. At least 17 soldiers were reportedly killed, and 30 were injured.

Protesters in Istanbul carry anti-ISIS banners and flags to show support for victims of the Suruc suicide blast during a demonstration on Monday, July 20.

Protesters in Istanbul carry anti-ISIS banners and flags to show support for victims of the Suruc suicide blast during a demonstration on Monday, July 20.

Mourners in Gaziantep, Turkey, grieve over a coffin Tuesday, July 21, during a funeral ceremony for the victims of a suspected ISIS suicide bomb attack. That bombing killed at least 31 people in Suruc, a Turkish town that borders Syria. Turkish authorities blamed ISIS for the attack.

Saudi officials and investigators check the inside of the mosque on August 6.

Saudi officials and investigators check the inside of the mosque on August 6.

The governor of the Asir region in Saudi Arabia, Prince Faisal bin Khaled bin Abdulaziz, left, visits a man who was wounded in a suicide bombing attack on a mosque in Abha, Saudi Arabia, on August 6. ISIS claimed responsibility for the explosion, which killed at least 13 people and injured nine others.

Buildings reduced to piles of debris can be seen in the eastern suburbs of Ramadi on August 6.

Buildings reduced to piles of debris can be seen in the eastern suburbs of Ramadi on August 6.

Smoke rises as Iraqi security forces bomb ISIS positions in the eastern suburbs of Ramadi, Iraq, on August 6.

Smoke rises as Iraqi security forces bomb ISIS positions in the eastern suburbs of Ramadi, Iraq, on August 6.

An ISIS fighter poses with spoils purportedly taken after capturing the Syrian town of al-Qaryatayn.

An ISIS fighter poses with spoils purportedly taken after capturing the Syrian town of al-Qaryatayn.

In this image taken from social media, an ISIS fighter holds the group's flag after the militant group overran the Syrian town of al-Qaryatayn on Thursday, August 6, the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported. ISIS uses modern tools such as social media to promote reactionary politics and religious fundamentalism. Fighters are destroying holy sites and valuable antiquities even as their leaders propagate a return to the early days of Islam.

Iraqi men look at damage following a bomb explosion that targeted a vegetable market in Baghdad on Thursday, August 13. ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack.

Iraqi men look at damage following a bomb explosion that targeted a vegetable market in Baghdad on Thursday, August 13. ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack.

Smoke rises above a damaged building in Ramadi, Iraq, following a coalition airstrike against ISIS positions on Saturday, August 15.

Smoke rises above a damaged building in Ramadi, Iraq, following a coalition airstrike against ISIS positions on Saturday, August 15.

Shiite fighters, fighting alongside Iraqi government forces, fire a rocket at ISIS militants as they advance toward the center of Baiji, Iraq, on Monday, October 19.

Shiite fighters, fighting alongside Iraqi government forces, fire a rocket at ISIS militants as they advance toward the center of Baiji, Iraq, on Monday, October 19.

Members of the Egyptian military approach the wreckage of a Russian passenger plane Sunday, November 1, in Hassana, Egypt. The plane crashed the day before, killing all 224 people on board. ISIS claimed responsibility for downing the plane, but the group's claim wasn't immediately verified.

Syrian government troops walk inside the Kweiras air base on Wednesday, November 11, after they broke a siege imposed by ISIS militants.

Syrian government troops walk inside the Kweiras air base on Wednesday, November 11, after they broke a siege imposed by ISIS militants.

Smoke rises over the northern Iraqi town of Sinjar on November 12. Kurdish Iraqi fighters, backed by a U.S.-led air campaign, retook the strategic town, which ISIS militants overran last year. ISIS wants to create an Islamic state across Sunni areas of Iraq and Syria.

Emergency personnel and civilians gather at the site of a twin suicide bombing in Beirut, Lebanon, on Thursday, November 12. The bombings killed at least 43 people and wounded more than 200 more. ISIS appeared to claim responsibility in a statement posted on social media.

Wounded people are helped outside the Bataclan concert hall in Paris following a series of coordinated attacks in the city on Friday, November 13. The militant group ISIS claimed responsibility for the attacks, which killed at least 130 people and wounded hundreds more.

Investigators check the scene of a mosque attack Friday, November 27, in northern Bangladesh's Bogra district. ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attack that left at least one person dead and three more wounded.

Yemenis check the scene of a car bomb attack Sunday, December 6, in Aden, Yemen. Aden Gov. Jaafar Saad and six bodyguards died in the attack , for which the terror group ISIS claimed responsibility.

Syrian pro-government forces gather at the site of a deadly triple bombing Sunday, January 31, in the Damascus suburb of Sayeda Zeynab . ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack, according to a statement circulating online from supporters of the terrorist group.

Syrians gather at the site of a double car bomb attack in the Al-Zahraa neighborhood of the Homs, Syria, on February 21, 2016. Multiple attacks in Homs and southern Damascus kill at least 122 and injure scores, according to the state-run SANA news agency. ISIS claimed responsibility.

Wounded passengers are treated following a suicide bombing at the Brussels Airport on March 22, 2016. The attacks on the airport and a subway killed 32 people and wounded more than 300. ISIS claims its ""fighters"" launched the attacks in the Belgian capital.

""My purpose here today is to assert in my judgment, (ISIS) is responsible for genocide against groups in areas under its control including Yazidis, Christians and Shiite Muslims,"" he said, during a news conference at the State Department.

Kerry said that in 2014, ISIS trapped Yazidis, killed them, enslaved thousands of Yazidi women and girls, "" selling them at auction, raping them at will and destroying the communities in which they had lived for countless generations,"" executed Christians ""solely for their faith"" and also ""forced Christian women and girls into slavery.""

""Without our intervention, it is clear that those people would have been slaughtered,"" he said.

This is the first time that the United States has declared a genocide since Darfur in 2004.

The House of Representatives on Monday unanimously passed a resolution labeling the ISIS atrocities against Christian groups in Syria and Iraq ""genocide,"" a term the State Department had been reluctant to use about the attacks and mass murders by the terror group.

The move, aimed at ramping up pressure on the Obama administration, appears to have worked.

The measure was non-binding, but both Republicans and Democrats in the House joined together 393-0 to back a ""sense of Congress"" saying the crimes committed against Christians, Yazidis and other ethnic and religious minorities in the region amount to war crimes and, in some cases, genocide.

Republican Rep. Jeff Fortenberry, whose Nebraska district is home to the largest group of resettled Yazidis in the U.S., authored the resolution with California Democratic Rep. Anna Eshoo.

During debate on Monday, Fortenberry noted it was a rare instance of an issue that has ""risen above the petty and difficult differences we often work out on the floor of the House of Representatives.""

Under a deadline set by Congress, the State Department had until Thursday to formally to decide whether it would issue a comprehensive genocide designation.

Kerry, though, had previously alluded to the possibility that the actions of ISIS, also know as ISIL, were genocide.

""ISIL's campaign of terror against the innocent, including the Yazidi and Christian minorities, and its grotesque targeted acts of violence, show all the warning signs of genocide,"" Kerry said in August 2014. ""For anyone who needed a wakeup call, this is it.""

Fortenberry praised the State Department for its decision Thursday.

""I commend Secretary Kerry and the State Department for making this important designation. The genocide against Christians, Yazidis and others is not only a grave injustice to theses ancient faith communities -- it is an assault on human dignity and an attack on civilization itself,"" he said. ""The United States has now spoken with clarity and moral authority.""

""That it took so long for the administration to arrive at this conclusion, in the face of unspeakable human suffering, defies explanation,"" Rubio, who until Tuesday was a GOP presidential candidate, said in a statement. ""At long last the United States is no longer silent in the face of this evil, but it would be travesty if we were to mistakenly take solace in this designation, if the designation did not then yield some sort of action.""

""I am very happy to hear that (the U.S.) will recognize the genocide of Yezidi and Christian minorities,"" he told CNN in an email. ""This is an important step to stop the suffering of the persecuted people under the control of the extremist islamic groups, specially ISIS. And this is also important for my community to trust the international community again, because we were left in the hands of Islamic State.""

He called on the State Department to push the U.N. to establish an international criminal court case on genocide against the Yazidis and Christians in Iraq and Syria.

""Furthermore,"" he said, ""it is necessary to give the minorities more support to be sure that (these) crimes will not happen again.""

An international center advocating against hate, terrorism and anti-Semitism was one to join the chorus.

""The Simon Wiesenthal Center applauds Secretary Kerry's acknowledgement that Christians and Yazidis are targets of Genocide,"" the organization said in a statement. ""We reiterate our call that the U.S put these two groups at the front of the line for consideration for immigration to our country and to redouble our efforts to destroy ISIS.""

In Defense of Christians, a group that has heavily lobbied for recognizing what is happening as genocide, put out a statement from its president Toufic Baaklini.

""IDC extends our deepest gratitude to Secretary Kerry and to the Obama administration for carefully reviewing the overwhelming evidence of the genocide against Christians, Yazidis, Shia Muslims and other religious minorities and for proclaiming the irrefutable truth that the crimes they have suffered constitute genocide,"" Baaklini said.

And the Archbishop of Washington, Cardinal Donald Wuerl, put out a statement of ""appreciation.""

""For some time, the world has witnessed the deliberate and organized effort by ISIS to eliminate Christians from the Middle East. For the U.S. government to call this savagery by its proper name -- genocide -- is a welcome step in what must now be a more committed effort at bringing peace and security to that beleaguered land,"" Wuerl said. ""These words must now be translated into action.""",1
4348,Mitt Romney's Re-Invention As Anti-Poverty Warrior,"With the shake of an Etch-A-Sketch, Mitt Romney reintroduced himself to the Republican Party on Friday as a man interested in running for president because of his desire to address poverty and income inequality. One only wonders why the former governor of Massachusetts neglected to focus on the growing problems the last time he held the title of GOP standard bearer.

Addressing a gathering of Republican National Committee officials below deck of the decommissioned U.S.S. Midway aircraft carrier in San Diego, California, Romney ticked off three priorities crucial to what he called the ""post-Obama era"": making the world safer with a more muscular foreign policy, providing opportunity to all Americans, and lifting people out of poverty.

""It's a tragedy, a human tragedy, that the middle class in this country by and large doesn't believe that the future will be better than the past,"" he said. ""We haven't seen rising incomes over decades.""

""The rich have gotten richer, income inequality has gotten worse and there are more people in poverty than ever before under this president,"" he added.

Romney stressed his years as an LDS pastor, a topic he and his campaign rarely broached in 2012, and described working ""with people who are very poor to help them get help.""

The governor isn't the only potential Republican presidential candidate to embrace a more populist tone as wage growth continues to lag in an accelerating economic recovery. Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush recently lamented that ""while the last eight years have been pretty good ones for top-earners, they've been a lost decade for the rest of America."" Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum has emphasized reconnecting with blue collar Americans. Even die-hard conservatives like Sens. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) and Ted Cruz (R-Texas) paid lip service to the matter at the Heritage Foundation policy summit, an annual gathering of conservatives in Washington.

While he may be sincere in his pursuit to eliminate poverty, the notion that Romney would be the best candidate to lead his party in doing so is puzzling at best. The former Massachusetts governor didn't have just one misstep that allowed Democrats and Republican primary opponents to paint him as an obscenely wealthy, out-of-touch plutocrat in the 2012 election -- he had a dozen. Here's just a brief sampling:

""I'm in this race because I care about Americans. I'm not concerned about the very poor. We have a safety net there. If it needs repair, I'll fix it,"" he said inelegantly following his victory in the Florida primary. ""I'm not concerned about the very rich, they're doing just fine. I'm concerned about the very heart of the America, the 90 percent, 95 percent of Americans who right now are struggling.""

""Corporations are people, my friend ... of course they are. Everything corporations earn ultimately goes to the people,"" he said before the Iowa Ames straw poll.

And his infamous remarks about ""47 percent"" of Americans: ""My job is not to worry about those people -- I'll never convince them that they should take personal responsibility and care for their lives.""

But it's not just the gaffes. Romney embraced the Paul Ryan budget in 2012 -- a sweeping plan that, if enacted, would have instituted draconian cuts to programs affecting the poor. Millions of low-income Americans benefiting from Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security, as well as other retirement funding, would have been affected under a Romney presidency. Added to his promise to repeal the Affordable Care Act and its subsidies for the poor, it's not hard to see how Romney wouldn't be vexed by some of the same problems should he ultimately decide to run for president.",1
3424,King: Fill the Supreme Court vacancy,"""We've got an opening on the court. I think Sandra Day O'Connor made a very practical point. Let's fill the vacancy so the court can fully function and get on with it,"" he told CNN's Chris Cuomo on ""New Day.""

""I don't agree (with Republicans),"" said O'Connor. ""We need somebody in there to do the job and just get on with it.""

King, an independent who caucuses with Democrats, said he is surprised that some Republicans have decided to reject a nominee before even having a candidate to evaluate.

""I'm surprised people can make that judgment before they even know who the nominee is,"" he said. ""It may be that he picks a nominee that's so eminently qualified that it would be very hard to explain a vote against him, other than politics."" King acknowledged that the Senate doesn't have to support the nominee, but thinks there should be a vote. ""Of course, we have these debates. And of course, politics are involved,"" King said. ""The politics are important. And I'm not saying a Republican senator has to vote for whoever Obama nominates. I would never say that."" But a refusal to hold a process could leave the vacancy for more than a year and that would be ""pretty troublesome,"" King said. The senator, who sits on the Senate Intelligence Committee, also expressed concern about a judge's order that Apple help the FBI break into the iPhone of one of the San Bernardino, California, shooters. ""They're asking Apple to create a key that does not currently exist. And I've got a problem with that. This is a very complicated issue,"" he said. Forcing Apple to do this could set ""a serious precedent"" that could lead to other citizens having their privacy invaded, he said. ""Once that key is made, it can end up in the hands of hackers,"" King said. ""There's no end to complications of this."" ""I think we need to slow down and really consider the policy,"" he added.",1
1718,"Ted Cruz is toast: Its not just that he wont be president  his days in the Senate are numbered, too","Im not sure when it started, but at some point the Republican Party ceded the business of governance to the Democrats. Maybe it began with the Tea Party movement or Fox News or the larger conservative media-industrial complex  I honestly dont know. But its clear now that the GOP is no longer a legitimate governing party. A party that allows rank neophytes like Herman Cain and Donald Trump and Ben Carson and Carly Fiorina to run for the highest office in the country has lost its way.

If you look at how the Republican Party operates today, its hard to avoid the conclusion that governing just isnt a priority  or internal pressures within the party make it impossible. Instead, the GOP has become what I previously called a self-perpetuating hype machine for conservative political entrepreneurs. Particularly at the national level, Republican candidates and legislators (many of them, at least) show no interest in compromise or serious policymaking, which is what youd expect from a party of and for purists.

While the new GOP has been bad for the country, its been great for political celebrities, people looking to promote their personal brands. Ted Cruz is the most recent and obvious example of this approach to politics. Cruz has been a remarkably ineffective Senator. He has done nothing but bloviate and showboat on the Senate floor. Hes accomplished zero legislatively. His only practical contribution has been to obstruct and draw attention to his martyrdom (read: presidential) campaign.

Ted Cruz will never be elected president. If he manages to win the Republican nomination, hell lose in a landslide to a Democrat, whoever that happens to be. And because hes so eagerly made a spectacle of himself in the Senate, hes alienated all but the tiniest segment of his own party. Which means he has no political capital in Congress  hardly a concern for someone uninterested in legislating, however.

Cruzs latest squabble with Rand Paul helps to illustrate Cruzs intentions. In an interview with Fox News Brian Kilmeade, Paul basically wrote Cruzs political obituary:

Ted has chosen to make this really personal and chosen to call people dishonest in leadership and call them names which really goes against the decorum and also against the rules of the senate, and as a consequence he cant get anything done legislatively. He is pretty much done for and stifled and its really because of personal relationships, or lack of personal relationships, and it is a problem. I approach things a little different, I am still just as hardcore in saying what we are doing , I just chose not to call people liars on the Senate floor and its just a matter of different perspectives on how best to get to the end result.

Paul is right, of course, but he omits an essential point: Cruz has been ineffective by design. Managing relationships and respecting decorum only matter to people trying to accomplish things in the Senate  thats not what Cruz is up to. Like the fanatical Tea Party wing of the House, Cruz is there to obstruct and self-promote. In all likelihood, Cruz will retire after a single term in the Senate. Now that hes boosted his national profile and endeared himself to the insurgent elements of the base, he can pivot to the private sector and make more money as a professional conservative activist  as, for example, Jim DeMint did in 2012. Cruz ought to be seen as the grifter that he is. It was never about policy for him. When he leaves the Senate, hell be a hero to the fringe right. Hell make a fortune on the conservative lecture circuit, telling rapturous audiences about his willingness to challenge the Washington cartel. It wont matter that he accomplished nothing, changed nothing  itll be enough that he pretended to while he was there. The same is true of Carson and Trump and Fiorina and even politicians like Huckabee and Jindal: None of them will be president, but their over-the-top activism will ensure them a profitable career after politics. And that, I assume, is the whole point. The Democrats have their share of bad politicians, but you dont see this kind of faux activism and exploitation in their party.",1
143,Obamas speech in Selma was an answer to those who question his love for America,"President Obama's supporters sometimes wonder where the inspirational candidate of 2008 has gone. The answer is to the White House. Obama's presidency is about smaller, less inspiring questions than his 2008 campaign.

Obama's presidency is bounded by the limits of the office and the demands of the moment. It is about what America needs to do right now  the next budget, the next bill, next year's taxes, the last war. Candidates can muse. Presidents must govern.

Obama's 2008 campaign was about what kind of country America is; how to read its past to best guide its future. His speech in Selma  which is reallyworth reading in its entirety  was among the best of his presidency precisely because it had almost nothing to do with his presidency; it was a return to the central topic of his campaign.

Historians who want to understand Obama will find few better summations than the two paragraphs at the core of this speech:

We do a disservice to the cause of justice by intimating that bias and discrimination are immutable, or that racial division is inherent to America. If you think nothing's changed in the past fifty years, ask somebody who lived through the Selma or Chicago or L.A. of the Fifties. Ask the female CEO who once might have been assigned to the secretarial pool if nothing's changed. Ask your gay friend if it's easier to be out and proud in America now than it was thirty years ago. To deny this progress  our progress  would be to rob us of our own agency; our responsibility to do what we can to make America better. Of course, a more common mistake is to suggest that racism is banished, that the work that drew men and women to Selma is complete, and that whatever racial tensions remain are a consequence of those seeking to play the ""race card"" for their own purposes. We don't need the Ferguson report to know that's not true. We just need to open our eyes, and ears, and hearts, to know that this nation's racial history still casts its long shadow upon us. We know the march is not yet over, the race is not yet won, and that reaching that blessed destination where we are judged by the content of our character requires admitting as much.

Those 230 words are a precise distillation of Obama's view of America, and the role politics must play in it.

The first paragraph is Obama's case for hope: America is improving; it has always been improving, and to deny that improvement is to steal from Americans a belief in their country that they have more than earned. ""To deny this progress  our progress  would be to rob us of our own agency,"" he said.

The second paragraph is Obama's case for change: America's sins are not vanquished; its hatreds remain real; its racism still breathes. ""We know the march is not yet over,"" Obama said, ""the race is not yet won, and that reaching that blessed destination where we are judged by the content of our character requires admitting as much.""

Hope and change. These are the two ideas that form the steady core of Obama's politics. But, more than that, they are the two ideas that define, for Obama, what kind of country America is  and what it means to serve it.

Obama's critics question his love for the country he governs. ""I do not believe  and I know this is a horrible thing to say  but I do not believe that the president loves America,"" former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani said in February. They look at Obama's steady belief that America is not yet good enough, not yet pure enough, not yet perfect enough, and they see a skeptic, not a patriot.

In this speech, Obama's answer to this criticism was direct:

Fellow marchers, so much has changed in fifty years. We've endured war, and fashioned peace. We've seen technological wonders that touch every aspect of our lives, and take for granted convenience our parents might scarcely imagine. But what has not changed is the imperative of citizenship, that willingness of a 26 year-old deacon, or a Unitarian minister, or a young mother of five, to decide they loved this country so much that they'd risk everything to realize its promise. That's what it means to love America. That's what it means to believe in America. That's what it means when we say America is exceptional.

There is an implicit radicalism in what Obama is saying here.To believe America is good enough is to abandon the tradition of criticism and activism that has made America great.

Obama's answer to Giuliani is that Giuliani has mistaken uncritical adoration for the hard work required of true love. Patriotism is active, not passive. Those who love America prove it by working to perfect America. They continue marching.",1
930,Where Does Bernie Sanders Go From Here?,"NEW YORK - Bernie Sanders is at a crossroads.

The Vermont senator took Wednesday off the campaign trail at home alone with his wife, leaving his top aides behind in Washington to cool their heels.

""He wanted an opportunity to think,"" said Sanders senior strategist Tad Devine. ""It's affording him an opportunity to think about where we are in the campaign, what he wants to say in the weeks ahead. He hasn't had a real chance to do that"" in weeks.

The Sanders campaign poured itself into New York, throwing a hail mary pass to try to change the delegate math while they could. They spent $5.6 million (twice what Hillary Clinton did), made 3 million phone calls in the final weekend alone, and organized the biggest rallies of a campaign defined by big rallies.

But in the end Sanders came up short - not just of winning, but of the delegate target allies had aimed to hit, which might set them up for a path through California, the campaign's final hope.

Now, with the nomination even further out of reach, Sanders faces the difficult question about what comes next. Does he set a do-whatever-it-takes course to actually win the Democratic nomination? Or does he return to the message campaign his long-shot White House bid was originally seen as?

There's no question that Sanders will stay in the race either way. ""Bernie made a decision after Nevada that he was going to go through this process and finish it up by letting everybody who wanted to vote, vote,"" Devine said.

Democratic primary voters have shown no sign they're in a rush for the race to settle down, and seem hungry for Sanders' message, if not his presidency.

He'll continue to draw massive crowds from zealous fans, who have almost literally given his campaign a blank check to do as they wish. On Wednesday night, the campaign announced raising $15 million more than Clinton in March, though they also spent much more.

But even some Sanders allies cringed at parts of the candidate's message in New York, where his agenda was sometimes obscured by a focus on Clinton and issues with the election process.

""Going forward, what we're encouraging Senator Sanders to do is to continue to keep the campaign focused on the issues,"" said Neil Sroka, the communications director of Democracy for America, which backs Sanders.

The campaign says they want to return to more substantive issues - but only as long as the Clinton campaign joins them. So far, at least, they believe Clinton forces are keeping up the heat and see it as sign Clinton still views Sanders as a threat.

Privately, some Sanders allies say it's time for the candidate to start to thinking more about how he maximizes his leverage at the Democratic National Convention, and afterwards, and less about beating Clinton at all costs.

One indicator of which kind of campaign Sanders wants to run is how much he and his aides continue to talk about relying on super delegates to hand them the nomination.

The strategy, which calls for wooing the unelected delegates even if Sanders loses more primaries and caucuses, was floated by campaign manager Jeff Weaver with MSNBC's Steve Kornacki late Tuesday night.

MoveOn.org and Democracy for America, both of which have endorsed Sanders, have since 2008 been pressuring super delegates to support whichever candidate gets the most votes.

More than 380,000 people signed petitions from the group agreeing that ""the race for the Democratic Party nomination should be decided by who gets the most votes, and not who has the most support from party insiders.""

Both groups confirmed to MSNBC Wednesday that they still hold that position.

""MoveOn members overwhelmingly endorsed Sanders for president, and we want him to win the most pledged delegates, become the nominee, and become president. But superdelegates shouldn't overrule the will of the Democratic grassroots,"" said MoveOn Washington Director Ben Wikler. ""If the primary and caucus winner is Hillary Clinton, then Clinton should be the nominee.""

Devine said the campaign's main focus is still to win pledged delegates. But if Sanders falls just short of a majority, it's negligible - ""de minims,"" Devine said - and the campaign will pitch super delegates that Sanders is the stronger general election candidate.

Another indication of Sanders' intentions will be where he devotes his precious time in the days leading up to Tuesday's contests.

Five states are voting and Maryland is expected to be Sanders' worst showing.

If he invests heavily there it's a sign his campaign is still focused on winning and scraping together delegates. If he spends time in states like Connecticut and Delaware to try to eek out wins despite limited delegate opportunities, it's a sign he's more focused on moral victories than ones that lead to the nomination.

What Sanders decides to do, and how aggressively he decides to continuing pursuing Clinton, will help determine the shape of the rest of the primary and how quickly Clinton, the odds-on nominee, can unite the party.

Clinton's favorability rating has tumbled during the primary, especially among Sanders voters, presumably at least in part due to his attacks.

But as Democratic leaders worry about the damage, the party seem to be enjoying the contest.

National polling between Clinton and Sanders has tightened to a virtual dead heat, suggesting voters are not ready to settle on Clinton. Exit polls showed two-thirds of New York primary voters found the heated contest in the state to be energizing, not divisive.

""Mr. Sanders's presence has made this an immeasurably more substantive race,"" The New York Times wrote in an editorial Wednesday calling on Sanders to ignore calls to leave the race, which was shared by the Sanders campaign. The enthusiasm of his supporters ""should be a wake-up call to leaders of both parties. They are missing something big about their own members' priorities, and their mood.""

Still, Sanders' entire campaign has been about bringing new people into politics and the Democratic party. At some point, he might risk pushing them back out again.",1
1661,Exclusive: GOP campaigns plot revolt against RNC,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
1360,"Why Hillary Clinton, not Bernie Sanders, 'won' town hall","Hillary Clinton accepts the Democratic Party's nomination for president at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia on July 28. The former first lady, U.S. senator and secretary of state was the first woman to lead the presidential ticket of a major political party.

Clinton waves to the media in January 1996 as she arrives for an appearance before a grand jury in Washington. The first lady was subpoenaed to testify as a witness in the investigation of the Whitewater land deal in Arkansas. The Clintons' business investment was investigated, but ultimately they were cleared of any wrongdoing.

Clinton looks on as her husband discusses the Monica Lewinsky scandal in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on January 26, 1998. Clinton declared, ""I did not have sexual relations with that woman."" In August of that year, Clinton testified before a grand jury and admitted to having ""inappropriate intimate contact"" with Lewinsky, but he said it did not constitute sexual relations because they had not had intercourse. He was impeached in December on charges of perjury and obstruction of justice.

Obama and Clinton talk on the plane on their way to a rally in Unity, New Hampshire, in June 2008. She had recently ended her presidential campaign and endorsed Obama.

In this photo provided by the White House, Obama, Clinton, Biden and other members of the national security team receive an update on the mission against Osama bin Laden in May 2011.

Clinton checks her Blackberry inside a military plane after leaving Malta in October 2011. In 2015, The New York Times reported that Clinton exclusively used a personal email account during her time as secretary of state. The account, fed through its own server, raises security and preservation concerns. Clinton later said she used a private domain out of ""convenience,"" but admits in retrospect ""it would have been better"" to use multiple emails.

Clinton testifies about the Benghazi attack during a House committee meeting in October 2015. ""I would imagine I have thought more about what happened than all of you put together,"" she said during the 11-hour hearing. ""I have lost more sleep than all of you put together. I have been wracking my brain about what more could have been done or should have been done."" Months earlier, Clinton had acknowledged a ""systemic breakdown"" as cited by an Accountability Review Board, and she said that her department was taking additional steps to increase security at U.S. diplomatic facilities.

U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders shares a lighthearted moment with Clinton during a Democratic presidential debate in October 2015. It came after Sanders gave his take on the Clinton email scandal. ""The American people are sick and tired of hearing about the damn emails,"" Sanders said. ""Enough of the emails. Let's talk about the real issues facing the United States of America.""

After Clinton became the Democratic Party's presumptive nominee, this photo was posted to her official Twitter account. ""To every little girl who dreams big: Yes, you can be anything you want -- even president,"" Clinton said. ""Tonight is for you.""

Obama hugs Clinton after he gave a speech at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia. The president said Clinton was ready to be commander in chief. ""For four years, I had a front-row seat to her intelligence, her judgment and her discipline,"" he said, referring to her stint as his secretary of state.",1
3635,French police hunt two brothers accused of Charlie Hebdo terror attack,"A third suspect has turned himself in. Prime Minister Valls said several arrests had been made overnight in connection with the deadliest terror attack in France in a generation.

French President Francois Hollande, right, and interior minister Bernard Cazeneuve, left, listen to the explanations of high ranking police officer Jacques Meric, center, during a visit at Paris Prefecture control room in Paris, Thursday Jan. 8, 2015. French police hunted Thursday for two heavily armed men, one with a terrorism conviction and a history in jihadi networks, in the methodical killing of 12 people at a satirical newspaper that caricatured the Prophet Muhammad. The prime minister announced several overnight arrests and said the possibility of a new attack is our main concern.

French authorities are searching for two chief suspects in Wednesday's deadly attack in Paris on the offices of Charlie Hebdo, a satirical magazine,which left 12 people dead in France's deadliest terrorist incident in a generation.

Thousands of police andcounter-terrorism officers are searching in northern France for the two armed suspects,Said and Chrif Kouachi, who are brothers, remain at large.A third suspect, Hamyd Mourad, turned himself in at a police station in a small town about 145 miles northeast of Paris after learning his name was linked to the attack.

Speaking on RTL radio, Prime Minister Manuel Valls said authorities had made several overnight arrests and that the possibility of a new attack by the two suspects is our main concern, The New York Times reports. An unnamed security official put the arrest total at seven.

We are facing an unprecedented terrorist threat, both internally and externally, Mr. Valls said, adding that, there was not zero risk.

In an incident likely to rattle nerves in Paris, apolicewoman was killed in a shootout in southern Paris on Thursday morning. The shootingset off searchesin the area as the manhunt for the two brothers expanded, but police didn't immediately link it to the Charlie Hebdo attack, Reuters reports. The policewoman wasn't involved in the manhunt for the suspects and had been called to a routine traffic incident.

Valls said the suspects in the attack on Charlie Hebdo were known to French authorities and had been tracked before. Chrif Kouachi was convicted of abetting terrorism in 2008 for recruiting jihadists to fight in Iraq, the Associated Press reports. Both brothers were also named in connection with a plot to help an Islamic extremist, who bombed a Paris metro station in 1995, escape from jail.

The brothers are Algerian-origin French citizens who lived in Paris, the BBC reports.

Given his track record, the fact that Chrif Kouachi allegedly pulled off such a brazen attack may raise concerns in France and across Europe. It's still unclear whether the brothers had any foreign support or trained abroad. European security agencies fear that militants from Europe who fight in Iraq and Syria could in futurestage attacks at home.

The Christian Science Monitor reports that France has Europes largest Muslim population and the largest number of citizens who have joined groups such as the self-described Islamic State. Some 1,000 French have traveled to fight in Syria, according to authorities.

Charlie Hebdo, which directs its irrelevant satire at almost everyone, has repeatedly offended Muslims for its caricatures of the prophet Muhammad. The magazines editor and two police officers were among those killed on Wednesday.",1
3255,Give Social Security recipients a CEO-style raise,"(CNN) On Veterans Day we recognize and honor the sacrifices our service members and their families make for our country. We owe our service members the very best, but unless Congress acts, on January 1 more than 9 million veterans who rely on Social Security benefits or pension and compensation benefits will not get their annual cost of living increase.

This freeze in funds, which has happened only two other times since 1975, will be really tough on veterans among the 71 million Americans who depend on Social Security and other benefits to help make ends meet. Two-thirds of seniors depend on Social Security for the majority of their income, and for 15 million Americans, Social Security is all that stands between them and poverty.

While vets and seniors get no raise, CEOs at the top 350 American companies received, on average, a 3.9% pay increase last year. That's a lot of money. The average CEO at one of the top 350 American companies made $16.3 million and got more than half a million in pay raises. So CEOs get huge raises, while seniors, veterans and others who've worked hard don't get an extra dime. Why? It's not an accident. It's not inevitable. It's the result of deliberate policies set by Congress.

Social Security is supposed to be indexed to inflation so that when prices go up, benefits go up, too. But Congress' formula samples the spending patterns of about a quarter of the country, and the formula isn't geared to what older Americans actually spend.

Projections for the costs of core goods and services show inflation is up about 2%, but seniors won't get a cost of living increase -- mostly because of falling gasoline prices, which don't mean as much to millions of seniors who don't commute to work. So seniors, who are already struggling to scrape by to cover rent and exploding prescription drug prices , will be left scrambling.

Sure, companies should make their own decisions about how much to compensate executives, but because of the laws Congress has passed, American taxpayers are forced to subsidize these multimillion-dollar pay packages.

It's time for Congress to make different choices. That's why last week I introduced the Seniors And Veterans Emergency (SAVE) Benefits Act. The SAVE Benefits Act will give seniors on Social Security, veterans, those with disabilities and others a one-time payment in 2016 equivalent to an average increase of 3.9% -- the same as the taxpayer-subsidized raise that CEOs received last year.

We can afford to give seniors and vets a raise. In fact, we can increase pay for seniors and vets without adding a single penny to the deficit simply by closing the bonus loophole for corporate executives. According to the chief actuary of the Social Security Administration, closing this loophole will create enough revenue to help millions of Americans and still have enough left over to help extend the life of the Social Security trust fund.

Seniors and vets would get an increase of about $581 next year  a little less than $50 a month. That $581 increase would cover almost three months of groceries for seniors or a year's worth of out-of-pocket costs on critical prescription drugs for the average Medicare beneficiary. That $50 a month is worth a lot to those 71 million Americans. According to an analysis from the Economic Policy Institute, that little boost could lift more than 1 million Americans out of poverty.

Giving vets and seniors a little help and stitching up these corporate tax write-offs isn't just about economics; it's about our values. For too long, we've listened to a handful of people with money and power who say: Cut taxes for those at the top, cut rules and regulations that keep everyone honest, and let everyone else fight over the scraps. We tried trickle-down economics, and it failed.

But we can make different choices -- choices that reflect our values. We don't have to ignore this problem. We can give a small boost to 71 million Americans who have earned it and who need it.

We can lift over 1 million people out of poverty. We can extend the life of Social Security. And we can do it by shutting down taxpayer giveaways to a handful of wealthy corporations that will do fine without them. For me, this is simple. Our spending should reflect our values, and that means passing the SAVE Benefits Act.",1
3177,"Fireworks erupt between Trump and Bush, Rubio and Cruz at GOP debate","Sparks flew at the toughest and liveliest GOP primary debate yet Saturday night, as Donald Trump and Jeb Bush clashed over the Middle East and George W. Bushs legacy, trading insults at a rapid clip  and the two Cuban-American senators in the race accused each other of lying on immigration and even questioned each others Spanish-speaking skills.

And just when it seemed Trump and Ted Cruz might steer clear of each other, the two leading Republican candidates entered the ring toward the end of the debate when the Texas senator questioned the billionaire businessmans pro-life credentials.

You are the single biggest liar. Youre probably worse than Jeb Bush, Trump said.

Cruz stood his ground, charging that Trump would appoint liberals to the Supreme Court if elected.

The issue of judicial appointments was front and center at the CBS News-hosted debate in Greenville, S.C., in the wake of Justice Antonin Scalias death, with candidates like Cruz saying it underscores the high stakes in this election. Several candidates called for a delay in any high court appointment or confirmation.

But the barbed and often personal exchanges Saturday marked a new phase of the race, as the candidates charge into next weeks critical South Carolina primary. The clashes left Ohio Gov. John Kasich  the affable, second-place finisher in the New Hampshire primary  making an appeal for peace in the GOP field, albeit one unlikely to be heeded.

I think were fixing to lose the election to Hillary Clinton if we dont stop this, Kasich said.

Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, too, warned about the coming general election and said, We cannot be tearing each other down.

The appeals came shortly after Cruz and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio accused each other of being soft on illegal immigration. Its an argument theyve had before  Cruz faults Rubio for backing a comprehensive immigration reform bill that included a path to legal status, and Rubio says Cruz was on board with that effort  but this time, it became more heated. And after Cruz accused Rubio of saying on Univision he wouldnt rescind President Obamas immigration executive orders on day one, Rubio quipped:

I dont know how he knows what I said on Univision because he doesnt speak Spanish, Rubio said.

Cruz, then, immediately began debating Rubio in Spanish. Rubio continued, saying Cruz lies about all sorts of things and indeed supports legalizing illegal immigrants.

As the Rubio-Cruz battle heated up, so did the long-simmering feud between Trump and Bush.

This is a man who insults his way to the nomination, Bush said of Trump.

With Bush attempting a comeback in the race after a fourth-place finish in New Hampshire, Trump faced a feistier debate rival on stage Saturday night than he has before  boosted in part by what seemed to be a sympathetic audience.

The audience often booed Trump when he took on Bush, though Trump once again accused them of representing Bushs special interests and lobbyists.

Their most personal dispute came when Trump accused Bush of promoting a policy that would get the U.S. mired more deeply in the Middle East  and blamed the former Florida governors brother for the problems there.

Trump initially took issue with Jeb Bushs call to confront ISIS while also taking on Syrias Bashar Assad and sidelining Russia.

Jeb is so wrong, Trump said. You have to knock out ISIS. .... You decide what you have to do after. You cant fight two wars at one time.

Bush, though, said Russia is not a U.S. ally, and Assads hold on power prevents a resolution in the war. Trump then went on to repeatedly slam the decision under the George W. Bush administration to enter Iraq in the first place, calling it a big fat mistake that destabilized the Middle East.

They lied about WMDs, he said.

I am sick and tired of him going after my family, Jeb Bush countered, saying hes proud of his brothers efforts to keep the country safe.

Trump then invoked 9/11: The World Trade Center came down  Thats not keeping us safe.

Rubio, who has often been at odds with Bush, leapt to his brothers defense, saying the Bush administration kept us safe.

Jeb Bush joked that he was rescinding Trumps invitation to an upcoming rally with George W. Bush on the campaign trail.

The fireworks flew after the debate started on a somber note, discussing the legacy of Supreme Court Justice Scalia and the impact his death Saturday will have.

Several candidates urged President Obama to refrain from nominating anybody to fill the vacancy, and wait for the next president to make that decision. Trump, though, said he doesnt expect Obama to wait, and called on Senate Republicans to hold up any nomination.

Kasich urged Obama to put the country first and not move forward with a nomination, a plea echoed by Rubio. Obama, though, said minutes before the start of the debate that he indeed plans to nominate a successor.

The GOP candidates, meanwhile, used opening remarks to honor Scalias legacy.

Cruz called him a legal giant who changed the arc of American legal history. He said Scalias death also underscores the stakes of this election.

We are one justice away from a Supreme Court that will strike down every restriction on abortion by states, threaten gun rights and undermine religious liberty, Cruz said. He said he would appoint a strict constitutionalist if elected.

Scalias death thrusts the issue of judicial appointments into the 2016 race, raising the possibility that the next president immediately will have to fill a high court vacancy. While Obama vowed Saturday to nominate a successor, its unclear whether he can get any appointee confirmed in the Republican-led Senate.

While the prospect of a Supreme Court vacancy now looms over the race, the South Carolina primary already was heating up on several fronts in recent days, with the candidates trading accusations on immigration and other issues.

The debate Saturday reflects that tougher tone, in a state notorious for bare-knuckle primary battles. Trump at one point accused Cruz of trying to spread rumors in the state that hes not running in South Carolina  likening that to his campaigns actions in Iowa, where representatives spread false rumors that Carson was dropping out.

Nasty guy, now I know why he doesnt have one endorsement from any of his colleagues, Trump said.

Even Kasich struggled to avoid the fray, as Bush criticized him for expanding Medicaid under ObamaCare and said that would create more debt.

He knows that Im not for ObamaCare, Kasich said, before vowing to stay positive. 

The GOP field is now down to six candidates -- after New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former Hewlett Packard chief executive Carly Fiorina dropped out following low finishes Tuesday in the New Hampshire primary.

A big question Saturday night, and going forward, was whether Rubio could regain his momentum  following last weekends lackluster performance. A withering attack by Christie on Rubio, which had the Florida senator repeating himself, appeared to hurt him in the New Hampshire primary. Rubio himself blamed his debate performance in part for his fifth-place finish in the state. He finished behind Trump, Kasich, Cruz and Bush. Christie, though, is no longer on stage or in the race.

Most polling in South Carolina still shows Rubio third, with Trump and Cruz in the top two positions, respectively.",1
2832,"Obama, sounding like his critics, admits no 'complete strategy' for Iraq",The online comment fits closely with his campaign platform.,1
4294,How Ted Cruz Became Ted Cruz,"In 2008, in the high-profile Supreme Court gun-rights case called District of Columbia v. Heller, a brief was filed from the eighth floor of the Price Daniel Sr. State Office Building in Austin, Texas, specifically from the corner office of the man who was then the states solicitor general, Ted Cruz.

The brief took a strong stance on the divisive question of whether the Second Amendment establishes an individual right to own guns, or just protects state and local militias. The brief argued forcefully for the first view, writing that the individual right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right and that an individual right that can be altogether abrogated is no right at all. Thirty attorneys general from other states signed on.

Today, with the White House pushing new gun restrictions and Cruz's candidacy riding on next month's Iowa caucuses, it's no surprise that the Texas Republican would embrace gun rights as a defining issue, holding an event at a firing range and even raffling off an engraved 12-gauge shotgun as a campaign promotion.

In 2008, the situation was very different: he was wading into a case that had no immediate connection to Texas at all. But to see the signature of R. Ted Cruz on the brief would not have surprised the nine Supreme Court justices in the least. By that time, Cruz had been solicitor general for five years, and inserting himself into a case of wide prominence and importance regardless of any direct tie to Texas had become part of his playbook. He clearly saw the Heller case as a watershed in gun rights, writing that it would determine whether the Second Amendment has any modern relevance. And he was right. The Supreme Court in a 5-4 decision shot down the Washington, D.C., handgun ban and ruled for the first time in the history of this country that the amendment ensures an individual persons right to have a gun for self-defense. The National Rifle Association recognized Cruzs role with a resolution.

As Cruz climbs to the top of the Republican presidential field, the five-plus years he served as the solicitor general of Texas remain the most important period in his public rsum. Theyre the record he ran on when he was elected to the U.S. Senate in 2012and they represent significantly more of his working life than the three years he has served so far in the Senate. They're also a prime source of fodder for liberal and moderate critics, should be become the Republican presidential nominee.

A Politico review of Cruzs record as solicitor general shows he used the role in a new and far more ideological way than his predecessors, taking a relatively low-profile job that had traditionally been used mostly to defend the state government and turning it into a stage for pushing national conservative causes. Cruz argued eight cases in front of the U.S. Supreme Courtfar more than his predecessors and successorsusing each of them to advance a position endorsed by conservative thinkers. He also was the counsel of record on some 70 friend-of-the-court briefs, or amicus briefs, weighing in on cases across the country, like Heller, in which Texas had no direct stake, but which similarly offered a chance to argue ideological points.

He really turned the office into a platform, David Bernstein, a George Mason law professor who recently wrote a book about the Obama administration for which Cruz wrote the foreword, said in an interview.

He built up the national aura of the office, said Tom Phillips, who was the chief justice of the Supreme Court of Texas at the start of Cruzs run as solicitor general.

Cruzs zealous work served the ambitions of the conservative movement, but he also personally used it to build a bridge between what he was (an elite constitutional law nerd) to what he is today (an ascendant right-wing politician). Yet while pleasing to conservatives, other aspects of his record are sure to attract critics. He argued against leniency for an unjustly sentenced man whose lawyer had made a technical mistake; he invoked 13th-century Saxon law and the practice of cutting off testicles to justify harsher punishments in a rape case; and he referred to a late-term abortion technique as infanticide.

Although little examined in the race so far, Cruzs time as solicitor general built him a powerful allegiance among the conservative donors necessary to launch a national campaign. Heading into Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina and beyond, he has more money at his disposal than any candidate besides Jeb Bush. And the way he used that Texas office is part of the reason. Toby Neugebauer, who wrote a $10 million check to the Cruz super PAC called Keep the Promise II, told me the reason he did thatthe single reasonis what Cruz did as solicitor general. He said other major donors feel the same way.

Were backing someone, Neugebauer told me, that had a worldview and went out and executed on it.

Cruz took the solicitor job as a reboot of sorts after his initial foray into politics had fizzled.

As a debater at Princeton, as a law school student at Harvard, and as a clerk to then-Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist, Cruz was widely considered brilliantbut he left his first real job as a promising appellate attorney in private practice in Washington to instead toil in 2000 as a domestic policy analyst in George W. Bushs presidential campaign, then as a legal hand for Bushs team in the frantic recount in Florida that ultimately won Bush the election.

In return, Cruz desperately wanted a senior post in the White House, he wrote in his autobiography. On the campaign, though, he had earned a reputation for his outsized ego as much as for his obvious intelligence, and the post-election jobs he got were out-of-the-way roles at the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission. I just dont like the guy, Bush has said since. The solicitor general role in his home state of Texas, offered to him by Greg Abbottthen the attorney general of Texas, now the governorwas a political lifeline.

From the start, it offered a chance to turn his legal acumen into political potential, because it came with a green light to advance conservative aims in the courts. Abbotts directive for the solicitor general of Texas, Cruz said in his book, was to look across the country and identify chances to defend conservative principles.

This is not the traditional definition of a solicitor generals job, which comes with two main duties. The first: States get sued, attorneys general and their staffs respond, and some of the cases get appealedand thats where the solicitor general comes in, representing the state in higher courts, where the cases are the most legalistic and complex. The second: the writing of amicus briefs in cases elsewhere in which a state believes it has an interest even though its not a party.

The first part can be seen as defense. The second part is more like offense, selectively advancing the interests of the state. The way Cruz did the job? Even the defense was offense, and the interests being asserted were less those of the state than its conservative leaders.

Texas is a huge state, and theres plenty of work for the attorney generals office to do, said Jim Ho, an attorney in Dallas who succeeded Cruz as solicitor general and is a friend and supporter. Cruz, though, was not content to simply do what was asked and go home.

When it came to cases that allowed him to argue for things like the forceful application of the death penalty and expressions of religion in the public arena and against things like abortion and gun control, Ho told me, Cruz was on constant watch for opportunities to press a conservative vision of the Constitution.",1
1524,Accord reached after Sanders sues the DNC over suspended access to critical voter list,"The presidential campaign of Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont filed a lawsuit against the Democratic National Committee on Friday, arguing that the party had unfairly suspended the campaigns access to key voter information. After several tense hours, both sides announced a deal had been reached.

The suit came shortly after campaign manager Jeff Weaver acknowledged at a Washington news conference that Sanders staffers had improperly reviewed information gathered by rival Hillary Clinton earlier in the week. But he accused the DNC of overreacting to the breach by suspending the Sanders campaigns ability to access the computer system containing information about Democratic-leaning voters, including data the campaign has gathered about its own supporters.

After midnight, Sanders and the DNC put out statements that both indicated the impasse had been resolved but that put remarkably different spins on the outcome. Sanderss campaign said the DNC had capitulated and that Sanders would soon regain access to the data. The DNC said what happened was completely unacceptable and that it would continue to investigate the circumstances even as Sanders regained access to the valuable information.

Without a quick resolution, the messy public brawl threatened to overshadow Saturdays third Democratic presidential debate and cast doubt on the DNCs ability to manage the sophisticated data tools necessary for the party to win the White House next year. And it sparked significant suspicions among Sanders supporters that the party was conspiring to give a boost to Clinton.

DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz rejected that allegation Friday, alleging that Sanders staffers had exploited a software error to essentially steal data from Clintons campaign. Wasserman Schultz said the party would not allow Sanders access to the critical database again until his campaign agreed to an independent audit of what happened.

The suit, filed in federal court in Washington, argued that under a contract between the DNC and the campaign governing the data systems use, formal notice in writing is required if either side believes the other has violated the deal. In addition, each side is supposed to be allowed 10 days to address any concerns, the suit said.

The DNC may not suspend the Campaigns access to critical Voter Data out of haste or desperation to clean up after the DNCs own mistakes, the suit says.

The voter data is heavily used to raise money, and the Sanders campaign estimated that it is losing $600,000 a day in critical fundraising and publicity opportunities without access to the files.

The incident strained the relationship between the campaign of an upstart Vermont senator who until this year has run as an independent and a national party his supporters have long accused of favoring Clinton.

Weaver accused the party of purposely sabotaging Sanders by refusing to restore access to the voter information.

By their action, the leadership of the Democratic National Committee is now actively attempting to undermine our campaign, Weaver said. I think if you look at the pattern of conduct ... it looks like in this case theyre trying to help the Clinton campaign.

NGP-VAN, the computer vendor that provides Democrats with detailed information about voters, has said that a computer error on Wednesday briefly allowed the campaigns to review information that had been gathered by their rivals.

The company maintains a master voter list for the DNC and rents it to national and state campaigns, which then add their own, proprietary information gathered by field workers and volunteers. Firewalls are supposed to prevent campaigns from viewing data gathered by rival campaigns.

The Sanders campaign has acknowledged that several of its staffers probed the system during the time of the error cited by NGP-VAN. One operative, data director Josh Uretsky, was fired as a result of the incident. Weaver said the actions of several others are being reviewed.

Landing at the airport in Manchester, N.H., ahead of Saturdays debate, Wasserman Schultz said that Sanders himself was unaware of the breach until she called to discuss it 24 hours after it took place. He was stunned, she said. I know that Sen. Sanders had absolutely nothing to do with this. ... Unfortunately, he has staff who acted inappropriately, and they need to be held accountable.

The severity of the data breach itself remained an issue of serious dispute Friday.

Audit data from NGP-VAN and provided to The Washington Post by the Clinton campaign showed that four Sanders staffers conducted 24 separate searches of Clinton data during a 40-minute window Wednesday, targeting early voting states and searching for lists of voters most and least likely to support Clinton. The logs show that in some cases, the staffers saved the search results in new folders created within the system.

This was a very egregious breach and our data was stolen. This was not an inadvertent glimpse into our data, Clintons campaign manager, Robby Mook, told reporters.

On CNN, Clinton campaign spokesman Brian Fallon accused the Sanders staffers of acting like kids in the candy store.

They went hog wild, downloading as much data as they could, he said.

Later Friday, the Clinton camp struck a more conciliatory tone, issuing a statement in which Fallon said that his campaign was hopeful the matter would be resolved Friday night and that the Sanders team would get access to its voter files right away.

Uretsky told The Post that he and the others conducted the searches of Clinton data after they discovered the software glitch only in an effort to discover the extent of their own data exposure. We intentionally did it in a way that was trackable and traceable so that when they did an audit they would be able to see exactly what we did, he said.

Uretsky said there was no attempt to take Clinton information out of the software system.

Weaver blamed the software vendor for the breach, which allowed all campaigns to access one anothers data for a time, insisting that the Sanders campaign had actually quietly alerted the DNC to problems with another vendor system in October.

In the lawsuit, the campaign argued that a similar security incident during the 2008 presidential campaign resulted in unintentional transmission of confidential information to Clintons unsuccessful presidential campaign against Barack Obama.

Weaver said a tick-tock provided to the Sanders campaign by the computer vendor confirmed that staffers were not attempting to remove significant Clinton data from the system.

We are running a clean campaign, he said. We dont need dirty tricks.

Even before this week, Sanders backers had accused the DNC of trying to protect Clinton by limiting the number and prominence of debates  a narrative that plays into his anti-establishment appeal.

Theyve been sabotaging Bernies campaign all along, said RoseAnn DeMoro, executive director of National Nurses United, an 185,000-member union that is backing Sanders.

News of the data breach broke just as Sanders was enjoying a fresh burst of momentum after months in which his campaign appeared to have stalled.

On Thursday, Sanders received his biggest union endorsement to date, from the 700,000-member Communications Workers of America. He also was endorsed by Democracy for America, a progressive group that claims 1million members nationwide. That group, founded by former Vermont governor Howard Dean, who is backing Clinton, said it had surveyed its membership and found 88 percent favored endorsing Sanders.

Sanders, who has raised most of his money from small donors over the Internet, also this week celebrated a fundraising milestone: more than 2 million contributions to his campaign. That figure made him competitive with the effort of President Obamas 2012 re-election effort during the same stretch.",1
2974,Why the latest Patriot Act reform wont be enough to rein in the NSA,"Recent debates over US government spying have focused on one specific program: the National Security Agency's bulk collection of Americans' telephone records  and the Patriot Act provision that supplied the program's legal justification. From that perspective, the partial expiration of the Patriot Act a week ago and the subsequent passage of surveillance reform legislation might seem like a decisive victory against mass surveillance.

But the surveillance debate is actually a lot bigger than the phone records program and the Patriot Act. The NSA has other spying programs with other legal foundations. And the USA Freedom Act, which President Obama signed on Tuesday, doesn't do anything to rein them in.

On Friday, I talked to John Napier Tye, a former State Department official who resigned last year over what he regards as unconstitutional surveillance by the US federal government. He sees the USA Freedom Act as ""a small step in the right direction,"" but he's hoping the next step will be a broader debate about other ways the US government spies on innocent Americans.

Most people have heard about the Patriot Act, which was signed just weeks after the 9/11 attacks, and was reformed this week by the USA Freedom Act. But Tye argues the real action is elsewhere.

""You have to keep in mind that most NSA collection on Americans was not under the Patriot Act. It was under other legal authorities. And none of that surveillance is affected by this new law,"" he says. ""When you think about all the collection that the NSA has been doing on Americans, a small percentage  5 or 10 percent, maybe less  was under the Patriot Act.""

Tye points to two other sources of authority for government spying. One is the 2008 FISA Amendments Act, which is the legal basis for a controversial NSA program called PRISM that collects private data from major internet companies like Google and Facebook. The other is Executive Order 12333, a Reagan-era directive that has become the basis for a lot of NSA spying.

Tye says that EO 12333 is ""an executive order, it's not a statute. It was never passed by Congress. It was originally issued by President Reagan in 1981 and has been amended several times since then  including by George W. Bush.""

A huge amount of our data is collected: Gmails and Yahoo messages, Facebook messages, Apple iMessages

EO 12333 ""gives a very broad grant of authority to intelligence agencies to do all kinds of things,"" Tye says. ""There's one section in there that allows the NSA to collect data on US persons as part of a lawful foreign intelligence investigation. That provision is being used to collect a huge amount of Americans' communications and data.""

When the government collects information overseas, it isn't bound by most US surveillance laws. The NSA has reserved the right to ""incidentally"" collect Americans' private communications overseas so long as Americans are not the target of a particular surveillance effort. But Tye argues that this is a huge loophole in practice.

""I don't think most Americans understand that almost all of their internet and phone data is either stored on backup servers overseas or transits outside of our borders,"" he says. ""A huge amount of our data is collected under this authority outside the borders of the US  Gmails and Yahoo messages, Facebook messages, Apple iMessages, Twitter, every service you can think of.""

Tye says he has firsthand knowledge of the extent of NSA spying programs. That's because he was an official in the State Department's Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor in 2013 when Edward Snowden's revelations became public.

""My jobs was internet freedom, promoting free and open internet around the world,"" Tye says. ""When the Snowden leaks happened in June of 2013, I was not surprised. I knew that a lot of stuff had been happening. I knew that a lot of surveillance was going on that no one knew about. And it didn't surprise me that this was finally front-page news.""

Congress should take a more active role in overseeing executive branch activity

Tye says that after the Snowden leaks, ""part of my job was to help develop responses to initiatives within the UN Human Rights Council and the UN General Assembly by Germany, Brazil, and other countries that were very concerned with online privacy. To be able to properly negotiate those efforts, I was briefed on the scope of US intelligence practices. In two different classified briefings, one in the fall of 2013 and one in the first part of 2014, I learned about activities under 12333.""

Tye believed these programs were unconstitutional and began filing complaints inside the government about them. He met with the intelligence committees in both the House and the Senate and filed complaints with the inspectors general of both the State Department and the National Security Agency. He says none of them were very interested in the issue.

So last summer, Tye quit his job and went public with his concerns in an op-ed for the Washington Post. He says he ran the op-ed through government censors to make sure it didn't disclose any classified information. Tye has spent the last year at the public interest group Avaaz and is now starting his own law firm that will focus on civil rights and human rights issues.

Tye would like President Obama to unilaterally revise Executive Order 12333 to better protect the privacy of Americans. If Obama doesn't, Tye would like Congress to hold hearings on the issue. ""I think that Congress should take a more active role in overseeing executive branch activity under 12333,"" Tye says. ""Congress should hold hearings and find out what protections really exist for Americans and how much our data is being collected.""

He also favors reforms to the FISA Amendments Act, which was passed by Congress in 2008. Whereas some provisions of the Patriot Act were set to expire this year  and have now been renewed until 2019  the FISA Amendments Act is permanent. The most controversial part of the FISA Amendments Act is Section 702, which allows warrantless surveillance to collect Americans' communications so long as the target is a foreigner located overseas.

""Under Section 702, the NSA is collecting a lot of stuff inside the United States that's nominally targeting foreigners but in fact is scooping up innocent communications from hundreds of millions of Americans,"" Tye says. Even worse, ""the FBI has access to that database and can search it for domestic criminal reasons. So the purpose of the law nominally was to allow the NSA to conduct foreign intelligence investigations. But as it's currently being used, the FBI is using this data for domestic criminal investigations. The protections that we normally want in place for domestic criminal investigations are not necessarily there.""",1
3364,"FBI expands probe of Clinton emails, launches independent classification review","The FBI has expanded its probe of Hillary Clinton's emails, with agents exploring whether multiple statements violate a federal false statements statute, according to intelligence sources familiar with the ongoing case.

Fox News is told agents are looking at U.S. Code 18, Section 1001, which pertains to ""materially false"" statements given either in writing, orally or through a third party. Violations also include pressuring a third party to conspire in a cover-up. Each felony violation is subject to five years in prison.

This phase represents an expansion of the FBI probe, which is also exploring potential violations of an Espionage Act provision relating to ""gross negligence"" in the handling of national defense information.

""The agents involved are under a lot of pressure and are busting a--,"" an intelligence source, who was not authorized to speak on the record, told Fox News.

The section of the criminal code being explored is known as ""statements or entries generally,"" and can be applied when an individual makes misleading or false statements causing federal agents to expend additional resources and time. In this case, legal experts as well as a former FBI agent said, Section 1001 could apply if Clinton, her aides or attorney were not forthcoming with FBI agents about her emails, classification and whether only non-government records were destroyed. It is not publicly known who may have been interviewed.

Fox News judicial analyst Judge Andrew Napolitano said the same section got Martha Stewart in trouble with the FBI. To be a violation, the statements do not need to be given under oath.

""This is a broad, brush statute that punishes individuals who are not direct and fulsome in their answers,"" former FBI intelligence officer Timothy Gill told Fox News. Gill is not connected to the email investigation, but spent 16 years as part of the bureau's national security branch, and worked the post 9/11 anthrax case where considerable time was spent resolving discrepancies in Bruce Ivins' statements and his unusual work activities at Fort Detrick, Md.

""It is a cover-all. The problem for a defendant is when their statements cause the bureau to expend more time, energy, resources to de-conflict their statements with the evidence,"" he said.

Separately, two U.S. government officials told Fox News that the FBI is doing its own classification review of the Clinton emails, effectively cutting out what has become a grinding process at the State Department. Under Secretary for Management Patrick Kennedy has argued to both Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and Congress that the ""Top Secret"" emails on Clinton's server could have been pulled from unclassified sources including news reports.

""You want to go right to the source,"" Gill said. ""Go to the originating, not the collateral, authority. Investigative protocol would demand that.""

On Friday, Clapper spokesman Brian Hale confirmed that no change has been made to the two ""Top Secrets"" emails after a Politico report said the intelligence community was retreating from the finding.

""ODNI has made no such determination and the review is ongoing,"" Hale said. Andrea G. Williams, spokeswoman for the intelligence community inspector general, said she had the same information. Kennedy is seeking an appeal, but no one can explain what statute or executive order would give Clapper that authority.

A U.S. government official who was not authorized to speak on the record said the FBI is identifying suspect emails, and then going directly to the agencies who originated them and therefore own the intelligence -- and who, under the regulations, have final say on the classification.

As Fox News previously reported, at least four classified Clinton emails had their markings changed to a category that shields the content from Congress and the public, in what State Department whistleblowers believed to be an effort to hide the true extent of classified information on the former secretary of state's server.

One State Department lawyer involved in the alleged re-categorization was Kate Duval. Duval once worked in the same law firm as Clinton's current and long-time lawyer David Kendall and at the IRS during the Lois Lerner email controversy. Duval left government service for private practice in mid-September.

Pamela K. Browne is Senior Executive Producer at the FOX News Channel (FNC) and is Director of Long-Form Series and Specials. Her journalism has been recognized with several awards. Browne first joined FOX in 1997 to launch the news magazine Fox Files and later, War Stories.

Catherine Herridge is an award-winning Chief Intelligence correspondent for FOX News Channel (FNC) based in Washington, D.C. She covers intelligence, the Justice Department and the Department of Homeland Security. Herridge joined FNC in 1996 as a London-based correspondent.",1
4933,Where is Gary Johnson?,"(CNN) Conservatives dissatisfied with Donald Trump have given the Libertarian presidential nominee a chance to take his third party to center stage, but Gary Johnson has not exactly been a fixture on the campaign trail.

Largely eschewing traditional campaign events, the former New Mexico governor has instead opted to appear almost daily on multiple news programs and appeal to his solid core of online support.

That could soon change as the campaign considers more regular appearances in the real world.

Johnson campaign spokesperson Joe Hunter told CNN Monday the campaign is now undergoing a ""natural evolution,"" having recently ramped up its fundraising efforts with the stated intention of buying advertisements in key states and beginning to hold rallies across the country.

Despite enjoying a brief surge in the lead-up to the major party conventions, Johnson has generally hovered in the high single digits in national polls. The latest CNN Poll of Polls showed Johnson at 9% support nationwide.

In a race where the majority of voters say they are dissatisfied with their mainstream offerings for president, where the Republican nominee has secured little support from the nation's largest generation -- millennials -- and where digital media has taken an unprecedented place in the political landscape, here's what Johnson is -- and isn't -- doing to make his long shot candidacy a viable bet.

Hunter called the constant interviews ""a critical"" component of the campaign, and after taking scheduling into account, ""We take every opportunity we get.""

Similar to Trump, Johnson and his running mate, Bill Weld, have relied on ""earned media"" in the form of appearances in the press.

Unlike Trump, the two almost always stay on message.

Since winning the nomination at the Libertarian Party's convention in May, Johnson and Weld, a former Massachusetts governor, have used their appearances to cast themselves as the centrist candidates between Trump and Hillary Clinton.

They point out their experience as Republican governors in traditionally Democratic-leaning states. Johnson often touts his laissez-faire approach to drugs and immigration, while Weld has pointed to his record on LGBT rights and his cordial relationship with both sides of the aisle, including the Clintons. Both champion their conservative credos on matters of spending.

But the live television appearances, including two prime-time town hall events on CNN, have not yet afforded the Libertarian ticket national recognition or a strong showing in the polls.

On the digital side, the Johnson campaign has largely stuck to its roots by embracing the Libertarian community online. Reaching supporters through social media and email, the campaign has kept its base abreast of its progress -- and appealed for funds.

The Johnson campaign said Tuesday its August ""money bomb"" fundraising campaign surpassed its goal of $1.5 million based off ""entirely digital"" appeals for money. The campaign said it raised $840,000 on Monday alone, totaling $2.9 million in donations in the first two weeks of the month.

A number of groups have fallen into place doing some of the heavy lifting that the long shot bid needs doing.

Among the most standout recent entries into the Johnson orbit is a newly minted group called Republicans for Johnson/Weld. The group formed this month to bring the GOP leaders and voters Trump had alienated into the Libertarian fold.

Republican strategist and group spokesperson Liz Mair told CNN Monday the pro-Johnson forces seeking to convert Republicans from a divisive nominee were in uncharted waters.

""I don't think anybody's tried to launch an effort like this,"" Mair said.

Despite the lack of an established path, Johnson has notched a few victories. Rep. Scott Rigell said he will support Johnson in November, and Reps. Reid Ribble and Mike Coffman have said they are considering it.

In separate interviews, Hunter and Mair both said they had heard supportive words from Republican politicians but that many were not ready to come out into the open against their party.

The outside group could be a key factor in the mainstreaming of Johnson. It already holds several well-known Republican staffers. On Monday, it added Joseph Russo III, a former Sarah Palin aide, Mair said.

Given the nature of the group, Mair said a ""number of us have better connections"" to GOP Capitol Hill figures than the Libertarian campaign.

What will Mitt Romney do?

Within the Johnson campaign, Weld has taken the lead on outreach to Republicans. However, his biggest prize still eludes him: 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney.

Romney served as governor of Massachusetts after Weld and has said if Weld were topping the ticket, he would be supporting them, but he still needed to hear what Johnson had to say. Months have passed since then without a Romney endorsement.

The Libertarian efforts to sway Republicans have also had to push back against the notion they are helping Clinton.

Johnson has said he is pulling about evenly from both sides and been forceful in his condemnation of Trump.

Mair said Trump was doing the work of helping Clinton on his own and that Clinton's win was at this point ""overwhelming likely,"" although Johnson still had a chance in an unpredictable cycle.

""The Republicans screwed up. That's not Gary Johnson's fault,"" she said.

Up in the air

Hunter said many people would not come to their side until the Johnson candidacy had reached a ""critical mass,"" which they hope to achieve by ramping up their campaign efforts and their ad spending.

In addition to television ads, the campaign said it was looking at radio, billboards and continuing its online efforts.

As with the major party candidates, outside spending groups have also taken it upon themselves to launch ads in support of Johnson. A Libertarian spending group called Americans Deserve Better PAC has put together a few spots hailing the former governors as the ""adults"" in the race.

Republicans for Johnson/Weld, meanwhile, said its focus is less on traditional advertising than generating viral content. So far, however, one of the group's most viral moments came not from distributed content, but from an appearance on CNN. Ahead of the second Libertarian town hall, Mair told CNN's Anderson Cooper that Trump's message ""is being a loud-mouthed d---, basically.""

All told, this third party effort has so far expounded more resources on general election advertisements than Trump's campaign, which has yet to join in the air wars.

All of these efforts have so far been dwarfed by Clinton and her allied super PACs, which have spent exponentially more than the three other presidential campaigns.

Johnson has not been able to draw the kind of rock star crowd sizes that Trump or Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders attracted earlier this year.

The former New Mexico governor held one rally in Utah on a Saturday earlier this month and another in Reno, Nevada. After rescheduling, he is set to hold another in Albuquerque, New Mexico, this Saturday.

His campaign said it was still working out specifics on other rallies in the near future but that it planned to host public events soon in Florida and New England.

Meanwhile, fundraising efforts have come largely from the digital side, although the campaign said the governors have appealed directly for funds, with a planned event in Miami on Wednesday.

Their most prominent fundraising event so far came in late July at a Hollywood event hosted by Drew Carey, the Libertarian host of ""The Price is Right.""",1
4880,What happens if Clinton drops out?,"Whether an October surprise may have come a month early, its too soon to say.

But Hillary Clintons weekend health scare already has started to stir speculation about whether Democratic officials should be discussing the possibility of a Plan B, in case they need to hastily arrange for a replacement nominee.

Which raises a basic question: How does that work?

Democratic Party bylaws say the DNC has the power to fill vacancies in the nominations for the office of the president and vice president when the national convention is not in session.

Under party rules, the DNC chair  currently Donna Brazile  could call a special meeting, and fill the vacancy by a majority vote of those present.

Analysts still see this scenario as exceedingly unlikely. It appears party leaders have no authority to sideline Clinton, meaning the special meeting would kick in only if she were to step aside voluntarily. The nominee and her aides say she's recovering and feeling much better now.

But after Clinton left a 9/11 memorial Sunday stumbling and being helped into an SUV by multiple aides -- an incident the campaign tied to a recent pneumonia diagnosis and other factors -- some Democrats are at least thinking about that process.

Former DNC Chairman Don Fowler told Politico that the party needs to develop a plan immediately for finding a potential successor candidate.

Former Al Jazeera and MSNBC anchor David Shuster tweeted Sunday that the DNC was considering an emergency meeting to talk about a Clinton replacement, although his source emphasized her status as nominee was up to her, not the party.

NPRs Cokie Roberts said Monday that Democrats already are considering another candidate.

It has them very nervously beginning to whisper about having her step aside and finding another candidate, Roberts said, adding that its unlikely to be a real thing and describing the talk as likely an overreaction.

Perhaps inadvertently feeding that frenzy, former Ohio Democratic Gov. Ted Strickland introduced Clinton running mate Tim Kaine at an event Monday by describing him as ready to become the president if necessary,The Columbus Dispatchreported.

But in the, albeit unlikely, scenario of a replacement scramble, Kaine isnt necessarily a shoo-in.

Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, Vice President Joe Biden, Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren and others could all be possible candidates.

Historian Doug Wead told Fox News Neil Cavuto that the votes would tend to go toward whomever the top of the ticket endorses, though its not guaranteed.

Whatever [Clinton] says will likely hold sway, but legally, technically they have their own vote, he said.

Replacing a member of a major-party ticket would be exceedingly rare, though not unprecedented. This happened in 1972 when Democratic nominee George McGoverns running mate -- Sen. Thomas Eagleton -- withdrew from the race in July after it was revealed he had undergone electric shock treatment for mental health issues.

Eagleton was replaced in August by Sargent Shriver as the new vice presidential nominee. The McGovern/Shriver ticket went on to lose the race in a landslide to incumbent President Richard Nixon.

Rick Hasen, who runs theElection Law Blog, told FoxNews.com that the situation could become significantly more complicated if it were to play out later in the calendar.

The more complicated problem would arise if ballots have already been printed, and people would have started voting. There, the Electoral College would come into play, and electors from the party would be expected to vote for the replacement nominee, Hasen said.

The first absentee ballots were mailed out in Sept. 9 in North Carolina, and many other states will soon follow. By mid-September the deadlines for both parties to certify candidates for the general election will have passed in every state  meaning lawsuits might have to be filed to try and get a replacement on the ballot.

The DNC did not respond to a request for comment from FoxNews.com.

This isnt the first time this election cycle there has been talk of a candidate dropping out. In August, during a particularly rough patch of poll numbers for Trump, some GOP officials were reportedly considering contingency plans in case the Republican nominee dropped out.

Adam Shaw is a Politics Reporter and occasional Opinion writer for FoxNews.com. He can be reached here or on Twitter: @AdamShawNY.",1
3512,Brothers ID'd as suicide bombers in Belgium,"(CNN) Several bombers are dead. At least one alleged attacker is still on the loose.

And a key question looms as investigators race to piece together details about the attackers behind Tuesday's deadly bombings in Belgium's capital: Were these men acting alone, or were other members of a terror cell supporting them?

Raids, arrests and forensic analysis are some of the tools investigators are using to get to the bottom of who was behind the attacks in Brussels, which killed 31 people and wounded 270 others.

Two of the bombers were brothers. And one of the bombers at the airport appears to be a man authorities named as a suspect in the Paris terror attacks.

But the investigation is far from finished. With at least one suspect on the run, the stakes are high, Belgian counterterrorism official Paul Van Tigchelt said Wednesday.

""There are still a number of people, possibly involved in the attacks still in our country ... who still pose a threat,"" he said.

Here's a look at the latest developments in the investigation, and the questions they raise.

Belgian federal prosecutor Frederic Van Leeuw identified Ibrahim El Bakraoui as one of two suicide bombers at the Brussels airport and his brother, Khalid El Bakraoui, as the man behind a deadly suicide blast about an hour later on a train near the Maelbeek metro station.

This isn't the first time they've come across authorities' radar.

Ibrahim El Bakraoui was deported by Turkey to the Netherlands last year, a senior Turkish official told CNN. The Turkish presidency's office said authorities there captured him in July 2015 and flagged him to Belgian authorities.

Belgian authorities, the Turkish official said, responded soon after saying he had a criminal record but no known ties to terrorism.

""These two deceased suicide bombers had lengthy criminal records,"" he said, ""but (were) not linked to terrorism.""

Ibrahim El Bakraoui had been sentenced in October 2010 by a Brussels criminal court to nine years behind bars for opening fire on police officers with a Kalashnikov during a robbery, according to Belgian public broadcaster RTBF and CNN affiliate RTL.

Interpol had issued a ""red notice"" for Khalid El Bakraoui, the subway bomber, that noted Belgian authorities wanted him in connection with terrorism. But it wasn't clear when that notice was issued or why Belgian authorities now say he had no ties to terrorism.

Question to consider: If they were already on authorities' radar, how did the brothers manage to slip through the cracks and carry out the deadly attacks?

Surveillance images showing three men pushing luggage carts through the airport have played an important role as authorities work to pinpoint the suspects.

Authorities say bomber Ibrahim El Bakraoui is the man in the middle. Najim Laachraoui, an ISIS bomb-maker, is the man on the left in the picture, a Belgian counterterrorism official told CNN's Paul Cruickshank.

Investigators believe both were killed in the airport blast. But authorities are looking for the third man in the photo, walking on the right and wearing light-colored clothing and a hat.

Belgium's interior minister said that man placed a bomb at the airport and left.

While two explosives went off within 37 seconds of each other shortly before 8 a.m., this third bomb -- described as the ""heaviest"" by Van Leeuw -- did not, instead being detonated by authorities later in a controlled explosion.

Questions to consider: Where did the man in light-colored clothing go? Is anyone helping him hide out from authorities, and could he be plotting another attack?

Two people were arrested in Brussels in connection with the attacks -- one in Schaerbeek and the other in Haren, Van Leeuw said.

One was released later that day, according to the prosecutor.

Another person was detained Wednesday, according to Belgian public broadcaster RTBF.

One raid, officials said, came after a tip from a taxi driver led them to the northeast Brussels area of Schaerbeek.

The driver recognized the men shown in surveillance footage and told authorities he'd driven the men to the airport before the attacks. Police raided the area where the driver told them he'd picked up the men.

On Wednesday, they made another significant find: Ibrahim El Bakraoui's will.

Police found the airport bomber's will on a computer in a trash can in Schaerbeek, Van Leeuw said.

The will indicated Bakraoui ""needs to rush"" and ""no longer feels safe.""

Questions to consider: Who are the people who were arrested, and what was their alleged role in the attacks?

The latest connection: Laachraoui, a suspect in the Paris attacks who authorities now say they believe was one of the Brussels airport bombers.

Investigators believe Abdeslam likely planned to be part of an attack orchestrated by the same ISIS cell that carried out Tuesday's attacks, a senior Belgian counterterrorism official told Cruickshank.

The Brussels attackers likely accelerated their plans when police discovered Abdeslam's hideout, investigators believe.

And one of the apartments where he hid before his capture, located in the southern Brussels district of Forest, allegedly has ties to one of the Bakraoui brothers.

Questions to consider: What role, if any, did Abeslam's arrest play in the Brussels attacks? Are there other links between the Paris and Brussels attacks?

Another piece of evidence authorities found during the Brussels raids could help in their investigation: unused explosives.

In the Schaerbeek residence, authorities found 15 kilograms of the explosive TATP and screws among the bomb-making materials there, Van Leeuw said.

""Such bombs have been a signature of jihadist terrorists in the West for more than a decade because the materials are so easy to acquire, unlike military-grade explosives, which are tightly controlled in much of the West,"" CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen said.

TATP-based bombs require technical know-how and bulk purchases of hydrogen peroxide or hair bleach. That helps authorities narrow down potential bomb-making suspects, because making the explosives can sometimes bleach hair. So authorities can identify bomb-makers in part by recognizing unusually bleached hair or asking sellers to report any suspiciously large purchases of hydrogen peroxide.

Questions to consider: Will the bomb-making materials lead investigators to any new suspects or help them dismantle a terror cell?",1
2546,Don't blame all immigrants for San Francisco shooting,"Raul A. Reyes is an attorney and member of the USA Today board of contributors. Follow him on Twitter @RaulAReyes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.

(CNN) As the nation was preparing for the July Fourth weekend, there was grim news from San Francisco. On Wednesday night, Kate Steinle , 31, was fatally shot, apparently randomly, while walking with her father on a busy pier. A Mexican immigrant, who CNN reported was in the country without documentation, was arrested in her death.

Illegally re-entering the country after being deported, as Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez is said to have done, is a federal felony . He has also been accused of a horrific, violent crime. And according to immigration authorities, he has seven other felony convictions, including four for drug offenses.

But that doesn't make him a symbol of the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the United States. Nor is he the poster boy for out-of-control illegal immigration across our southern border (illegal immigration from Mexico is at a 40-year low). He does not represent the overwhelming majority of immigrants in this country -- legal or otherwise -- who are productive members of society.

Lopez-Sanchez is simply a dangerous individual who should not have been free and among us.

It is a myth that increased illegal immigration leads to more crime. Research from the Immigration Policy Center shows that crime rates fell in the United States as the size of our immigrant population, including undocumented immigrants, grew from 1990 to 2010.

Most undocumented immigrants come to the United States to work and provide a better life for themselves and their families.

Consider that several mass shootings, from Aurora to Newtown to Charleston, were committed by young white men. Does that mean that all young white men are potential mass murderers? Of course not.

The same news outlets that are now trumpeting Wednesday's murder as proof that undocumented immigrants are criminals often overlook or ignore other stories of undocumented immigrants who are genuine heroes. In 2013, an undocumented immigrant rescued a mother and her child on Staten Island, New York, amidst the storm surge of Superstorm Sandy.

One takeaway from this episode is that deporting as many undocumented immigrants as possible is not the answer to our immigration problems. Lopez-Sanchez had been deported five times, and yet he was still here in the country without authorization.

Back in 2011, the deputy director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement told an immigration subcommittee of Congress that it costs $12,500 to deport a person. Multiply this by five and that is how much taxpayer money was wasted on a criminal who remained at large to randomly take the life of an innocent young woman.

Another lesson here is our country does not need more immigration enforcement; our country needs smarter and better immigration enforcement. Up to now, immigration authorities have wasted time, manpower and money chasing after people working productively in their communities as, say, gardeners and maids, while felons like Lopez-Sanchez slipped through the cracks.

That's why it was good news last week that the Department of Homeland Security announced it is rethinking its deportation priorities to focus on recent arrivals and serious criminals.

This move is a step in the right direction, because it is time to start seriously targeting those immigrants who are a real threat to public safety. The government will be focusing its enforcement efforts on three categories of people: convicted criminals, recent border crossers and terrorism threats.

True, Lopez-Sanchez should not have been in the country, or he should have at least been behind bars. But Immigration and Customs Enforcement erred in not seeking a warrant or court order for his arrest and he was released in accordance with city law in March.

What's more, President Barack Obama's proposed executive action on immigration, currently tied up in a legal battle, might also have made a difference because it would have freed up resources to go after people like Lopez-Sanchez.

Although Steinle's death was a tragedy, it was the alleged action of one man. All undocumented immigrants do not deserve to be vilified by false association.",1
2596,Netanyahu: I Won't Allow Israel to Be 'Submerged' by Refugees,"Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday said he would not allow Israel to be ""submerged"" by refugees after calls for the Jewish state to take in those fleeing Syria's war.

Speaking at the weekly cabinet meeting, Netanyahu also announced the start of construction of a fence along Israel's border with Jordan, according to his office.

""We will not allow Israel to be submerged by a wave of illegal migrants and terrorist activists,"" Netanyahu said.

""Israel is not indifferent to the human tragedy of Syrian and African refugees... but Israel is a small country  very small  without demographic or geographic depth. That is why we must control our borders.""

Opposition leader Isaac Herzog on Saturday said Israel should take in Syrian refugees, recalling the plight of Jews who sought refuge from past conflicts.

Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas also called for Israel to allow Palestinians from refugee camps in Syria to travel to the Palestinian territories, whose external borders are controlled by the Jewish state.

There is already hostility in Israel toward asylum-seekers from Africa and a concerted government effort to repatriate them.

Rights groups say thousands of African asylum seekers have been coerced into ""voluntary"" departures.

Official figures show 45,000 illegal immigrants are in Israel, almost all from Eritrea and Sudan. Most of those not in detention live in poor areas of southern Tel Aviv, where there have been several protests against them.

The start of construction of the 30-kilometer (19-mile) fence announced by Netanyahu involves extension of a security barrier to part of its eastern border with Jordan in a bid to keep out militants and illegal migrants.

Netanyahu said when it was approved in June that the new fence was a continuation of a 240-kilometer barrier built along the Egyptian border which ""blocked the entry of illegal migrants into Israel and the various terrorist movements"".

In its first stage, the new fence is being built along Israel's eastern border between Eilat and where a new airport will be built in the Timna Valley.

""We will continue the fence up to the Golan Heights,"" Netanyahu said.

That would take it into the Israeli-occupied West Bank along the Jordan Valley, an area which is already under Israeli military control but is claimed by the Palestinians as part of their state.

Israel has insisted on maintaining troops in the area in any final peace agreement, a stance completely rejected by the Palestinians who say it would be a violation of their sovereignty and merely perpetuate the occupation.

Israel also has a fence that runs along the Syrian frontier through the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights.

Those fences are in addition to a barrier that runs through the West Bank, which Israel began building during the second Palestinian intifada, or uprising, which lasted from 2000-2005.

Israel seized 1,200 square kilometers (460 square miles) of the Golan from Syria in the 1967 Six Day War and annexed it 14 years later, in a move never recognized by the international community.",1
1475,3 Questions Ahead Of Tonight's Democratic Debate,"Sunday night's Democratic debate comes at a crucial moment. The two front-runners  Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders  are closer in the polls than ever, and the Iowa caucus is only two weeks away.

Up until now, Clinton has done well in debates; it's a format that suits her. But Sanders' message is breaking through, and he's gaining in the polls nationally, leads in New Hampshire and is neck and neck with Clinton in Iowa. That means the pressure is on for both candidates Sunday night. The debate, taking place in Charleston, S.C., begins at 9 p.m. EST. The NBC/YouTube/Congressional Black Caucus Institute debate will air on NBC broadcast stations and livestreamed on NBC digital platforms, including its YouTube channel.

Here's what the candidates need to do  and avoid:

Needs: Show why her plans are pragmatic solutions that work for the progressive base, while still respecting Sanders supporters. She's gotten away from her answer in the first debate that she's ""a progressive who likes to get things done."" Then again, it's tough to make that argument to primary voters

Avoid: Lawyerly, unclear answers that play into an inauthentic narrative, especially paired against Sanders, whose authenticity has been key; attacks that could be seen as cheap shots, like on health care

Needs: Convince Democratic voters, who are skeptical he's presidential material, that he can win; show a facility with issues beyond his core message

Avoid: Pulling punches like he's done in past debates

Needs: Somehow appear relevant; as it is, he barely made it onto the debate stage. His poll numbers had to be rounded up to qualify

Avoid: Being dismissed, especially after the question on the investigation into his discounted purchase of furniture from the governor's office when he left.

1. Where does the race stand? Hillary Clinton seemed to have a comfortable lead on Vermont Independent Bernie Sanders last year, but that has slipped considerably and they are in a neck-and-neck race.

Sanders has picked up momentum with his message and his passion  and Democratic voters like him. He continues to lead in New Hampshire, where he's been in the top spot for the better part of the last five months. He's also closing in Iowa, which is perhaps more surprising, but that's a place where passion counts, because of how the caucuses are conducted.

Beyond the first two states, Clinton still has leads with non-white voters, who are critical to Clinton's ""firewall"" in the South. But that firewall might not look as insurmountable if she loses one or both of these first crucial contests.

2. What about the issues  what's dividing these two? Sanders has gained steam because of his clear message on Wall Street and income inequality. He's tried to tie Clinton to big financial institutions, and Clinton has struggled in defending those ties, as Sanders has labeled her the ""status quo.""

Lately, it's been health care and guns. Sanders voted for Obamacare, but he prefers a single-payer system; Clinton wants more modest tweaks. It may have been a bad tactic for Clinton's daughter Chelsea to try and go after Sanders from the left and accuse him of wanting to dismantle the Affordable Care Act. Clinton stood by her daughter. Bigger picture: Clinton has criticized Sanders for how to pay all of the reforms he wants. Sanders has not been completely forthcoming on a financial and tax plan, though he promises to explain later.

Clinton has harped on Sanders' past support for more moderate gun measures, including his support for a 2005 law that protects gun manufacturers from liability if a gun made by one of them is used in a killing. On Saturday, the day before the debate, Sanders came out in favor of a measure to amend the law.

3. So, with these dividing lines, do they go negative in the debate? There's a risk in going negative, but more so for Clinton. Sanders' voters are very loyal. Clinton is losing ground and can't afford to be completely positive. But how to attack Sanders in a way that resonates and seems authentic will be a challenge. Clinton's making the case she's the more electable  and certainly most Democratic voters would do anything to make sure a Republican isn't elected, especially Ted Cruz or Donald Trump.",1
2232,Obama's terror strategy is failing: US must heed lessons of 9/11,"It is increasingly apparent that the U.S. war against Islamic extremism has been put on hold by President Obama and his national security team.

President Obama failed to even mention Al Qaeda during his State of the Union address. In early January, the recent terrorist attacks in Paris against the Charlie Hebdo magazine and a kosher supermarket gave us a glimpse of what the future of terrorism looks like, and what the civilized world will have to defend against.

At the same time, the unfolding chaos in Yemen and loss of a U.S. partner in the fight against Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) raises serious concerns about the future of a country that four months ago President Obama cited as a successful model for U.S.-led efforts to defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL).



 

 ISIL and AQAP are two faces of the same enemy, radical violent Islam, which is on the march around the world.

In 2013, ISIL was confined to Syria and Iraq. As the Syria civil war dragged on, and in the absence of early, forceful intervention on the part of the United States or European nations, the chaotic situation spread to Iraq, where weak security services were no match for an emboldened terrorist army.

In 2014, global support to the Islamic State blossomed as it began to supplant likeminded terrorist groups, and the Islamic State counted affiliates in Algeria, Libya, Egypt, Saudi Arabia. ISIL even has begun to make inroads in Yemen, where the United States has been involved in efforts to degrade AQAP's capabilities, but have been unable to eliminate AQAP's ability to conduct attacks on us and our allies. AQAP remains one of the most pressing security threats America currently faces as the recent attacks in Paris show.

 

 In the wake of the Paris attacks and plots disrupted elsewhere in Europe, European capitals are rightfully defiant in the face of terror. But without a change in our strategy, the task of defending against the triple threat of home grown extremism, jihadists who have easy access to hotbeds of radicalization in places like Yemen and Syria, and the expansion of the Islamic State, will be nearly impossible.

 

 The Islamic State continues to recruit extremists in Europe, the Middle East, and as far away as southeast Asia, using targeted, high quality videos, magazines and literature copied in several languages to spread their message around the world. They trumpet their successes on the battlefield, and try to portray a welcoming environment centered on family and Islam as a means to attract terrorists and their families as subjects of their caliphate.

The United States and all civilized countries need to coordinate our efforts to fight the Islamic State first by cutting them off. We must counter their message on social media; bolster allies like Iraq and Jordan; and ensure that we prevent suspected terrorists from traveling back and forth between their homelands and places like Syria, Libya, and Yemen. Perhaps most importantly, we have to help governments eliminate the safe havens that the Islamic State relies on to gather strength. 

 

 Syria, Yemen, and Libya are all examples of our failure to learn one of the fundamental lessons of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 -- that failed and failing states breed instability and are potential safe havens for terrorists who will eventually turn their attention toward us.

 

 We also cannot afford to ignore another lesson of 9/11 and curtail intelligence gathering capabilities that have been legally and painstakingly established following those horrific attacks.

The U.S. government should implore American technology companies to cooperate with authorities so that we can better track terrorist activity and monitor terrorist communications as we face the increasing challenge of homegrown terrorists radicalized by little more than what they see on the Internet.

This year, a new Republican majority in both houses of Congress will have to extend current authorities under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, and I urge my colleagues to consider a permanent extension of the counterterrorism tools our intelligence community relies on to keep the American people safe.

 

 The challenge we face as free societies is unlike anything we have seen in recent decades. As we look at this moment in the long war against terrorism, it is encouraging to see Europeans aggressively moving to defend the continent following a horrific attack. But one need look no further than the setbacks in Yemen and the stalemate in Syria and Iraq to see the limitations of President Obama's current strategy. 

 

 Lofty speeches and half measures do not defeat terrorist groups. They also do not keep Americans safe in the long term. The threat from Islamic extremism is only growing and without greater leadership from the United States, I fear that it will only be a matter of time before innocent Americans pay the ultimate price if we continue to underestimate our enemies and not develop a strategy that is commensurate to the threat.

Republican Marco Rubio represents Florida in the U.S. Senate. He is a member of the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation and was a candidate for the Republican nomination for president in 2016.",1
127,Selma 50 years on: John Lewis's recalls the march,"Watch live coverage of ceremonies in Selma commemorating 50 years since ""Bloody Sunday"" starting at 11 a.m. ET Saturday on CNN and CNNgo

(CNN) Fifty years ago this weekend, a 25-year-old John Lewis was beaten so badly by Alabama state troopers that they fractured his skull.

Lewis calls the Edmund Pettus Bridge -- where the troopers and and a group of white men deputized into a posse by the sheriff attacked hundreds of peaceful protesters on Bloody Sunday, March 7, 1965 -- an ""almost holy place.""

Now a Democratic U.S. congressman, Lewis is returning to Selma -- as he has nearly every year since that historic march -- to remember the fight for voting rights and to push voters across the country to participate in the political process. He also wants people to continue to speak up about the problems of racial injustice and poverty that persist in American society.

""It is important to come back to remember Selma,"" Lewis told CNN in an interview at First Baptist Church. ""The vote is powerful. It is the most powerful nonviolent tool we have in a democratic society and I don't want people to forget that people paid a price.

""Selma, these churches and these people, gave it everything they had. We wouldn't be where we are today as a nation and as a people (if it) hadn't been for this community.""

Churches -- like Selma's First Baptist and Brown Chapel -- served as important meeting places during the movement, in part because they were run by the black community.

And music was vital as a unifying force.

""Without music, the movement would have been like a bird without wings,"" Lewis said.

He recalled how people would often sing during the marches, sometimes making up songs along the way.

""Music helped create a sense of solidarity, and there were people in some communities, in some towns and cities like Selma, saying if the meetings are being held at the church, it must be all right. That's the house of the Lord. They must be doing something that is right.""

Activists had been working for years in and around Selma trying to help people register to vote. At the time, only 2.1% of blacks in Dallas County were registered, Lewis said. When blacks attempted to register, they were often given impossible tasks, like counting the number of jelly beans in a jar or the number of bubbles on a bar of soap, to complete before being allowed to sign up. Black lawyers, doctors, business people, public school teachers and college professors were told they could not read and write well enough to pass the so-called literacy test.

As chairman of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee, Lewis -- along with many others -- would spill blood to change that, not only as a leader of the Bloody Sunday march but in other confrontations across the South.

Lewis was arrested some 40 times during the 1960s as he challenged the segregationist Jim Crow laws that kept blacks oppressed. He spent 44 days imprisoned in Mississippi during the Freedom Rides in 1961. As a student at Fisk University, he organized sit-ins at lunch counters in Nashville, Tennessee, even spending his birthday in jail there in 1961 -- so Lewis was no stranger to run-ins with the law. But the events of Bloody Sunday would prove fateful for the movement.

Television cameras and photographers captured the troopers attacking the marchers with night sticks and whips -- one man in the posse even had a rubber hose wrapped with barbed wire, Lewis wrote in his memoir ""Walking with the Wind.""

The troopers trampled the crowd with their horses and released nauseating tear gas. The pictures horrified citizens across the country. Eight days after the march, President Lyndon B. Johnson spoke before Congress about voting rights. He signed the Voting Rights Act on Aug. 6 to ensure that all citizens would be able to vote regardless of their skin color.

Five decades later, Lewis said a great deal of progress has been made in the struggle for equality. But he added that, despite having twice elected a black man to the nation's highest office, the country still has a long way to go to become the so-called ""Beloved Community"" Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. envisioned ""where we can lay down the burden of race.""

""We have a black president. We've made a lot of progress, but we're not a post-racial society yet,"" he said. ""We still have a distance to go. The scars and stains of racism are still deeply embedded in the American society.""

The need for 'righteous indignation'

Lewis, who has written a trilogy of graphic novels for young adults about his life called ""March,"" said it was important not to sweep the problems that still plague America under the rug and to instead speak up with a sense of ""righteous indignation.""

""You cannot be quiet. You have to speak up. You have to speak out. You have to find a way to get in the way and make some noise,"" he said, referring in particular to the killings of unarmed black men by police last summer in Ferguson, Missouri, and New York City.

He urged those demonstrating against police brutality and racial injustice to study and model the nonviolent methods of the civil rights activists of the 1950s and '60s.

The poverty affecting people of all races across the country still gnaws at Lewis, as does a lack of access to a good education. He believes people should be outraged about hunger and violence, and fired up to renew and strengthen the Voting Rights Act after a 2013 Supreme Court ruling gutted the key provision requiring certain states with a history of racial discrimination at the polls to ""pre-clear"" any changes to voting laws with the federal government before implementing them.

On Saturday, Lewis and nearly 100 members of Congress from both parties will join President Barack Obama at the bridge in Selma -- a bridge that still bears the name of a Confederate general who was also a Ku Klux Klan leader -- to mark the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday. The bipartisan event comes as efforts to update to the Voting Rights Act have stalled in Congress. Still, Lewis is optimistic both parties can come together to fix it.

""We must do it. It's the right thing to do,"" he said. ""There is a deliberate, systematic effort to take us back. We've made too much progress to go back."" He was referring to efforts in some states to do away with early voting and voting on Sunday or on weekends and to require photo IDs, moves he said make it harder for young people, seniors and minorities to vote.

""I'm afraid that if we fail to fix it, many of our fellow citizens will not be able to become participants in the democratic process,"" he concluded.",1
4979,Third-party presidential candidates fight for 15% in polls  and a spot in debates,"The former Republican, marijuana-smoking, Everest mountaineering ex-governor of New Mexico and presidential nominee of the Libertarian party has a problem: hes barred from the presidential debates. To appear on stage with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump this autumn, Gary Johnson needs to boost his national polling numbers to 15% from around 8% now.

Without that national exposure, and the blockbuster ratings the three scheduled Clinton-Trump dust-ups are likely to produce, its hard for anyone to see how Johnson, 63, or either of two other minor-party candidates, the Green partys Jill Stein or even Evan McMullin, a 40-year-old former CIA counterterrorism officer, could ever become more than mere electoral curiosities.

But the emergence of three independent candidates, during a year of record dissatisfaction with the major party candidates, may still make for an unpredictable twist to the story. Polling data suggests libertarians on both sides of the political divide are giving independent candidates a second look, and in Las Vegas on Friday, Johnson and Stein spoke before a gathering of Asian American and Pacific Islander voters to press their cases.

Soft-spoken and wearing Nikes, Johnson presented a platform of social libertarianism, fiscal conservatism and non-interventionism in foreign affairs. He argued at the gathering that in this, the craziest election of all time, he had a chance: I might be the next president of the United States.

A just-released WSJ-NBC poll gave Johnson 15% in the crucial swing state of Colorado, and Stein 6%. In Las Vegas, he was asked repeatedly if a vote for him or any third-party candidate was somehow wasted.

A wasted vote is voting for somebody you dont believe in. Thats a wasted vote, Johnson said. Vote for the person you believe in  thats how you bring about change. I hope after having made my pitch today that youll realize, if you want to waste your vote on Clinton or Trump, have at it.

Stein, who spoke separately at the event, similarly argued that many Americans were looking for an alternative to Trump and Hillary Clinton, whom she dubbed as the most disliked and untrusted major-party nominees in US history. 

Democracy needs a moral compass, she told a gathering of Asian American and Pacific Island groups. Its not just about who you dont like the most or who you are most afraid of. 



Stein, who like Johnson represented her party in 2012, has outlined policy positions that include a Green New Deal, focused on renewable energy jobs and aimed at making the United States transition to 100% renewable energy complete by 2030. Stein has also proposed a reduction in the military budget by a third and the creation of a regional food systems based on sustainable organic agriculture.



On the Republican side, Evan McMullin, a beneficiary of the grounded Never Trump movement, failed to get on the ballot in 26 states before hed even sent out his first campaign release. McMullin nonetheless tried to give disaffected conservatives an alternative to the Republican nominee who, he says, has tapped into peoples darkest prejudices and deepest fears.

McMullins best hope  and likely his only one  to make an electoral dent would require Trumps departure from the race, though the nominee has made no overt sign that he wants to quit. Like millions of Americans, I had hoped this year would bring us better nominees who, despite party differences, could offer compelling visions of a better future, McMullin said in his announcement.

Instead, we have been left with two candidates who are fundamentally unfit for the profound responsibilities they seek.

But can they begin to make a difference? Only once in recent election cycles have third party candidates had any significant influence, when in 1992, Texan businessman Ross Perot took 18% of the vote, carving into the support for incumbent Republican George HW Bush and helping Arkansas governor Bill Clinton to victory. Some Democrats blamed third-party candidate Ralph Nader for delivering George W Bush the election in 2000, but the third-party candidate won a paltry 2.74% of the vote, and his supporters were split between Republicans and Democrats.

Johnsons running mate, former Massachusetts governor William Weld, said hed seen interest and fundraising pick up as Trumps campaign has floundered. Their campaign recently reported a $1m one-week fundraising haul and has reported that more than 40,000 people have pledged to donate at least $15 to his campaign on 15 August.

But that was in a relatively tight race. With Clinton now leading Trump by double digits in some key battleground states, the impact of any third-party candidate could be limited.

At the moment it doesnt look like they can have much impact at all, said Hank Sheinkopf, a veteran Democratic adviser. But if the race gets closer, they could throw it either way.

Sheinkopf reasoned that this election has become more about personalities and less about what party leaders want. The long-term impact may be a significant shift in how people view Democrats and Republicans, he said. As it now stands, Stein, Johnson and McMullin could act as a convenient parking spot for voters disgusted with both candidates.

Earlier this month, a federal judge rejected a challenge brought by Johnson and Stein arguing that the bar for inclusion is set artificially high. Yet there are signs the ground could be shifting. Mike McCurry, now co-chair of the Commission on Presidential Debates and a former press secretary for Bill Clinton, hinted that a third podium might be needed.

Some of our production people may have said, Just in case, you need to plan out what that might look like, McCurry told Politico. We wont know the number of invitations we extend until mid-September.

Ron Faucheux, president of Clarus Research Group, a nonpartisan polling company, said there was broad support for including even minor candidates. Polls show that voters think third party candidates should be included, he said, and in an election like this, where polls show a majority of voters dislike both main party candidates, there is a good reason to give them the opportunity to at least look at other options.

But even Johnson and Stein were somewhat wistful about their prospects, casting themselves as agents of change who, at best, could represent the beginning of a break with the current two-party system.

The biggest message is consider us as a very, very viable alternative to this two-party system that has become so polarized that theyre not able to do anything, Johnson has said.

Stein advanced a similar argument. Were having a political reorganization in this election because the Republicans are kind of falling apart, she said, and the Democrats have kind of split with a lot of the Bernie Sanders supporters just not happy with the alternative.

She argued that it was by elections about the lesser of two evils that the country inherited many of its problems.

But first, the two have to get on TV.

Theres no way Im going to win the presidency if Im not in the presidential debates, Johnson said. I do believe anything is possible given that right now, arguably the two most polarizing figures in American politics today are running for office.",1
1700,"Bush, Rubio and Kasich eye one another in the shadow of Trump","The Republican presidential contest is not, regardless of what it seems some days, all about Donald Trump. Theres another dynamic unfolding that has almost nothing to do with the businessman-politician currently atop the polls but that will have a major influence on who becomes the partys nominee.

This other struggle involves the competition among former Florida governor Jeb Bush, Sen. Marco Rubio (Fla.) and Ohio Gov. John Kasich. History suggests that whoever emerges triumphant in this three-way rivalry will be in a strong position to claim the nomination, though admittedly the past has been a poor predictor of events so far in this campaign.

Ever since Trump surged to the top of the polls, the other candidates have been trying to assess both his staying power and the cost-benefit analysis of engaging him. Trump and Bush have clashed almost from the start, with growing intensity. More recently, as Rubio has risen, Trump has taken aim at him, and Rubio has responded in kind.

None of the other candidates has a clear strategy for taking down Trump. But they all think he will look like a different candidate  and in their assessments, a less formidable candidate  once the field narrows to three or four finalists after the voting begins. So they are beginning to focus on one another as much as they are worrying about him.

With the first contests still months away, none of the three yet looks like a front-runner. In the average of recent national polls, Rubio and Bush run fourth and fifth behind Trump, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson and former Hewlett-Packard chief executive Carly Fiorina. Neither Bush nor Rubio breaks double digits. Kasich doesnt even break 5 percent.

National polls at this stage are less meaningful than state polls. In Iowa, where the first caucus will take place in early February, Trump and Carson lead, with Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.) currently third. Bush and Rubio trail the first three, and Kasich is even deeper in the pack. In New Hampshire, Trump also has a big lead, but Kasich is jockeying with Fiorina for second, with Carson and Bush next and Rubio farther back.

[Trump and Bush take on Rubio in New Hampshire]

In recent days, Bush, Rubio and Kasich have shown how much theyre worrying about one another. Theyve been sniping at each other and making other moves that underscore the significance of their competition.

Rubio has long emphasized that the party needs a fresh candidate, not one tied to the past, an implicit criticism of his fellow Floridian who is part of an American political dynasty. Bush, a two-term former governor, has belittled Rubios experience, or lack thereof. Kasich, a two-term governor and longtime House member, has claimed that his experience and record are unmatched by any of the other candidates.

Advisers to the three anticipate more attacks ahead. The Bush campaign is feverishly doing their opposition research on Governor Kasich and Senator Rubio, said John Weaver, Kasichs chief strategist. An empire like that is not going to go quietly into the night. Were expecting pretty sharp elbows to be thrown. Were going to handle it head on.

Past Republican nomination contests often have devolved into competition between a candidate from the center-right or mainstream conservative wing of the party and a candidate from the hard right or populist conservative wing. Most times, the candidate from the mainstream conservative wing becomes the nominee.

This year, the race is more scrambled because of the added factor of the apparent desire by many Republicans for an outsider or non-politician. That has elevated Trump, Carson and Fiorina and has forced the others to adapt. Rubio has been stressing that, despite being in the Senate, hes really not of Washington.

Instead of establishment vs. tea party, one GOP strategist describes the race this time as a competition between those in the anger, or anti-Washington, lane, vs. those in the aspirational lane. Bush, Rubio and Kasich all fall more into the aspirational lane.

What will make the difference? Based on how the three candidates are running, its clear that they see the path ahead in slightly different ways, though each has handicaps he must overcome to win.

Bush has repeatedly pushed back at Trump by arguing that anger and insults cannot win the presidency. He seeks to be the aspirational candidate, conservative enough because of his record in Florida to be acceptable to a conservative party, while offering a positive and inclusive message that reaches beyond the GOP coalition.

But many Republicans see Bush as least able to appeal across the entire party  not much more able to appeal to the hard right than Cruz would be able to attract mainstream conservatives.

Lodged firmly in the establishment wing as the son and brother of former presidents, he faces resistance on the far right and among those yearning for an outsider. His hope is that he can change perceptions of himself, outlast his rivals with superior resources and persuade Republicans that hes their best hope to win a general election.

Sally Bradshaw, Bushs senior adviser, said the key remains what it has been from the start of the campaign: to portray Bush as a conservative reformer by stressing what he did in Florida. People dont know that yet, she said. When that message burns in, his numbers are going to change. Thats his path.

[What the pundits said then and now about Donald Trump]

Kasich is looking to the traditional model. He is the compassionate conservative of 2016 who hopes to strike first in New Hampshire and build from there. His advisers believe that, eventually, he can reach across the divide in the party to become the nominee.

But the party has not only moved right in the past decade, it also has developed a harder edge than when George W. Bush ran as a compassionate conservative in 2000. Kasichs support for expanding Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act is just one example of a position that will not sit well with many conservatives.

Rubios team sees crosscutting appeal as vital, a race that will favor a candidate who can best unite a fractured party. The senators goal is to demonstrate skills as a communicator, to show depth on the issues, to turn his personal story into a positive message for the party, to make as few errors as possible and over time generate enthusiasm across the GOP coalition.

Rubio, too, has vulnerabilities. His past support for a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants, from which he has backed away, remains an obstacle in his path. So too does his personal profile, that of a youthful first-term senator with limited experience trying to become president  a profile not unlike that of President Obama when he first ran eight years ago.

David Axelrod, who was Obamas chief strategist in both campaigns, often has said that voters look for a replacement rather than a replica in picking a new president. The adviser to one of Rubios rivals put it this way: When was the last time this country elected two presidents with similar attributes? Rubio will be trying to dissuade his fellow Republicans that he isnt another Obama.

There are wild cards in the calculations of all three camps. Maybe New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, who occupies similar space, will catch fire in New Hampshire and elsewhere, although the resistance to him within the party is significant. Fiorina has demonstrated fearlessness that has jarred even Trump and can appeal across the party. Carson remains a candidate of unknown potential.

Last, there is the Trump factor and what his support represents. For now, he remains the dominant force in the GOP race. But the advisers to Bush, Rubio and Kasich see a turn in the campaign heading into the final months of the year, one that will heighten the competition among them with significant consequences for their party.",1
4500,Conspiracy theories swirl around the death of Antonin Scalia,"Two days after Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia died suddenly in remote West Texas, a former D.C. homicide commander is raising questions about how the death was handled by local and federal authorities.

As a former homicide commander, I am stunned that no autopsy was ordered for Justice Scalia, William O. Ritchie,former head of criminal investigations for D.C. police, wrotein a post on Facebook on Sunday.

[The death of Antonin Scalia: Chaos, confusion and conflicting reports]

Scalia was found dead in his room at a luxury hunting resort in the states Big Bend region by the resorts owner. It took hours for authorities to find a justice of the peace. When they did, Presidio County Judge Cinderela Guevara pronounced Scalia dead of natural causes without seeing the body  which is permissible under Texas law  and without ordering an autopsy.

On Sunday, the U.S. Marshals Service, which provides security for Supreme Court justices, said that Scalia had declined a security detail while at the ranch, so marshals were not present when he died. When the marshals were notified, deputy marshals from the Western District of Texas went to the scene, the service said in a statement.

Guevara said she declared Scalia dead based on information from law enforcement officials on the scene, who assured her that there were no signs of foul play. She also spoke to Scalias doctor, who told her that the justice had been to see him Wednesday and Thursday last week for a shoulder injury and that hehad ordered an MRI for Scalia, according toWFAA-TV in Dallas.The 79-year-old justice also suffered from several chronic conditions, Guevara said.She said she was awaiting a statement from the physicianto complete Scaliasdeath certificate.

The manager of the El Paso funeral home that handled Scalias body said Scalias family insisted on not having an autopsy done. But the decision has spawned a host of conspiracy theories online, as well as skeptical questions from law enforcement experts such asRitchie.

You have a Supreme Court Justice who died, not in attendance of a physician, he wrote. You have a non-homicide trained US Marshal tell the justice of peace that no foul play was observed. You have a justice of the peace pronounce death while not being on the scene and without any medical training opining that the justice died of a heart attack. What medical proof exists of a myocardial Infarction? Why not a cerebral hemorrhage?

In an interview with The Washington Post, Guevara has said she rebutted a report by a Dallas TV station that Scalia had died of myocardial infarction. She said she meant only that his heart had stopped.

Ritchie also raised questions about the marshals actions:

How can the Marshal say, without a thorough post mortem, that he was not injected with an illegal substance that would simulate a heart attack Did the US Marshal check for petechial hemorrhage in his eyes or under his lips that would have suggested suffocation? Did the US Marshal smell his breath for any unusual odor that might suggest poisoning? My gut tells me there is something fishy going on in Texas.

A spokesman for the marshals service said Monday that the marshals did not make a formal determination of death. He directed questions to the county judge who made the call.

Scalias physician,Brian Monahan, is a U.S. Navy rear admiral and the attending physician for the U.S. Congress and Supreme Court. He declined to comment on Scalias health when reached by telephone Monday at his home in Maryland.

Patient confidentiality forbids me to make any comment on the subject, he said.

When asked whetherhe planned to make public the statement hes preparing for Guevara, Monahan repeated the same statement and hung up on a reporter.

Eva Ruth Moravec in Austin contributed to this report.

This post has been updated.

Why blocking Obamas pick could backfire on Republicans

Supreme Court nomination process sure to be epic debate",1
2199,McCain: Trump doesn't understand Syria,"""I don't think he understands very well the situation. And he's entitled to his opinion,"" the Arizona Republican said Sunday in an interview with CNN's Jake Tapper on ""State of the Union.""

McCain was pushing back against Trump's assertion last week that the United States should let ISIS and Syria's army fight -- and let Russia worry about ISIS there. Trump's comment came as Russia launched air strikes in the region.

""Do we want to keep slaughtering people in Syria that are fighting for freedom?"" McCain said. ""Do we want to continue the barrel bombing, which is one of the reasons why 240,000 Syrians have been murdered? Do we want this flood of refugees to continue?""

In the interview, McCain also prodded Republican presidential candidates to ""think about Ronald Reagan and the way he conducted his campaigns.""

""To impugn each other's characters and integrity is very harmful to each other, ourselves, and our chances of winning a general election,"" he said, without naming any specific candidates. ""I think there's a lot of people in the party that are not happy about the tenor of some of the remarks and the allegations about each other,"" McCain said. ""I'm afraid we will pay a price for it at the polls, and I hope we'll change.""",1
4943,Trump manager says 'undercover voters' will deliver win in US election,"The Donald Trump campaign is counting on undercover voters to win in November.

Trumps campaign manager Kellyanne Conway outlined her vision of how the Republican nominee could win in November despite consistently trailing in polls, during an interview with Channel 4 in the United Kingdom for the documentary President Trump: Can He Really Win?

Conway insisted that Trumps support was not reflected in polls because of the perceived social stigma of supporting the Republican nominee. Donald Trump performs consistently better in online polling where a human being is not talking to another human being about what he or she may do in the elections  its become socially desirable, especially if youre a college educated person in the US, to say that youre against Donald Trump, said Conway.

People who are supporting Donald Trump, who have not voted Republican in the past, who have not voted in quite a while, are so tired of arguing with family and friends and colleagues about their support of Donald Trump that they just decided not to discuss it.

Conway insisted: We give people a comfortable way to express that maybe they dont want to vote this year and why that is. She described her method as proprietary. She said that as a result, she could reach these undercover voters in many different ways. She said: We go to them where they live, literally.

Conways statement echoes what in American politics is known as the Bradley effect, a phenomenon that describes the willingness of some white voters to tell pollsters that they are voting for an African American candidate while preferring the white candidate in the voting booth.

It is named for former Los Angeles mayor Tom Bradley, who was favored in polls in Californias 1982 gubernatorial election over his white Republican opponent, George Deukmejian, before suffering a narrow shock loss on election day. However, while its existence is disputed, anecdotal evidence for the phenomenon is mostly concentrated in the 1980s and 1990s. Conways argument is that something fundamentally similar is happening in the US in 2016.

Speaking to Channel 4 earlier this month, Conway buoyed her claims by citing the UKs experience of the EU referendum vote.

Polling suggested the UK would remain in the European Union, but it became clear on election night that the vote was going the other way.

Conway said: Voices are silenced in polls that really should be included because people are too reliant on lists, and theyre excluding people who maybe feel so passionately about that issue, Brexit, or so passionately about this candidate, Donald Trump, that theyre going to vote for the first time ever in many, many, many cycles.



In the past week, Trump has begun to ditch his previous unscripted style, using teleprompters on stage at every rally. That is despite repeatedly bashing the technology in the past, saying in August 2015: I say we should outlaw teleprompters  for anybody running for president.

The shift toward making Trump a more predictable candidate came as Conway took control of the campaign. The top aide outlined the message she thought Trump should continue to emphasize: The best Donald Trump is the Donald Trump who is talking about national and homeland security, economic growth and prosperity, ethics and why so many Americans dislike and distrust Washington and all its adjuncts, its consultants, its donors, its lobbyists, its politicians, its way of doing business.

However, despite his adoption of teleprompters, Trump still veered badly off script in a rally in Akron, Ohio, on Monday night. The Republican nominee said: You can go to war zones in countries that we are fighting and it is safer than living in some of our inner cities that are run by the Democrats.

He continued to claim that if he were elected, well get rid of the crime. Youll be able to walk down the street without getting shot. Now, you walk down the street, you get shot.

Just as there may be a cohort of undercover Trump voters waiting to emerge in November, it seems that despite Conways best efforts, there is an undercover candidate who wont let a teleprompter keep his penchant for controversial statements hidden.",1
2115,The next president can have a big impact on climate policy  even without Congress,"Given that Congress has become so utterly dysfunctional in recent years, it's tempting to think the upcoming presidential election will be fairly low-stakes. Does iteven matter what Jeb Bush thinks about tax policy or what Hillary Clinton is proposing on paid leave? Hardly anything will pass.

The next president won't need Congress to tackle global warming

But on global warming, it's a rather different story. Whoever gets elected to the White House in 2016 will have an enormous amount of influence over Americas climate policies  and they won't need Congress to act.

For that, you can thank (or blame) President Obama. Over the past six years, the Environmental Protection Agencyhas acquired unprecedented authority to regulate the nations carbon dioxide emissions. Obama has used that power to enact a slew of new pollution rules, including CO2 regulations on coal plants, all with the aim of cutting US greenhouse gas emissionsat least 26 percent between 2005 and 2025.

The EPA will likely keep this authority to regulate carbon dioxide for the foreseeable future  unless it gets altered by courts or repealed by Congress. And many of the biggest decisions on how to use it will be left to the next president.

If, say, Hillary Clinton wanted to expand Obamas carbon rules to oil refineries or cement plants, she could. Conversely, if a Republican president skeptical of climate change wanted to bog down implementation of Obamas CO2 rules for coal plants, he'd be able to do that, too. (Though, as we'll see, Republicans may not have unlimited power to scuttle Obama's climate policies.)

""Any future administration will have a lot of room to be either more ambitious or less ambitious,"" explains Michael Wara, an expert on energy and environmental law at Stanford. And how the next president uses the EPA could have ripple effects around the world  and even decide the fate of ongoing international climate talks with China, India, and other countries.

So far, the 2016 candidates have been vague about which way they'd steer the EPA. Clintonhas said Obama's climate rules should be ""protected at all cost,"" but she's given little sign of whether she might expand them further. Meanwhile, Republicans like Marco Rubio and Jeb Bushsound skeptical about tackling global warming, but they haven't said whether they might try to relax or even dismantle Obama's climate policies. So here's a look at what they could do.

First, a recap of how the executive branch acquired so much power over US climate policy. Back in 2007, the Supreme Court ruled that the EPA must regulate greenhouse gases as pollutants under the existing Clean Air Act  if there's evidence that they endanger public health and welfare.

In 2009, Obama's EPA laid out this evidence, and that ""endangerment finding"" set in motion a series of rules to curtail US greenhouse gas emissions. Since this was being done under the auspices of the Clean Air Act, a law Congress had passed in 1970, no new legislation was required. The EPA could act on its own. The big actions so far:

Add it all up, and the White Houseclaims these rules put the US on pace to reduce greenhouse gas emissions at least 26 percent between 2005 and 2025. But whether that actually happens will depend on the next president.

Okay, now let's assume it's 2017. There's a new president, and Congress is still totally gridlocked on climate change. What happens next?

The next president likely won't be able to dismantle Obama's climate policies entirely  not on his or her own. After all, the Supreme Court has effectivelyordered the EPA to regulate greenhouse gases so long as there's evidence that they cause harm, andthat evidence is quite solid. Only Congress could undo everything Obama's done, by revising the Clean Air Act.

Still,whoever occupies the White House and EPA will have a lot of say in how to implement Obama's climate rules. That sounds boring, but it's actually a key step. There's tons of leeway to strengthen or weaken these rules. Here are a few ways this could play out:

1) Fuel-economy standards could be tightened (or weakened) in 2017. Remember, the EPA's fuel-economy standards for new cars and light trucks are on pace to rise from their current 35 miles per gallon to 54.5 miles per gallon by 2025.

Automakers may push to relax the CAFE standards in the midterm review

Yet those numbers aren't set in stone. These CAFE (corporate average fuel economy) rules are scheduled to come up for a midterm review in 2017. At that point, automakers may lobby to allow the standards to rise more slowly  particularly if sales of fuel-efficient vehicles have been sluggish due to low oil prices. Green groups, meanwhile, could push to make the standards stricter, or to have them keep increasing past 2025, to push vehicle emissions down even further.

So the next administration will have to decide. Leave the vehicle standards alone? Make them stricter? Weaker?

The one twist here is that due to a longstanding quirk of the Clean Air Act, Californiacan threaten to create its own stricter standards if it's not happy with what the federal government is doing (and other states can join). Automakers really hate the idea of multiple sets of vehicle standards around the country, so they may prefer not to weaken the federal rules too much and risk having California go it alone.

2) The Clean Power Plan will live or die based on implementation. The EPA will finalize its rules for reducing carbon dioxide from existing power plants in the summer of 2015. It's a core component of Obama's climate policy  power plants are responsible for 31 percent of the nation's greenhouse gas emissions. But the next president will have enormous influence over how this plan actually works.

Assuming the rule holds up in court, it could prove difficult for the next president to simply hit the kill switch on the plan and start all over. But he or she will get to decide how to implement it  and that's arguably just as significant.After the rule is finalized, states will have another 14 months to submit plans for cutting emissions, though some will request extensions. That process could drag on until 2017 or 2018.

""There's a lot of latitude in the review process""

At that point, the EPA will review each state's plans for reducing emissions from its power plants and decide whether the plans are acceptable. An administration that really wants to tackle climate change can make sure states are doing as much as is feasible. By contrast, a president who was less concerned about global warming could allow states that wanted to, like Texas, to submit less-aggressive plans.

""Theres a lot of latitude in the review process,"" says Stanford's Michael Wara. ""The history of the Clean Air Act shows this. If you have a president who doesnt like climate policy, they could basically signal to the states that theyre going to give a lot of compliance flexibility and allow states to make assumptions in their plan that reduce their costs."" This would likely involve seemingly arcane tweaks to models and baselines that would be harder for green groups to challenge in court.

Meanwhile, some states may outright refuse to submit any plans for reducing emissions.(Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-KY, is already urging states to do exactly this.) If that happens, the EPA has the authority to impose its own federal plan on the states. The agency will unveil the details of this federal plan in 2015, though, again, implementation would be left to the next president.

Meanwhile, industry groups are almost certain to challenge aspects of the rule in court. Adele Morris, the policy director for the Climate and Energy Economics Project at the Brookings Institution, points out that an administration hostile to Obama's EPA rule could defend it weakly in court. And if any parts of the rule get struck down, the next administration will get to decide how to redo it.

It all comes down to preference. ""If you have an administration that's friendly to [Obama's] policy, then you'd have continuity in implementation,"" says David Doniger, director of the Natural Resources Defense Council's climate and clear air program. ""But if you had an administration that wasn't as friendly, they could try to drag their feet or change the rules.""

3) The next president will decide whether to regulate other sectors  like refineries. The Clean Air Act doesn't just cover vehicles and power plants. Technically the EPA has the authority to regulate carbon dioxide from other sources, as well. Oil refineries. Cement plants. Trucks. Airplanes. The agency is regulating methane leaks from new oil and gas wells, but it hasn't touched existing wells. And so on. These sources all add up.

The Obama administration is leaving most of the decisions about what to do with these sectors to the next president. If Hillary Clinton comes in and wants to expand the EPA's authority here, she can. If Marco Rubio comes in and doesn't, he may have to fend off lawsuits, but he can likely hold off on doing this for a long time.

At this point, we only have a hazy sense for what most US presidential candidates think about global warming. But given how much power they have at their disposal, they should give more detailed answers.

For instance, Hillary Clinton's campaign chair, John Podesta,claims that she'll put climate change and clean energy at the ""top of the agenda."" And Clintonhas said the EPA's climate rules should be ""protected at all cost.""

Hillary says the EPA rules should be ""protected""  but would she expand them?

Fine. So we know she'll veto any attempts by congressional Republicans to repeal the EPA rules altogether. But what else? Would she try to strengthen the fuel-economy rules during the 2017 midterm review? Would she want to expand the EPA's carbon regulations to oil refineries and chemical plants? Would she try to beat Obama's goal of cutting emissions at least 26 percent between 2005 and 2025?

On the other end of the spectrum, there's Marco Rubio, whosays,""I do not believe that human activity is causing these dramatic changes to our climate the way these scientists are portraying it."" But what does that mean in practice? Would he weaken the vehicle rules? Abandon the US goal of cutting emissions 26 percent?

Then there's Jeb Bush,who says he's ""concerned"" about climate change and that ""we need to work with the rest of the world to negotiate a way to reduce carbon emissions."" But, again, what does this mean? Would he keep Obama's climate rules in place? Strengthen them? Weaken them?

Some green groups have started to focus on these questions. ""We definitely want to ensure that the next president is actually committed on building progress through the Clean Power Plan,"" Tiernan Sittenfield, senior vice president at the League of Conservation Voters, told me.

For now, many environmentalists have mainly been pressing Clinton on what she thinks of the Keystone XL pipeline. Yet that issue will probably be resolved before Obama leaves office. The EPA rules are far more relevant for the next administration.

It's worth being precise about what the EPA can and can't do here. The executive branch has acquired sweeping authority over the nation's greenhouse gas emissions. The Obama administration estimates that this authority alone could push emissions down 26 to 28 percent between 2005 and 2025.

truly drastic changes to our energy system would likely require Congress

Looked at one way, that's a huge deal  a decisive break from the past, when emissions would go up and up seemingly without end. Looked at another way, it's a pittance.

To help avoid drastic global warming, the United States will probably need to push down emissions80 percent or more by midcentury. That would require truly staggering changes. It wouldn't be enough for coal and gas plants to get slightly more efficient under EPA rules. We'd have to replace virtually our entire energy system with a new, cleaner one.

That's the sort of thing that only Congress can really do. Only Congress can fund R&D for new technologies or offer subsidies for clean energy. Only Congress can bring about dramatic changes to our grid infrastructure. Only Congress can enact an economy-wide carbon tax. Barring some creative flexibility on regulations, these are things the next president just can't accomplish without cooperation from the House and Senate.

Where the EPA rules could have a more important effect is on the international stage  at least in the near term. Remember, the United States only accounts for about 17 percent of worldwide greenhouse gas emissions. There's also China, India, Brazil, Europe, Russia, and so on. That's why international cooperation on climate change is so crucial.

Right now, the world is groping toward a very, very weak international agreement. The US put forward its pledge to cut emissions at least 26 percent between 2005 and 2025. That spurred China to respond by vowing to get its emissions to peak around 2030. Other countries have started to pitch in, too.

Add all these pledges up, and we're still not close to tackling global warming. The Climate Action Trackerestimates that we're on pace for global average temperatures to rise 3.1C (or 5.6F) above pre-industrial levels, give or take  a seriously disruptive change.

""What the US has done with China is a big step in changing the dynamics""

Even so, some experts think even these weak promises could lead, iteratively, to stronger action over time. ""You can see how those plans could start to connect together and create a positive negotiating dynamic,"" David Victor, a political scientist at UC San Diego's School of International Relations and Pacific Studies, told me. ""The encouraging precedent here is in trade ... You build credibility and trust over time and then move to bigger issues.""

The next US president can help decide how this agreement continues to evolve in the years to come. The US can keep pushing its own emissions down and try to persuade countries like China and India to respond in kind. Or it could abandon this budding framework entirely.

Abandoning the US climate targets, says Wara, ""would do real damage to whatever credibility the US has left on the international stage. What Obama has done with China is a big step in changing the dynamics in a very positive way. And if the US were to walk away from that, that would be very damaging for future climate negotiations and commitments.""",1
4597,Justice Department Staffers Monitor Polls on Election Day,"More than 500 staffers from the Justice Department will be monitoring polling stations across 28 states Tuesday.

Those staffers have been dispatched to 67 jurisdictions and will be watching for civil rights violations, including racial discrimination.

""As always, our personnel will perform these duties impartially with one goal in mind: to see to it that every eligible voter can participate in our elections to the full extent that federal law provides,"" Attorney General Loretta Lynch said Monday.

  

 The announcement comes amid rising concerns about voter intimidation.

""Observation at the polls should not cross the line into intimidation, that's key,"" The Christian Science Monitor quoted Ned Foley, a constitutional law professor at Ohio State University's Moritz School of Law.

On the other hand, there have also been concerns about voter fraud, with some 41 percent of Americans believing the election could be stolen, according to a new Politico/Morning Consult poll.

Speaking at a restaurant and bar in Anderson Township, Ohio, former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin defended recent claims by Donald Trump that the election could be rigged.

""Of course he gets crucified by the press saying he's conspiratorial or something, saying there could be voter fraud,"" she said. ""Well, primaries can be fixed, and debate questions can be fixed, and dead people can vote.""

  

 In 2012, about 780 monitors were dispatched. This year, that number is down by about 35 percent.

  

 Justice Department officials say they hope voters will not detect any difference in the federal presence.

""In most cases, voters on the ground will see very little practical difference between monitors and observers,"" Vanita Gupta, head of the agency's Civil Rights Division, said in a statement Monday.

""We work closely and cooperatively with jurisdictions around the country to ensure that trained personnel are able to keep an eye on the proceedings from an immediate vantage point."" she said.",1
677,Poll: 71 percent of Dems think Clinton should keep running even if indicted,"A strong majority of Democratic voters think Hillary Clinton should keep running for president even if she is charged with a felony in connection with her private email use while secretary of state, according to a new poll.

Clinton was strongly criticized in a State Department inspector general report last week about her email use.

The report found repeated warnings about cybersecurity were ignored and staffers who expressed concerns were told never to speak of the Secretarys personal email system again.

Yet, this seems not to be a big issue among Democrats.The Rasmussen pollreleased Tuesday found 71 percent of Democratic voters believe she should keep running even if indicted, a view shared by only 30 percent of Republicans and 46 percent of unaffiliated voters. Overall, 50 percent of those polled said she should keep running.

The FBI investigation into her email practices is still ongoing. Democratic primary rival Bernie Sanders has avoided commenting specifically on that probe, but campaign manager Jeff Weaver on Wednesday questioned whether she could keep going if an indictment comes down.

""That would be difficult to continue running a race,"" Weaver told Fox News on Wednesday, when asked about the poll.

The email scandal could still be problematic for Clinton's general election hopes, with 40 percent of all voters saying they are less likely to vote for Clinton because of it -- though 48 percent of voters said it would have no impact on their vote.

The Democratic primary frontrunners argument that she did nothing illegal with her email use is also apparently failing to sway many voters. According to the poll, 65 percent of voters consider it likely that Clinton broke the law with her email use, with 47 percent saying its very likely.

The poll of 1,000 likely voters was conducted May 29-30. It had a margin of error of 3 percentage points.",1
3004,Is the Iran deal unraveling? Think again. | Institution,"Are the wheels coming off the Iran deal? Less than a year after Iran, America, and five other world powers inked a comprehensive nuclear accord, a debate over its terms has erupted anew.

In Washington, the braggadocio of a prominent White House aide is fueling Republican accusations that President Obama deliberately deceived the Congress and the country about Iran and the deal. And in Tehran, frustration over the residual impact of American sanctions has prompted increasingly resentful accusations from Iranian leaders that the United States has failed to live up to its end of the bargain. As a result, some are fretting that the deal is at risk and are laying blame on the White House doorstep.

Both claims are spurious, and deserve a more forceful rebuttal from the Obama administration. In the end, however, the ruckus over recent comments by Deputy National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes is largely an inside-the-Beltway dramaone that provides endless entertainment for Washington insiders but has little real significance for deal or American diplomacy.

By contrast, Irans dissatisfaction presents a serious diplomatic dilemma for Washington. But it should not be interpreted as evidence that the deal is unraveling. Rather, the chorus of complaints from Tehran demonstrates the accord signed in July 2015 is working exactly as it was intendedforestalling Iranian nuclear ambitions while amplifying the incentives for further reintegration into the global economy.

Obamas handling of this first real test of the nuclear agreement will be crucial for sustaining its credibility. For the sake of the deal, and for any prospect of a durable Thermidor for the revolutionary state, Washington should resist the temptation to assuage Irans post-deal growing pains. If Iranians wants wholesale economic rehabilitation, their leadership needs to embrace the kind of policies that would yield thatin other words, meaningful political, economic, and foreign policy reform.

Not surprisingly, Iranian officials are seeking a quicker fix, and they have mounted an intense campaign to wrest supplementary sanctions relief from Washington. Their principal argument is that the theocracy has been stiffed. On an April visit to Washington, Valiollah Seif, the head of Irans Central Bank, questioned the benefits of the nuclear agreement, insisting that Tehran has received almost nothing of the sanctions relief that was promised as part of the deal, formally called the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). Mohammad Javad Zarif, the countrys smooth-spoken foreign minister, has contended that the United States needs to do way more, warning that if one side does not comply with the agreement then the agreement will start to falter.

And Irans supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, charged recently that the Americans are engaged in obstruction and deception, adding: on paper, the Americans say banks can trade with Iran but in practice they act in such an Iranophobic way that no trade can take place with Iran.

Adding fuel to the fire are changes to U.S. visa policies that are perceived at constraining Irans economic rebound, deliberately inflammatory rhetoric from the U.S. Congress, and a recent Supreme Court verdict that paves the way for a $2 billion payout to victims of terrorist attacks attributed to Tehran or its proxies. Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has described the decision as flagrant theft and evidence of enduring American hostility toward Tehran.

Tehrans narrative plays equally well to its essential constituencies: the revolutions power brokers, steeped in official narratives of American treachery; an Iranian citizenry impatient for its long overdue peace dividend; and a European business community anxious to reclaim its piece of the pie after an unwelcome five years of having to forgo a lucrative market.

And it wouldnt be the first time Tehran got cold feet about its nuclear obligations out of an unfortunate sense of that the payoff was insufficient. In 2005, two years after a deal with Britain, France, and Germany to suspend core aspects of its nuclear program, Irans leadership soured on that deal and reneged. Anxiety about a repeat performance is prompting new U.S. efforts to facilitate business in Iran and a mounting debate in the press and on Capitol Hill around additional American sanctions relief.

But Irans campaign is grounded in a fundamental falsehood: that Washington has failed to live up to its end of the bargain. In fact, Washington has delivered fully on the sanctions relief pledged under the JCPOA, and officials in the White House, State Department, and even the enforcement office of the Treasury Department have engaged in extraordinary outreach to clarify remaining restrictions and underscore American commitment to the terms of the deal.

Moreover, the rewards of Irans nuclear concessions are actually widely evidentin the volume of new trade and investment that is already underway; in the scope and velocity of diplomatic and commercial reengagement with Iran; in the swifter-than-anticipated revival of oil exports. Heads of state from Italy and India, from South Korea to South Africa are beating a path to Tehran, accompanied by contingents of eager investors. Meanwhile, Iranian officials including Seifchief of the same Central Bank that was formerly barred by sanctionsheadline swanky conferences aimed at wooing European business players. The great Iranian gold rush is on.

The catch is that the money is moving more slowly than Iranian officials seem to have anticipatedand the trickle-down effect has been almost nonexistent for the average Iranian. The explanation for this lag is complex and multi-dimensional.

First and foremost, Iran is hard hit by the decline in oil prices, which have fallen by roughly 60 percent since the interim nuclear deal was signed in November 2013. Even in the best of times, the Islamic Republic was never a particularly easy place to do business, and many of its structural economic problems have been exacerbated by a decade of sanctions and the particularly egregious mismanagement of the 2005 to 2013 tenure of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.

Irans designation since 2008 as a high-risk and non-cooperative jurisdiction by Financial Action Task Force, a multilateral body established to combat money laundering and terrorist finance, poses additional hurdles for banks. In addition, a host of other market distortions induce investor caution: corruption, a bloated and opaque banking system, an inflexible labor market, unattractive contract terms for energy investments, the traditional dominance of the public sector.

Tehrans challenges in luring capital is further complicated by its reputation for provocative domestic and regional behavior. Torching embassies, arresting tourists and dual-national businessmen, testing ballistic missilesnone of this provides a conducive context for Irans reintegration into the global economy. As the old adage goes, capital is a coward, and the Islamic Republic is a haunted house.

Iran has seen this all before. Similar factors undercut Tehrans previous efforts to open up to the global economy. In the early 1990s, after the long war with Iraq, then-President Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani sought foreign trade and investment as part of his massive reconstruction program. Initial outcomes were encouraging, but falling oil prices, excessive short-term debt, and the perpetuation of an ideological foreign policy drove away investors and undermined his economic reforms.

This time around, American sanctions have cast a long shadow. The nuclear deal left intact an array of restrictions: the primary U.S. embargo on Iran as well as financial measures that preclude access to the U.S. dollar and penalize third countries for doing business with Iranian individuals and entities that are involved with terrorism or other malfeasance. The vestiges of the sanctions regime create truly epic compliance issues for any international investor. And the hangover effect of a decade of stringent (and costly) enforcement has generated a culture of overcompliance in the international financial sector, since institutional due diligence is an integral dimension of the industrys viability.

None of this should come as a surprise to Tehran; American officials were crystal clear throughout the negotiations and in advocating on behalf of the deal that the deal only removed the nuclear-related sanctions and that U.S. measures imposed as a result of Irans support for terrorism, its human rights abuses, or other issues would remain intact. And every sensible analyst looked past the inflated rhetoric of the deals opponents, who brayed against the deal as a massive cash bonanza, to recognize that the residual sanctions regime would remain a significant factor in Irans post-deal economic picture. As I wrote at the time:

So if this was entirely predictable, why is Tehran crying foul now? Unlike in the United Stateswhere the agreements shortcomings were oversold (if anything) rather than downplayedin Iran there was a triumphalism with which the deal was sold domestically. This was mostly because of the peculiarities of Irans political system. To avoid the appearance of contravening the red lines articulated by Khamenei, the countrys ultimate authority, Iranian negotiators depicted the JCPOA as delivering wholesale sanctions relief. Rouhani described the outcome as a legal, technical, and political victory for the country, emphasizing that Tehran achieved more than what was imagined.

Irans politically motivated embellishments were exacerbated by the hype surrounding the deal, cultivated by entrepreneurs and aspiring middlemen who presented Iran in hyperbolic terms as the best emerging market for years to come and one of the hottest opportunities of the decade. But while it may offend the Iranian ego, the relative scale of the opportunity in Iran is more modest than other much-heralded economic openings, such as China. It is hardly inconceivable that many banks and other firms have simply chosen to sit this first round out.

Neither Irans economic challenges nor the grievances of its leadership are fraying the nuclear accord; in fact, they only highlight its underlying logic. While the deals scope was finiteit was not a wholesale rapprochement or rehabilitationmany of its supporters argued that its logic would prove self-reinforcing. Irans gradual reintegration into the global economy would bolster the case among its leadership for a broader moderation of its domestic and foreign policies precisely in order to boost their benefits.

Tehrans dissatisfaction with the payout to date suggests this formula is working. A little bit of sanctions relief has whetted the entrepreneurial appetites of the clerical state. Despite official invocations proclaiming a resistance economy, the trickle of new trade and investment from Europe and Asia into Iran since the deal was signed has only intensified pressure for moreand for more tangible dissemination of its benefits among the Iranian population. In other words, it is the success of the nuclear dealrather than its shortcomingsthat is driving the complaints that have emanated from Iran.

The United States is not responsible for the hesitancy of international capital and other economic hiccups that Tehran has experienced in the aftermath of the nuclear agreement. The culpability resides, as it always has, with Iran and the risks that its governments policies pose for international business. If Iranians want to see their nascent opening to the international community expandedif they want the peace dividend they have been promised, they need to look to their own leadership and its policies. If Irans Central Bank governor wants normal conditions and access to the U.S. financial system, as he demanded during his Washington visit, let him return to Tehran and help instill the kind of reforms that would make those goals possible.

There are sensible steps that Washington can take to ensure that the provisions of the nuclear deal are fully feasible, including limited mechanisms for enabling transactions, such as the repatriation of previously frozen assets, that are specifically permitted under the deal. Such exceptional measures are reasonablenot because they help Tehran, but because they help sustain consensus between Washington and its European partners and help preserve the Wests negotiating leverage with any future targets of American or multilateral financial sanctions.

However, it would be profoundly detrimental for Washington to provide significant unilateral relief to Tehran without reciprocal additional Iranian concessions. And the PR blitz by senior U.S. officials to reassure Irans prospective foreign investors has taken on an unseemly tone, especially since existing sanctions prohibit U.S. persons from facilitating transactions with Iran by foreign entities.

These measures may be aimed at building confidence, but they ultimately have the opposite effecteroding Irans incentives to abide by the deal, undermining any rationale for broader changes. Iran remains a risky place to do business, and it is in Washingtons interestsas well as those of Iranians and the broader international communitythat Tehran focuses on mitigating those risks rather than seeking to subvert their penalties.

The nuclear deal is working; Irans nascent reintegration into the global economy is intensifying internal debates and popular expectations. This is all to the good. But to get more, Tehran will have to give more.",1
172,Shutdown clash to return in force by December,"Notable names include Ray Washburne (Commerce), a Dallas-based investor, is reported to be under consideration to lead the department.",1
5202,Blizzard of charges and countercharges melts away as opinions of Trump and Clinton are frozen,"This has turned into the whiplash election, and its virtually impossible to keep up with the head-snapping revelations.

Even the most diligent journalist can get vertigo trying to investigate and evaluate each disclosure, which damages Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump and spawns dire predictions that their campaign is toast, only to fade in a news cycle or two.

Some developments that in a normal election would badly wound a presidential candidate get meager exposure in the rest of the media because they are overshadowed by other mega-stories. No one has the bandwidth to do it all.

This is more than a mere campaign; its craziness has become the beating heart of American culture, debated in every cubicle and coffee shop and at every level of the increasingly toxic stew of social media.

Just look at the last few weeks:

Democrats and many members of the media have taken up weapons and stormed a place called Comey Island.

The FBI director shook up the race by revealing a probe of emails that wound up on the laptop of a top aides estranged husband under investigation for sending illicit messages to an underage girl.

The New York Times reported that Trump avoided hundreds of millions of dollars in income taxes through a loophole scheme so dubious his own lawyers advised him that the IRS could declare it improper.

The Clinton campaign got advance questions before CNN town halls from a top Democratic Party official who was also a paid contributor at the network, which booted her.

The Washington Post reported that Donald Trump has repeatedly sought credit for charity he had not given  or had claimed other peoples giving as his own.

Back on Comey Island, the FBI chief was reported to have argued that the administration shouldnt accuse Russia of using cyberwarfare to interfere with the presidential campaign becauseyes--it would look partisan so close to the election.

Hacked emails revealed that the daughter of the Democratic nominees husband, himself a former president, complained that his aides were cashing in on the Clinton Foundation and siphoning money from her parents.

The Trump Foundation was ordered to stop fundraising by the New York attorney general, a Democrat and Clinton supporter.

Clintons top advisers, reeling after the email scandal broke, complained that said she had terrible instincts and a pathological aversion to apologizing, according to hacked emails.

Back on Comey Island, the FBI looked into whether Trumps company had a secret email server communicating with a Russian bank but found no direct link.

A Clinton aide complained in a hacked email that wespeak in such a tortured, nuanced way when we dont get any advantage from the nuance, and just wind up looking political.

Back on Comey Island, the FBI opened a preliminary investigation of Trumps former campaign manager and his ties to Russian interests, which Paul Manafort said he knew nothing about.

Trump boasted a decade ago on a Hollywood entertainment show that as a celebrity he could grab women by the genitals, which he now dismisses as locker-room talk.

Back on Comey Island, FBI agents were investigating financial and ethical issues at the Clinton Foundation but were told to stand down by top law-enforcement officials, according to the Wall Street Journal.

Eleven women accused Trump of sexually propositioning them or unwanted kissing or touching, all of which he denounced as lies.

Trump held a news conference before a debate with Paula Jones and Kathleen Willey, who have accused Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct, and Juanita Broaddrick, who has accused him of rape, which he has denied.

Hillary Clinton nearly collapsed while getting into a car and belatedly revealed that she had pneumonia.

And, well, I could go on.

Many of these cases prompted media firestorms, complete with predictions that Trump or Clinton would be seriously or even fatally damaged. But then the stories were overtaken by some new allegation or outrage.

In the case of Comeys renewed email investigation, polls so far suggest that it hasnt moved the needle much beyond the tightening that was already taking place in the race.

It may well be that weve all become numb in this whiplash campaign. The race is so polarized, and public attitudes toward Trump and Clinton so firmly established, that each new front-page headline or cable obsession changes few minds.

Perhaps the only consensus is a sense of relief that this long, strange trip is finally coming to an end.

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
2802,Obama Inches Closer to Veto-Proof Support for Iran Nuclear Deal,"Democratic Senator Jeff Merkley of Oregon said he will vote to support the Iran nuclear deal, a pledge that puts President Barack Obama only three votes short of protecting the pact in Congress.

Merkley issued a statement Sunday calling the accord the best available strategy to block Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon.

Merkleys support brings to 31 the number of senators publicly favoring the deal, which would ease economic sanctions on Iran in exchange for curbs on the countrys nuclear program.

Barring defections, Obama needs three more votes from 13 Senate Democrats who have yet to declare their position, to sustain a likely veto of legislation aimed at killing the pact.

If Obama can assemble 41 Senate votes by getting most of the remaining Democrats on board, the Senate may not vote on the agreement at all.

The Republican-controlled Congress has until Sept. 17 to pass a resolution disapproving the deal reached in July between six world powers and Iran. Obama has pledged to veto that resolution if it gets to his desk.

While Republicans have been united in opposing the deal, only two Democratic senators -- Charles Schumer of New York, the third-ranking Democrat in the chamber, and Robert Menendez of New Jersey -- have joined them so far.

Senator Chris Coons, a Delaware Democrat on the Foreign Relations Committee, plans to announce his decision on Tuesday. Among other Democrats yet to disclose a position are Marylands Ben Cardin and New Jerseys Cory Booker.

The only uncertain Senate Republican vote is that of Senator Susan Collins of Maine, who remains undecided and is expected to make her decision after Sept. 7.

Merkley, in a statement on his website, pledged to vote for the deal even while pointing to significant shortcomings that he said the U.S. must address with a massive intelligence program and monitoring.

Merkley said he was troubled that the deal allows Iran to import conventional arms after five years and ballistic missile technology after eight years, and sets no restrictions on how Iran can use money it reclaims when sanctions are lifted.

But he rejected a proposal from deal opponents to try to renegotiate the accord for better terms.

If the U.S. rejects the deal and Iran resumes its nuclear program, the United States would be viewed by the international community as undermining a strong framework for peacefully blocking a potential Iranian bomb, Merkley said.

While the Republican-controlled House has enough votes to pass a resolution rejecting the deal, its unclear whether the Senate does. Assuming all 54 Senate Republicans oppose the accord, they would need support from six Democrats to get the 60 votes necessary to advance a resolution.",1
1329,How Clinton plans to stop Sanders' momentum,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
4114,Martin OMalley Praises Senate Democrats for Holding Up Trade Deal,"MANCHESTER, N.H.Former Maryland Gov. Martin OMalley on Wednesday praisedSenate Democrats for blocking, at least temporarily, a bill that would give President Barack Obama authority to move trade deals through Congress.

Mr. OMalley, who is expected to jump into the Democratic race for president later this month, renewed his criticism of the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Approval of the big trade deal between the U.S. and 11 Pacific nations would be eased by the so-called fast-track legislation.

Im glad the Senate slowed it down and I hope Congress will reject it if we cant see it, read it and be assured this is good for workers and also good for our country, he told reporters after chatting up the breakfast crowd at Chez Vachon, a restaurant that has long been a regular stop for White House aspirants.",1
4354,Super PAC Gets Early Start on Pushing for a 2016 Clinton Campaign,"In the 2008 presidential primary campaign, Mitch Stewart devoted himself to defeating Hillary Rodham Clinton, overcoming the advantages of a well-funded Democratic front-runner through grass-roots organizing, and propelling Barack Obama to victory.

On Tuesday, Mr. Stewart and a dozen or so other political operatives and 170 donors will gather in New York to plot how to help Mrs. Clinton win in 2016. The meeting is the first national finance council strategy meeting of Ready for Hillary, a super PAC devoted to building a network to support Mrs. Clintons potential presidential ambitions.

Were coming up with plans on how to engage emerging constituencies that will be incredibly important if theres a primary and in a general  whether thats women, African-Americans, Latinos, L.G.B.T., said Mr. Stewart, who went on to run Mr. Obamas battleground-state strategy in 2012.

The all-day meeting at the Parker Meridien hotel will be closed to the news media, but a preview of the day, with panel discussions like What America Will Look Like in 2016, about changing demographics, and Building the Resources to Win, about developing a campaign infrastructure, provided an early look into what supporters consider Mrs. Clintons strengths and potential pitfalls in 2016.

Mrs. Clinton has never had a problem raising money from deep-pocketed donors, but her 2008 campaign lacked the grass-roots enthusiasm and modest Internet donations that buoyed Mr. Obama. Ready for Hillary hopes to build that kind of support.

A grass-roots super PAC may seem an oxymoron: such groups can raise and spend unlimited amounts of money on political races as long as they do not coordinate with a candidate. But rather than invest in expensive television ads, Ready for Hillary puts all of its donations into building its email list of supporters.

For every $25,0000 the group raises, it cuts a payment to Rising Tide Interactive, a firm that helps build online lists of supporters. A social media tool on the website will allow supporters to work together to organize to plan rallies and small-dollar fund-raising events. With no candidate and over a year before a potential campaign, Ready for Hillary has roughly a million names on its email list, about half the size of the Hillary for President campaign list at the time Mrs. Clinton suspended her campaign in 2008.

Its not our job to be a campaign and its not our job to make decisions to tie any potential candidates hands, said Craig T. Smith, an aide in the administration of President Bill Clinton and senior adviser to Ready for Hillary. The goal is to build a list.

The strategy is an acknowledgment of mistakes made by Mrs. Clintons 2008 campaign, but also a recognition that she cannot simply run as the establishment candidate with inside-the-Beltway support without also inspiring young and minority voters who largely favored Mr. Obama in 2008. Mr. Stewart helped Mr. Obama pick up delegates in small but important caucus states and turn states like Arizona, New Mexico and Virginia into battlegrounds by tapping into changing demographics.

A lineup of longtime Clinton backers and aides will attend Tuesdays meeting, including Susie Tompkins Buell of San Francisco; Ann Lewis, a former adviser to both Clintons; Jennifer M. Granholm, the former governor of Michigan; and Tracy Sefl, a Democratic strategist. Along with Ms. Sefl, two young Ready for Hillary volunteers, Taj Magruder, 23, of Philadelphia, and Haley Adams, a student at Yale, will open the event, signaling that the Clinton world intends to bring in fresh voices, even if it means edging some loyal aides out.

The event signals a turning point for Ready for Hillary. The group, registered just before Mrs. Clinton left the State Department in February by young staff members who worked in junior roles on her 2008 campaign, was largely viewed as a makeshift organization that sold Hillary Clinton buttons and iPhone cases online.

Some longtime supporters had worried that the group emerged too soon and that if it were not well run, it could hurt Mrs. Clintons prospects, even though she is not involved or in contact with its organizers. But veteran aides like Mr. Smith, Ms. Sefl and Harold Ickes, a former deputy chief of staff in the Clinton White House, are now signed on as advisers. In recent months, the group has held events in several cities from San Francisco to Houston and has become among the dominant  if not best financed  political action committees on the Democratic side.

The sessions in New York will point to several advantages favoring a Democrat in 2016. Democrats do have a series of advantages baked into the cake in terms of demographics and the electoral map, said Geoff Garin, a pollster who succeeded Mark Penn as chief strategist for Mrs. Clintons 2008 campaign.

Fresh off working on behalf of Terry McAuliffe in his successful campaign for governor of Virginia, Mr. Garin will talk about reaching the growing numbers of Hispanics and college-educated white women, and the decline in non-college-educated white male voters, one of the most challenging demographics for Mrs. Clinton. But, he added that some very big odds will work against any Democratic presidential nominee in 2016. Since World War II, the only time the same party won a third term in the White House was 1988, Mr. Garin said.

Supporters are also well aware of the attacks Mrs. Clinton would face. During a lunch session, David Brock, founder of Media Matters for America, will lead the Ready for the Right Wing tutorial on how to combat conservative attacks and misinformation in the media.

The future of Ready for Hillary is unclear. Should Mrs. Clinton run, the group would most likely dissolve, after encouraging those on its email list to transfer their support to the official Clinton campaign. The widespread belief is that several Ready for Hillary staff members would take up positions on the campaign, which has made the group somewhat of a way station for hopeful aides. If Mrs. Clinton does not run, the group would likely throw its support behind whoever becomes the Democratic nominee.

Either way, this type of early unity and strategizing around a single candidate is a good thing and a rarity in Democratic politics, said Ronald Feldman, a Ready for Hillary national finance council co-chairman who supported John Edwards in 2008.

Weve never been paying this much attention this early on, but this time it seemed like a necessity, Mr. Feldman said.",1
3138,Christianity under attack: US must do more to promote religious freedom,"Throughout the Middle East and North Africa today, Christianity is under attack. Terrorist organizations such as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) are destroying some of the oldest and most sacred Christian communities and relics in the world on the very lands where Christianity was born and first took root. They are committing brutal atrocities against Christian communities in Syria and Iraq, persecuting religious minorities and destroying entire towns and local economies. Christians are fleeing their homes in increasing numbers, creating an exploding refugee crisis that will have grave ramifications on the stability and security of the entire region.

While the world has been rightly outraged by the violence waged by ISIS against people of all sects, ethnicities, and religions, the United States, Europe and other key allies have done little to end ISISs systematic efforts to drive-out and eradicate entire religious communities from their historic and sacred homelands. The Obama Administration has repeatedly refused to defend religious freedom abroad and continues to ignore its devastating cost to those religious communities targeted by terrorists because of their religious beliefs.

As a nation founded in the pursuit of religious freedom, America can and must do more to root-out the religious intolerance that is helping to foster much of the political instability and violence we see today. Specifically, we believe the Obama Administration should integrate the protection of religious freedom into its overall response to growing terrorist threats and development efforts around the world. Doing so would help to eliminate the underlying causes of violent extremism, promote increased international economic stability, and foster greater respect for human rights.

Promoting religious freedom would, first and foremost, undermine the efforts of terrorist organizations such as ISIS to capitalize on simmering religious intolerance to build influence and wield power. ISIS has succeeded in tearing apart the social fabric of local communities and exacerbating sectarian and ethnic divisions to recruit supporters from disaffected populations and assert control over wide swaths of otherwise insecure territory. As a result, they have precipitated a breakdown of basic order that has allowed new and unprecedented security threats to the United States and our allies to fester and grow.

The Obama administration can counter this strategy by building alliances with popular local and regional leaders who can expose these radical ideologies moral bankruptcy and champion pluralism and tolerance. The Administration should also combat terrorist propaganda about religious minorities and develop programs that promote tolerance and empower minorities to better advocate for their rights and interests. Only by reaffirming the importance of religious freedom and working closely with communities and their governments will we be able to strip away sympathy and support for ISIS and other extremist groups that is bred from deeper political, economic, and social grievances.

Properly designed and implemented, a U.S. foreign policy committed to religious freedom can advance our national security interests, stabilize and consolidate the spread of democracy across the globe, help sustain economic growth, and promote the equality of men and women.

Most importantly, it can help prevent religiously-motivated terrorism and undermine the conditions that have helped spur the rise of groups like ISIS, Boko Haram, and the Shuddhikaran Movement.

Promoting religious freedom would also support the governance structures necessary for economic and political security in developing nations. As recent studies by groups such as the Religious Freedom and Business Foundation have found, higher levels of religious freedom are associated with higher levels of economic productivity and growth. Clearly, sustainable political and economic development is only possible when religious freedom and equal opportunity contributes to a secure environment in which citizens and businesses can operate freely.

Finally, we must remain committed to religious freedom because of the special distinction religious freedom holds as a fundamental human righta belief that is shared by democratic countries across the globe and protected by numerous international treaties and agreements.

American support for religious liberty sends a potent and unmistakable message to threatened communities around the world: America is your friend. Such support builds enduring good will towards our country among those who could be leading their own nations in the years ahead. And it reminds all observers, whether friendly or hostile, that the U.S. remains committed to a world where justice and human dignity are central to legitimate governance.

Republican John McCain is a Navy veteran. He represents Arizona in the United States Senate.

Tony Perkins is president of the Family Research Council in Washington, D.C.",1
421,"Buffett: If I Ran Fed, I Would Not Raise Rates Significantly","""I probably wouldn't do much,"" Buffett said when asked what he would do if he ran the Fed. ""Things are working pretty well, and I would be worried that if I raised rates significantly with negative interest rates in Europe, I would be very worried about what that would do to the flow of funds.""

He also noted that the economy ""is improving month by month.""

Buffett spoke at an automotive industry conference in New York, along with the chairman of the Berkshire Hathaway automotive dealer group, Larry Van Tuyl.

Buffett and Van Tuyl said that Berkshire Hathaway Automotive is actively looking to purchase more dealerships to add to the 81 auto dealerships it now owns in 10 states. Van Tuyl said that the company will look to expand in the United States and not internationally, at least for now.

Buffett said that Berkshire Hathaway will price auto dealerships for possible acquisition by using a long-term outlook and not allow short-term swings of the U.S. auto market to affect purchase decisions.

He also said those purchase decisions will not be related to changes in interest rates.

""If (Federal Reserve Chair) Janet Yellen came up and whispered in my ear what she was going to do for the next two years, it wouldn't make any difference what we do. If we got a chance to buy a dealership at a sensible price with the right people, we'd buy it. We'd buy it in five minutes.""

Buffett and Van Tuyl both said that while Tesla Motors Inc. has a model of selling cars directly to consumers, the volume is too low to affect the U.S. auto distribution system.

""Usually when a distribution system becomes that firmly established, there is a reason for it. I just don't see that changing,"" said Buffett.

He said that self-driving cars will ""be a reality"" but that he expects autonomous cars to be less than 10 percent of the auto market by 2030.

Earlier Tuesday, at the same National Automobile Dealers Association-J.D. Power conference in New York, Buffett said a Greek exit could be constructive for the eurozone.",1
2850,Iran agrees to nuclear restrictions in framework deal with world powers,"Iran agreed in principle to accept significant restrictions on its nuclear facilities for at least a decade and submit to international inspections under a framework deal announced Thursday after months of contentious negotiations with the United States and other world powers.

In return, international sanctions that have battered Irans economy would be lifted in phases if it meets its commitments, meaning it could take a year or less for relief from the penalties to kick in.

The framework agreement, a milestone in negotiations that began 12 years ago, is not a final deal. But it creates parameters for three more months of negotiations over technical details and some matters that remain unresolved. Any one of those issues could doom a comprehensive agreement. Among them is the pace at which sanctions will be suspended.

The political understanding with details that we have reached is a solid foundation for the good deal we are seeking, said Secretary of State John F. Kerry, sounding hoarse after an all-night negotiation session.

The key moments in the long history of U.S.-Iran tensions

The agreement includes almost all the restrictions on Irans nuclear facilities, laboratories, mines and mills that the United States had sought in recent months, although it initially aimed for even tougher restrictions.

But Iran would get several benefits that may make the deal more palatable to politicians and the public in Tehran. It would not have to close any of its three nuclear facilities, though it would be left with only one that would enrich uranium  at levels low enough to create fuel for power plants but not high enough to create weapons-grade material.

The limitations would produce a one-year breakout period, meaning it would take Iran a full year to build up enough material to build one nuclear warhead, compared with current estimates of two to three months, officials said.

Many sanctions initially would be suspended, rather than lifted permanently as Iran sought, so they could be snapped back into place if Iran was discovered to be cheating, the officials said.

Irans apparent acceptance of so many conditions sought by the United States could give the Obama administration a tool to fend off critics in Congress who want to impose new sanctions to wring more concessions from the Iranians.

The White House fears such steps could scuttle the talks and prompt Tehran to resume its nuclear program at full tilt. Iran claims its nuclear program is for peaceful, civilian uses.

While the negotiations will continue through June, much of the attention will now shift to the White House and its defense of the negotiations, both in classified briefings to Congress and in public arenas.

Obama hailed the agreement as a historic understanding and asked whether anyone really thinks that the deal is a worse option than the risk of another war in the Middle East.

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, a persistent critic of the negotiations, told Obama by telephone that a final deal based on the parameters announced Thursday would threaten the survival of Israel, according to an Israeli statement.

Kerrys predecessor at the State Department, Hillary Rodham Clinton, called the framework agreement an understanding, saying it was an important step toward a comprehensive agreement that would prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon and strengthen the security of the United States, Israel, and the region.

The announcement of the agreement was made by weary-looking diplomats from Iran, the European Union, the United States and five other nations. Most had slept only one or two hours after the previous days talks, which stretched nearly through the night.

They sounded exuberant even before they arrived at a Lausanne school a few miles from the hotel where the last rounds of talks had been held. Many diplomats had been cautious after the negotiations failed to meet a March 31 deadline. But once the bargaining ended Thursday, there was a flurry of excited tweets.

Big day, wrote Kerry, who shouldered most of the direct negotiations with Iran.

Once the agreement was reached, the diplomats walked onto a stage bearing the flags of the nations involved in the talks  Iran, Germany, France, Britain, Russia, China and the United States.

Then Mohammad Javad Zarif, Irans foreign minister and chief negotiator in the talks, and the European foreign policy chief, Federica Mogherini, made statements.

Mogherini said Iran and the world powers were taking a decisive step before she listed the main parameters for an eventual deal in which Iran would be permitted to pursue the civilian use of nuclear technology.

[A step-by-step guide to what the Iran agreement actually means]

Under the agreement, Irans heavy-water reactor in Arak would be rebuilt so it could not produce weapons-grade plutonium. No nuclear fuel would be reprocessed, and spent fuel would be exported or diluted.

Irans underground plant at Fordow would be converted from a uranium-enrichment site into a nuclear physics and technology center. The site was built secretly deep inside a mountain near Qom and would be difficult to destroy by military attack.

As Mogherini was speaking, the State Department was

e-mailing reporters a fact sheet outlining more details that it said Iran had agreed to, though it could not immediately be confirmed that Iran was indeed on board with every item.

In one of the most significant points, the number of Irans centrifuges would be cut by two-thirds, to about 6,000, according to the statement. It said they would be first-generation machines, not the more advanced ones that Iran has sought. Keeping the old centrifuges is a key element in establishing the one-year breakout period, a red line for Washington.

The fact sheet said Iran further agreed not to enrich uranium above the level of 3.67percent for at least 15 years. That level of low-enriched uranium is suitable as fuel for nuclear power plants but not as fissile material for nuclear weapons, which require uranium enriched to about 90percent purity.

Iran has agreed to reduce its stockpile of about 10,000 kilograms (22,000 pounds) of low-enriched uranium to 300 kilograms (660 pounds) for 15 years, the fact sheet said.

The restrictions would be monitored through inspections conducted by the International Atomic Energy Agency, and some of them would last 25 years under the accord.

Zarif seemed to go out of his way to thank Kerry for investing so much time and effort in the negotiations, which he said had been conducted with mutual respect.

The preliminary agreement could foretell the beginning of a new chapter in Irans relationship with the world, and particularly the United States.

Though six nations negotiated with Iran, much of the heavy lifting was done in meetings between the United States and Iran. The countries have been hostile toward each other for decades, particularly since the 1979 revolution and the seizure of dozens of American diplomats who were held hostage in the U.S. Embassy in Tehran.

But the United States and Iran will remain at odds on many issues.

We have serious differences with the United States, Zarif said. We have built mutual distrust in the past. ... So what I hope is that through courageous implementation of this, some of that trust could be remedied. But that is for us all to wait and see.

William Branigin in Washington contributed to this report.

The key moments in the long history of U.S.-Iran tensions

Transcript: Iranian Foreign Minister Zarif on the framework for a nuclear deal

Another nation blazed the trail for Iran in developing a nuclear program",1
51,"Bernie Sanderss vast universe of donors, mapped","Something interesting happened for Hillary Clinton in the third quarter of fundraising: Her fundraising centers softened.

During the second quarter, Clinton outraised Bernie Sanders handily, thanks to a lot of big-dollar donors. In the third quarter, the two were about tied. But look at how Clinton's donors were arrayed during the third quarter versus the second.

In the second quarter, Clinton received donations from about 5,300 ZIP codes. In the third quarter, that increased to 6,300.

That second quarter, when Clinton wrung a lot of money out of a lot of people, she pulled in a lot of money from Manhattan's wealthiest ZIP codes. In those ZIPs, roughly 10021 through 10028, Clinton raised $2 million from individuals in the second quarter. In the third quarter, she raised $725,000 -- a $1.3 million drop. (The densest area of circles below is Manhattan; you can also see the outline of Long Island to New York City's east.)

Notice how centralized her donations were in the second quarter compared to Sanders's. He got a lot more contributions from outlying ZIP codes.

This is what you'd expect to see from a candidate whogot a lot of donors to max out early. Those areas subsequently have fewer donors to hit up.

But you mightalso have noticed how much better Sanders is doing in the lucrative New York market. Across the country, Sanders dramatically expanded the number of places from which he generated contributions, more than doubling the number of ZIP codesfrom which he got money from 3,400 to 8,400.

Sanders also saw an increase in how much he raised, versus the decrease Clinton experienced. We return to this chart that we published earlierthis month.

Sanders has a lot more people now to whom he can go back for more money.",1
186,So That Happened: Did Obama Forget That The GOP Runs Congress?,"So, that happened: This week, the early stages of the 2016 presidential election collided headlong with the phenomenon of vaccine denialism, with two candidates ending up in intensive care for foot-in-mouth disease. We'll talk about who took a hit and who managed to avoid this nonsense.

Are you a regular ""So, That Happened"" listener? Let us know! Tell us what you think of the show, what we're messing up and who we need to hear more from. Send us an electronic communication at sothathappened@huffingtonpost.com.

""It's a world in which we need sanity. And this week, we didn't get it."" -- Jason Linkins

Meanwhile, the Obama budget is out, and from the looks of it, it seems the president wants to swing for the fences on infrastructure, early childhood care and increased federal spending. But did he notice that Congress is controlled by the GOP? We'll discuss what compromises are possible.

""It's as though Democrats control both chambers of Congress. There is not an effort which he's made in previous budgets to meet them halfway, or more than halfway."" -- Sabrina Siddiqui

Finally, this was a big week for Downton Abbey-inspired congressional interior decoration scandals. We'll explain how it came to pass that we could put all those words in that previous sentence.

""Washington elites decorate their environs with track lighting, chrome appliances and granite countertops -- a very modern, spare look with open floor plans, and [Aaron] Schock is going in the other direction."" -- Arthur Delaney

We're very happy to let you know that ""So, That Happened"" is now available on iTunes. We've been working to create an eclectic and informative panel show that's constantly evolving, a show that's as in touch with the top stories of the week as it is with important stories that go underreported. We'll be here on a weekly basis, bringing you the goods.

Never miss an episode: Subscribe to ""So, That Happened"" on iTunes, and if you like what you hear, please leave a review. We also encourage you to check out other HuffPost podcasts: HuffPost Comedy's ""Too Long; Didn't Listen,"" the HuffPost Weird News podcast, HuffPost Politics' ""Drinking and Talking,"" HuffPost Live's ""Fine Print"" and HuffPost Entertainment's podcast.",1
3700,Sunday in Charleston: Worship at Emanuel AME,"(CNN) The site of a horrific mass killing will become a house of worship again.

Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina, will hold a service at 9:30 a.m. Sunday, according to CNN affiliate WCSC.

Nine people were shot to death Wednesday night at the church.

Authorities said Dylann Roof, 21, of Lexington, South Carolina, admits he shot and killed the people he'd sat with for Bible study at the historicall y black church, two law enforcement officials said.

Roof is white and all the victims are black. He told investigators he did it to start a race war, according to one of the officials.

The church premises remained a crime scene, and thus off-limits to church members, until Charleston police released it Saturday.

One of the victims was the church's pastor, the Rev. Clementa Pinckney. The Rev. Norvel Goff, presiding elder of Emanuel AME, told CNN he will give the sermon at the service.

Charleston, nicknamed the Holy City because it has so many churches, will remember the shooting victims in other ways.

On Sunday night, a unity chain will be held on the 13,200-foot-long Arthur Ravenel Jr. Bridge. Organizers hope to attract enough people to hold hands and stretch from Charleston to the town of Mount Pleasant on the other side of the Cooper River.

That message was echoed by Arthur Hurd, the husband of victim Cynthia Hurd. He's in the Merchant Marines and arrived in Charleston on Saturday.

'Hate's not in me'

""This is all surreal but what I can say to that young man is that in time I will forgive you,"" Hurd told CNN affiliate WCIV. ""I won't move past this but I will forgive you. But I hope for the rest of your life, however long or short that may be, you stop and play that tape over and over and over again in your head and see the sheer terror and pain you put purely innocent people through. ...""

""I would love to hate you but hate's not in me. If I hate you I'm no better than you.""

People angry about the killings took to the streets Saturday.

In Charleston, hundreds joined the March for Black Lives.

The group began the march in total silence as they walked to Emanuel AME Church from a nearby park, stopping outside the church to lay flowers at the makeshift memorial.

Once they passed the church, the group filled Charleston's iconic King Street, usually packed with tourists this time of year. Many carried signs of support for the victims of the Charleston shooting and the black community: ""STILL WE RISE,"" ""Hand in Hand,"" ""Do the right thing,"" ""Black Lives Matter,"" signs read.

The march ended with a rally outside the historic Daughters of the Confederacy building.

'Take it down'

""That terrorist did not win. He wanted to invoke terror and fear in our community, but we are not for that,"" an organizer said to the crowd. ""We are standing up together, arm in arm... We will not bow down, but we will stand up.""

Despite the sweltering heat, a large crowd filled the front grounds of the South Carolina Capitol in Columbia calling for the Confederate flag to be removed.

""Take it down, take it down,"" chanted the crowd filled with people of all races and ages holding signs.

One woman's sign said, ""Love breeds love, hate breeds hate"" and another man's sign says, ""Remove my ancestors sign.""

Organizers of the event, the South Carolina Progressive Network, estimates between 1,500 and 1,700 people attended.

The 2,000-word text explains the writer's philosophy of white superiority, saying the Trayvon Martin case ""truly awakened me"" and that ""I chose Charleston because it is most historic city in my state, and at one time had the highest ratio of blacks to Whites in the country.""

Motive has become the biggest question as state and federal investigators work on the case -- and statements and photos on the website match what investigators have determined so far.

For instance, CNN Charlotte affiliate WBTV, citing a source, says Roof told investigators in Shelby, North Carolina, where he was arrested, that he researched the church and targeted it because it turned out to be a ""historic African-American church.""

Three photos show Roof posing with a pistol. One closeup shows a gun that can be identified as a.45-caliber Glock -- the model of gun investigators say was used in the church shooting. Those photos were taken in April, after his 21st birthday, when his family said he purchased a .45-caliber gun.

The website, called the Last Rhodesian, is bare bones. Roof's name doesn't appear anywhere on the site but he is shown in many of the photos. An Internet ownership search shows the website was registered to Roof and listed as the administrator.

While the nation rallies behind Charleston, an insight into Roof's state of mind came from Charleston County Sheriff's Office spokesman Maj. Eric Watson.

Roof, he said, ""is in protective custody. He is currently sitting on his bed being monitored by two detention officers. He is on suicide watch.""

Roof may be prosecuted by federal authorities if it's determined he committed a hate crime. The Justice Department said ""it is looking at this crime from all angles, including as a hate crime and as an act of domestic terrorism.""

Funeral plans for Pinckney, who was a state senator, were announced Saturday.

Pinckney's casket will be at the State House rotunda lobby from 1-5 p.m. Wednesday. Public viewings will also be held Thursday at St. John AMC Church in Ridgeland and Emanuel AME Church.

The funeral will be held at 11 a.m. Friday at TD Arena on the College of Charleston campus. The service is open to the public.",1
5040,"FACT CHECK: Hillary Clinton's Speech To The Democratic Convention, Annotated","Editor's note: This has been updated at 1:25 p.m. ET Friday with additional fact-checking information.

Hillary Clinton accepted the Democratic nomination for president Thursday night, delivering a speech that lays out her plan to address terrorist threats and create jobs.

NPR's politics team annotated Clinton's speech below. Portions commented on are highlighted, followed by analysis, context and fact check in italics.

Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you all so so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you all very, very much. Thank you for that amazing welcome. Thank you all for the great convention that we've had.

And Chelsea, thank you.

I'm so proud to be your mother and so proud of the woman you've become.

Thank you for bringing Marc into our family, and Charlotte and Aidan into the world.

And Bill, that conversation we started in the law library 45 years ago, it is still going strong.

You know, that conversation has lasted through good times that filled us with joy, and hard times that tested us.

And I've even gotten a few words in along the way.

On Tuesday night, I was so happy to see that my explainer-in-chief is still on the job.

I'm also grateful to the rest of my family and to the friends of a lifetime.

For all of you whose hard work brought us here tonight, and to those of you who joined this campaign this week. Thank you.

What a remarkable week it's been.

We heard the man from Hope, Bill Clinton.

And the man of Hope, Barack Obama.

America is stronger because of President Obama's leadership, and I'm better because of his friendship.

We heard from our terrific vice president, the one and only Joe Biden. He spoke from his big heart about our party's commitment to working people, as only he can do.

And first lady Michelle Obama reminded us that our children are watching, and the president we elect is going to be their president, too.

And for those of you out there who are just getting to know Tim Kaine  you will soon understand why the people of Virginia keep promoting him: from city council and mayor, to governor, and now senator.

And he will make the whole country proud as our vice president.

And ... I want to thank Bernie Sanders.

Bernie, Bernie, your campaign inspired millions of Americans, particularly the young people who threw their hearts and souls into our primary.

You've put economic and social justice issues front and center, where they belong.

And to all of your supporters here and around the country: I want you to know, I've heard you. Your cause is our cause.

Our country needs your ideas, energy and passion.

That is the only way we can turn our progressive platform into real change for America.

We wrote it together  now let's go out and make it happen together.

My friends, we've come to Philadelphia  the birthplace of our nation  because what happened in this city 240 years ago still has something to teach us today.

We all know the story. But we usually focus on how it turned out  and not enough on how close that story came to never being written at all.

When representatives from 13 unruly colonies met just down the road from here, some wanted to stick with the king. And some wanted to stick it to the king.

The revolution hung in the balance.

Then somehow, they began listening to each other, compromising, finding common purpose.

And by the time they left Philadelphia, they had begun to see themselves as one nation.

That's what made it possible to stand up to a king.

That took courage. They had courage.

Our Founders embraced the enduring truth that we are stronger together.

Now, now America is once again at a moment of reckoning. Powerful forces are threatening to pull us apart. Bonds of trust and respect are fraying.

And just as with our founders, there are no guarantees. It truly is up to us. We have to decide whether we all will work together so we can all rise together.

Our country's motto is ""e pluribus unum"": out of many, we are one. Will we stay true to that motto?

Well, we heard Donald Trump's answer last week at his convention. He wants to divide us from the rest of the world, and from each other.

He's betting that the perils of today's world will blind us to its unlimited promise. He's taken the Republican Party a long way from ""Morning in America"" to ""Midnight in America."" He wants us to fear the future and fear each other.

Well, you know, a great Democratic President Franklin Delano Roosevelt came up with the perfect rebuke to Trump more than 80 years ago, during a much more perilous time: ""The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.""

Now we are clear-eyed about what our country is up against. But we are not afraid. We will rise to the challenge, just as we always have. We will not build a wall. Instead, we will build an economy where everyone who wants a good job can get one.

And we'll build a path to citizenship for millions of immigrants who are already contributing to our economy!

We, we will not ban a religion. We will work with all Americans and our allies to fight and defeat terrorism.

There's a lot of work to do.

Too many people haven't had a pay raise since the crash.

There's too much inequality. Too little social mobility. Too much paralysis in Washington. Too many threats at home and abroad.

But just look for a minute at the strengths we bring as Americans to meet these challenges. We have the most dynamic and diverse people in the world. We have the most tolerant and generous young people we've ever had. We have the most powerful military. The most innovative entrepreneurs. The most enduring values: freedom and equality, justice and opportunity.

We should be so proud that those words are associated with us. I have to tell you, as your secretary of state, I went to 112 countries. When people hear those words, they hear America.

So don't let anyone tell you that our country is weak. We're not.

Don't let anyone tell you we don't have what it takes. We do.

And most of all, don't believe anyone who says, ""I alone can fix it.""

Yes, those were actually Donald Trump's words in Cleveland. And they should set off alarm bells for all of us.

Really? I alone can fix it? Isn't he forgetting?

Troops on the front lines. Police officers and firefighters who run toward danger. Doctors and nurses who care for us. Teachers who change lives. Entrepreneurs who see possibilities in every problem. Mothers who lost children to violence and are building a movement to keep other kids safe.

He's forgetting every last one of us.

Americans don't say, ""I alone can fix it."" We say, ""We'll fix it together.""

And remember, remember: Our Founders fought a revolution and wrote a Constitution so America would never be a nation where one person had all the power. Two-hundred-and-forty years later, we still put our faith in each other.

Look at what happened in Dallas after the assassinations of five brave police officers. Police Chief David Brown asked the community to support his force, maybe even join them.

And you know how the community responded? Nearly 500 people applied in just 12 days.

That's how Americans answer when the call for help goes out.

Twenty years ago, I wrote a book called It Takes a Village. And a lot of people looked at the title and asked, ""What the heck do you mean by that?""

This is what I mean. None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community or lift a country totally alone.

America needs every one of us to lend our energy, our talents, our ambition to making our nation better and stronger. I believe that with all my heart.

That's why ""Stronger Together"" is not just a lesson from our history. It's not just a slogan for our campaign.

It's a guiding principle for the country we've always been and the future we're going to build.

A country where the economy works for everyone, not just those at the top. Where you can get a good job and send your kids to a good school, no matter what zip code you live in.

A country where all our children can dream, and those dreams are within reach. Where families are strong, communities are safe, and yes, where love trumps hate.

That's the country we're fighting for. That's the future we're working toward. And so, my friends, it is with humility, determination and boundless confidence in America's promise that I accept your nomination for president of the United States!

Now, sometimes, sometimes the people at this podium are new to the national stage.

As you know, I'm not one of those people.

I've been your First Lady, served eight years as a senator from the great state of New York.

Then I represented all of you as secretary of state.

But my job titles only tell you what I've done.

They don't tell you why.

The truth is, through all these years of public service, the ""service"" part has always come easier to me than the ""public"" part.

I get it that some people just don't know what to make of me. So let me tell you.

The family I'm from, well, no one had their name on big buildings. My family were builders of a different kind. Builders in the way most American families are.

They used whatever tools they had  whatever God gave them  and whatever life in America provided  and built better lives and better futures for their kids.

My grandfather worked in the same Scranton lace mill for 50 years. Because he believed that if he gave everything he had, his children would have a better life than he did. And he was right.

My dad, Hugh, made it to college. He played football at Penn State and enlisted in the Navy after Pearl Harbor.

When the war was over, he started his own small business, printing fabric for draperies. I remember watching him stand for hours over silk screens.

He wanted to give my brothers and me opportunities he never had. And he did.

My mother, Dorothy, was abandoned by her parents as a young girl. She

ended up on her own at 14, working as a housemaid. She was saved by the kindness of others.

Her first-grade teacher saw she had nothing to eat at lunch and brought extra food to share the entire year. The lesson she passed on to me, years later, stuck with me: No one gets through life alone. We have to look out for each other and lift each other up.

And she made sure I learned the words from our Methodist faith: ""Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, in all the ways you can, as long as ever you can.""

So, I went to work for the Children's Defense Fund, going door-to-door in New Bedford, Mass., on behalf of children with disabilities who were denied the chance to go to school.

I remember meeting a young girl in a wheelchair on the small back porch of her house. She told me how badly she wanted to go to school  it just didn't seem possible in those days. And I couldn't stop thinking of my mother and what she'd gone through as a child.

It became clear to me that simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. You need both understanding and action.

So we gathered facts. We built a coalition. And our work helped convince Congress to ensure access to education for all students with disabilities.

It's a big idea, isn't it? Every kid with a disability has the right to go to school.

But how, how do you make an idea like that real? You do it step-by-step, year-by-year, sometimes even door-by-door.

My heart just swelled when I saw Anastasia Somoza representing millions of young people on this stage  because we changed our law to make sure she got an education.

So it's true. I sweat the details of policy  whether we're talking about the exact level of lead in the drinking water in Flint, Mich., the number of mental health facilities in Iowa, or the cost of your prescription drugs.

Because it's not just a detail if it's your kid  if it's your family. It's a big deal. And it should be a big deal to your president, too.

After the four days of this convention, you've seen some of the people who've inspired me. People who let me into their lives, and became a part of mine.

People like Ryan Moore and Lauren Manning. They told their stories Tuesday night.

I first met Ryan as a 7-year-old. He was wearing a full body brace that must have weighed 40 pounds, because I leaned over to lift him up.

Children like Ryan kept me going when our plan for universal health care failed and kept me working with leaders of both parties to help create the Children's Health Insurance Program that covers 8 million kids in our country.

Lauren Manning, who stood here with such grace and power, was gravely injured on 9/11. It was the thought of her, and Debbie St. John who you saw in the movie, and John Dolan and Joe Sweeney, and all the victims and survivors, that kept me working as hard as I could in the Senate on behalf of 9/11 families, and our first responders who got sick from their time at Ground Zero.

I was thinking of Lauren, Debbie and all the others 10 years later in the White House Situation Room when President Obama made the courageous decision that finally brought Osama bin Laden to justice.

And in this campaign, I've met many more people who motivate me to keep fighting for change. And, with your help, I will carry all of your voices and stories with me to the White House.

And you heard, you heard from, from Republicans and Independents who are supporting our campaign. Well, I will be a president for Democrats, Republicans and independents, for the struggling, the striving, the successful, for all those who vote for me and for those who don't. For all Americans together.

Tonight, tonight we've reached a milestone in our nation's march toward a more perfect union: the first time that a major party has nominated a woman for president.

Standing here, standing here as my mother's daughter, and my daughter's mother, I'm so happy this day has come.

I'm happy for grandmothers and little girls and everyone in between.

I'm happy for boys and men, too  because when any barrier falls in America, it clears the way for everyone. After all, when there are no ceilings, the sky's the limit.

So let's keep going, let's keep going until every one of the 161 million women and girls across America has the opportunity she deserves to have.

But even more important than the history we make tonight, is the history we will write together in the years ahead.

Let's begin with what we're going to do to help working people in our country get ahead and stay ahead.

Now, I don't think President Obama and Vice President Biden get the credit they deserve for saving us from the worst economic crisis of our lifetimes.

Our economy is so much stronger than when they took office. Nearly 15 million new private-sector jobs. Twenty million more Americans with health insurance. And an auto industry that just had its best year ever.

Now that's real progress, but none of us can be satisfied with the status quo. Not by a long shot.

We're still facing deep-seated problems that developed long before the recession and have stayed with us through the recovery.

I've gone around our country talking to working families. And I've heard from many who feel like the economy sure isn't working for them.

Some of you are frustrated  even furious. And you know what? You're right. It's not yet working the way it should.

Americans are willing to work  and work hard. But right now, an awful lot of people feel there is less and less respect for the work they do. And less respect for them, period.

Democrats, we are the party of working people. But we haven't done a good enough job showing we get what you're going through, and we're going to do something to help.

So tonight I want to tell you tonight how we will empower Americans to live better lives.

My primary mission as president will be to create more opportunity and more good jobs with rising wages right here in the United States. From my first day in office to my last, especially in places that for too long have been left out and left behind.

From our inner cities to our small towns, from Indian Country to Coal Country. From communities ravaged by addiction to regions hollowed out by plant closures.

And here's what I believe. I believe America thrives when the middle class thrives. I believe that our economy isn't working the way it should because our democracy isn't working the way it should.

That's why we need to appoint Supreme Court justices who will get money out of politics and expand voting rights, not restrict them.

And if necessary, we will pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United.

I believe American corporations that have gotten so much from our country should be just as patriotic in return. Many of them are. But too many aren't. It's wrong to take tax breaks with one hand and give out pink slips with the other.

And I believe Wall Street can never, ever be allowed to wreck Main Street again.

And I believe in science. I believe climate change is real and that we can save our planet while creating millions of good-paying clean energy jobs.

I believe that when we have millions of hardworking immigrants contributing to our economy, it would be self-defeating and inhumane to try to kick them out.

Comprehensive immigration reform will grow our economy and keep families together  and it's the right thing to do.

So, whatever party you belong to, or if you belong to no party at all, if you share these beliefs, this is your campaign.

If you believe that companies should share profits with their workers, not pad executive bonuses, join us.

If you believe the minimum wage should be a living wage, and no one working full time should have to raise their children in poverty, join us.

If you believe that every man, woman and child in America has the right to affordable health care, join us.

If you believe that we should say ""no"" to unfair trade deals, that we should stand up to China, that we should support our steelworkers and autoworkers and homegrown manufacturers, then join us.

If you believe we should expand Social Security and protect a woman's right to make her own health care decisions, then join us.

And yes, yes, if you believe that your working mother, wife, sister or daughter deserves equal pay, join us.

That's how we're going to sure this economy works for everyone, not just those at the top.

Now, you didn't hear any of this, did you, from Donald Trump at his convention. He spoke for 70-odd minutes  and I do mean odd.

And he offered zero solutions.

But we already know he doesn't believe these things. No wonder he doesn't like talking about his plans. You might have noticed, I love talking about mine.

In my first hundred days, we will work with both parties to pass the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II. Jobs in manufacturing, clean energy, technology and innovation, small business, and infrastructure.

If we invest in infrastructure now, we'll not only create jobs today, but lay the foundation for the jobs of the future.

And we will also transform the way we prepare our young people for those jobs.

Bernie Sanders and I will work together to make college tuition-free for the middle class and debt-free for all!

We will also, we will also liberate millions of people who already have student debt.

It's just not right that Donald Trump can ignore his debts, and students and families can't refinance their debts.

And something we don't say often enough: Sure, college is crucial, but a four-year degree should not be the only path to a good job.

We will help more people learn a skill or practice a trade and make a good living doing it.

We will give small businesses like my dad's a boost. Make it easier to get credit. Way too many dreams die in the parking lots of banks.

In America, if you can dream it, you should be able to build it.

And we will help you balance family and work. And you know what, if fighting for affordable child care and paid family leave is playing the ""woman card,"" then deal me in.

Now, here's the other thing, we're not only going to make all these investments, we're going to pay for every single one of them.

And here's how: Wall Street, corporations, and the super-rich are going to start paying their fair share of taxes.

This is not because we resent success, because when more than 90 percent of the gains have gone to the top 1 percent, that's where the money is, and we are going to follow the money.

And if companies take tax breaks and then ship jobs overseas, we'll make them pay us back. And we'll put that money to work where it belongs, creating jobs here at home!

Now, now I imagine some of you are sitting at home thinking, well, that all sounds pretty good. But how are you going to get it done? How are you going to break through the gridlock in Washington?

Well, look at my record. I've worked across the aisle to pass laws and treaties and to launch new programs that help millions of people. And if you give me the chance, that's what I'll do as president.

But then I also imagine people are thinking out there, but Trump, he's a businessman. He must know something about the economy.

Well, let's take a closer look.

In Atlantic City, 60 miles from here, you will find contractors and small businesses who lost everything because Donald Trump refused to pay his bills.

Now, remember what the president said last night: ""Don't boo, vote."" People who did the work and needed the money, and didn't get it  not because he couldn't pay them, but because he wouldn't pay them. He just stiffed them.

And you know that sales pitch he's making to be president? Put your faith in him  and you'll win big? That's the same sales pitch he made to all those small businesses. Then Trump walked away, and left working people holding the bag.

He also talks a big game about putting America first. Well, please explain what part of ""America First"" leads him to make Trump ties in China, not Colorado. Trump suits in Mexico, not Michigan. Trump furniture in Turkey, not Ohio. Trump picture frames in India, not Wisconsin.

Donald Trump says he wants to make America great again  well, he could start by actually making things in America again.

Now, the choice we face in this election is just as stark when it comes to our national security.

You know, anyone, anyone reading the news can see the threats and turbulence we face.

From Baghdad to Kabul, to Nice and Paris and Brussels, from San Bernardino to Orlando, we're dealing with determined enemies that must be defeated.

So, it's no wonder that people are anxious and looking for reassurance. Looking for steady leadership, wanting a leader who understands we are stronger when we work with our allies around the world and care for our veterans here at home. Keeping our nation safe and honoring the people who do that work will be my highest priority.

I'm proud that we put a lid on Iran's nuclear program without firing a single shot  now we have to enforce it. And we must keep supporting Israel's security.

I'm proud that we shaped a global climate agreement  now we have to hold every country accountable to their commitments, including ourselves.

And I'm proud to stand by our allies in NATO against any threat they face, including from Russia.

I've laid out my strategy for defeating ISIS. We will strike their sanctuaries from the air, and support local forces taking them out on the ground. We will surge our intelligence so that we detect and prevent attacks before they happen.

We will disrupt their efforts online to reach and radicalize young people in our country.

It won't be easy or quick, but make no mistake  we will prevail.

Now Donald Trump, Donald Trump says, and this is a quote, ""I know more about ISIS than the generals do."" No, Donald, you don't.

He thinks, he thinks that he knows more than our military because he claimed our armed forces are ""a disaster.""

Well, I've had the privilege to work closely with our troops and our veterans for many years, including as a senator on the Armed Services Committee, and I know how wrong he is. Our military is a national treasure.

We entrust our commander in chief to make the hardest decisions our nation faces, decisions about war and peace, life and death.

A president should respect the men and women who risk their lives to serve our country  including Captain Khan and the sons of Tim Kaine and Mike Pence, both Marines.

So just ask yourself: Do you really think Donald Trump has the temperament to be commander in chief?

Donald Trump can't even handle the rough-and-tumble of a presidential campaign. He loses his cool at the slightest provocation. When he's gotten a tough question from a reporter. When he's challenged in a debate. When he sees a protester at a rally.

Imagine, if you dare, imagine, imagine him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis. A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons.

I can't put it, I can't put it any better than Jackie Kennedy did after the Cuban Missile Crisis. She said that what worried President Kennedy during that very dangerous time was that a war might be started, not by big men with self-control and restraint, but by little men  the ones moved by fear and pride.

America's strength doesn't come from lashing out. It relies on smarts, judgment, cool resolve, and the precise and strategic application of power. And that's the kind of commander in chief I pledge to be.

And if we're serious about keeping our country safe, we also can't afford to have a president who's in the pocket of the gun lobby.

I'm not here to repeal the Second Amendment. I'm not here to take away your guns. I just don't want you to be shot by someone who shouldn't have a gun in the first place.

We will work tirelessly with responsible gun owners to pass common-sense reforms and keep guns out of the hands of criminals, terrorists and all others who would do us harm.

You know, for decades, people have said this issue was too hard to solve and the politics too hot to touch. But I ask you: How can we just stand by and do nothing?

You heard, you saw, family members of people killed by gun violence on this stage.

You heard, you saw, family members of police officers killed in the line of duty because they were outgunned by criminals.

I refuse to believe we can't find common ground here.

We have to heal the divides in our country. Not just on guns. But on race. Immigration. And more.

And that starts with listening, listening to each other. Trying, as best we can, to walk in each other's shoes.

So let's put ourselves in the shoes of young black and Latino men and women who face the effects of systemic racism, and are made to feel like their lives are disposable.

Let's put ourselves in the shoes of police officers, kissing their kids and spouses goodbye every day, heading off to do a dangerous and necessary job.

We will reform our criminal justice system from end to end and rebuild trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve.

And we will defend, we will defend all our rights  civil rights, human rights and voting rights, women's rights and workers' rights, LGBT rights and the rights of people with disabilities!

And we will stand up against mean and divisive rhetoric wherever it comes from.

You know, for the past year, many people made the mistake of laughing off Donald Trump's comments  excusing him as an entertainer just putting on a show.

They thought he couldn't possibly mean all the horrible things he says  like when he called women ""pigs."" Or said that an American judge couldn't be fair because of his Mexican heritage.

Or when he mocks and mimics a reporter with a disability. Or insults prisoners of war like John McCain  a true hero and patriot who deserves our respect.

Now, at first, at first, I admit, I couldn't believe he meant it either. It was just too hard to fathom  that someone who wants to lead our nation could say those things. Could be like that.

But here's the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.

And in the end, it comes down to what Donald Trump doesn't get: that America is great  because America is good.

So enough with the bigotry and bombast. Donald Trump's not offering real change.

He's offering empty promises. And what are we offering? A bold agenda to improve the lives of people across our country  to keep you safe, to get you good jobs, and to give your kids the opportunities they deserve.

The choice is clear, my friends.

Every generation of Americans has come together to make our country freer, fairer and stronger.

None of us ever have or can do it alone.

I know that at a time when so much seems to be pulling us apart, it can be hard to imagine how we'll ever pull together.

But I'm here to tell you tonight  progress is possible.

I know, I know because I've seen it in the lives of people across America who get knocked down and get right back up.

And I know it, I know it from my own life. More than a few times, I've had to pick myself up and get back in the game.

Like so much else in my life, I got this from my mother too. She never let me back down from any challenge. When I tried to hide from a neighborhood bully, she literally blocked the door. ""Go back out there,"" she said.

And she was right. You have to stand up to bullies.

You have to keep working to make things better, even when the odds are long and the opposition is fierce.

We lost our mother a few years ago, but I miss her every day. And I still hear her voice urging me to keep working, keep fighting for right, no matter what.

That's what we need to do together as a nation.

Though ""we may not live to see the glory,"" as the song from the musical Hamilton goes, ""let us gladly join the fight.""

Let our legacy be about ""planting seeds in a garden you never get to see.""

That's why we're here ... not just in this hall, but on this Earth.

The Founders showed us that. And so have many others since.

They were drawn together by love of country, and the selfless passion to build something better for all who follow.

That is the story of America. And we begin a new chapter tonight.

Yes, the world is watching what we do.

Yes, America's destiny is ours to choose.

So let's be stronger together, my fellow Americans.

Let's look to the future with courage and confidence.

Let's build a better tomorrow for our beloved children and our beloved country.

And when we do, America will be greater than ever.

Thank you, and may God bless you and the United States of America!",1
2305,Connecticut Becomes First State To Boycott Indiana Over LGBT Discrimination Law,"WASHINGTON -- Connecticut Gov. Dan Malloy (D) will sign an executive order on Monday barring state-funded travel to Indiana because of the state's new law that could allow businesses to turn away gay and lesbian customers for religious reasons.

Malloy's move would make Connecticut the first state to boycott Indiana over its Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which Gov. Mike Pence (R) quietly signed into law last week. The law allows businesses in the state to cite religious beliefs as a legal defense. Opponents fear it offers legal protection for businesses to refuse service to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.

Two cities, San Francisco and Seattle, have imposed similar bans in response to the law. Businesses have also retaliated. Angie's List is pulling a campus expansion project in Indianapolis, and the CEO of Salesforce, a $4 billion software corporation, announced plans to ""dramatically reduce our investment"" in the state because of the law.

Twenty states have RFRA laws, but Indiana's law is substantially different. While other state RFRAs apply to disputes between a person and a government, Indiana's law goes further and applies to disputes between private citizens. That means, for example, a business owner could use the law to justify discrimination against customers who might otherwise be protected under law.

The Indiana law could result in ""employers, landlords, small business owners, or corporations, taking the law into their own hands and acting in ways that violate generally applicable laws on the grounds that they have a religious justification for doing so,"" reads their letter. ""Members of the public will then be asked to bear the cost of their employer's, their landlord's, their local shopkeeper's, or a police officer's private religious beliefs.""

That's in sharp contrast to states like Connecticut, which has an RFRA but one that pertains only to religious institutions, not private establishments. And unlike some other states, Connecticut also doesn't permit discrimination based on sexual orientation in any private establishment or institution.

Before signing the order, he called the Indiana law ""disturbing and outright discriminatory,"" and said the National Collegiate Athletic Association should relocate its Final Four tournament from Indiana to another state. Those games are set to begin later this week.

""I think that would be a wise choice for them to do if that's possible,"" said Malloy. ""I'll leave it up to them to make those decisions.""

The NCAA president Mark Emmert has said he is ""surprised and disappointed"" by Indiana's law, and that he is waiting for some kind of clarification to the law, or an outright repeal, before deciding whether to keep holding sporting events in the state.

Malloy said his executive order allows for any of the state's current contractual obligations with Indiana to play out, but said he doesn't plan to enter into any new ones.

""Somebody's got to stand up to this kind of bigotry and I'm prepared to do it,"" he said.",1
2228,Scott Walker Confronts Doubts About His Grasp of Foreign Policy,"Wisconsin Gov.Scott Walkerconfronted doubts about his foreign-policy acumen during remarks Saturday to a largely sympathetic audience.

At the end of a 45-minute discussion with wealthy conservatives, the moderator referred to complaints that Mr. Walker was not prepared to speak about foreign policy at a recent donor meeting in New York, and asked him what he was doing to bone up on the topic.",1
3008,Iran carries out new ballistic missile test,"Iran successfully test-fired a medium-range ballistic missile capable of striking U.S. forces in the region as well as Israel, the third such test since the nuclear agreement with Western nations took effect in January, multiple defense officials confirmed to Fox News.

The rogue nation conducted the test in defiance of a United Nations resolution that calls on Iran to cease work on its ballistic missile program.

Iran has to abide by U.N.resolutions with regard to ballistic missiles tests, and if they have violatedor not been consistent with those resolutions, that clearly would be a concernfor us, Pentagon Press Secretary Peter Cook said.

Any ballistic missile launch by Iran is tracked by U.S. military spy satellites which pick up the flash during launch. This case was no different, according to officials.

Gen. Ali Abdollahi, deputy chief of the armed forces' headquarters,said the latest missile tested is very accurate, within 8 meters. ""Eight meters means nothing, it means it's without any error,"" he said. He did not elaborate.

In March, Iran test-fired two ballistic missiles -- one emblazoned with the phrase ""Israel must be wiped out"" in Hebrew -- that set off an international outcry.

Since December, Iran has shipped out its low-enriched uranium, disabled its heavy water reactor in Arak, and weeks ago sold more than $8 million worth of heavy water to the U.S. in compliance with the nuclear deal. However, Iran has ignored separate U.N. resolutions barring the Islamic republic from ballistic missile tests. Fox News was first to report a secret Iranian ballistic missile launch in November.

The test-firing was carried out two weeks ago, Iran's semi-official Tasnim news agency quoted Abdollahi as saying. Tasnim is close to the country's powerful Revolutionary Guard, which is in charge of Iranian ballistic missiles program.

The agency said the missile has a range of 1,250 miles -- enough to reach much of the Middle East. Iranian military commanders have described them as a strategic asset and a strong deterrent, capable of hitting U.S. bases or Israel in the event of a strike on Iran.

Analysts say Iran is likely seeking to demonstrate it is making progress with its ballistic program, despite scaling back on the nuclear program following the deal that led to the lifting of international sanction on Tehran.

Last month, Gen. Amir Ali Hajizadeh, chief of the Guard's airspace division, said a new, upgraded version of the Sajjil -- a solid fuel high-speed missile with a range of 1,200 miles that was first tested in 2008 -- would soon be ready.

But it was not immediately clear if the missile Abdollahi referred to was the new Sajjil.

The landmark deal does not include provisions against missile launches and when it came into effect on Jan. 16, the Security Council lifted most U.N. sanctions against Tehran, including a ban it had imposed in 2010 on Iran testing missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads.

To deal with the restrictions in the nuclear agreement, the council adopted a resolution last July, which only ""calls on"" Iran not to carry out such tests.

Fox News' Lucas Tomlinson and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3872,Why Joe Biden can't get no respect,"On Monday, I made the case thatAl Gore should run for president. But there's another obvious contender out there, too: Joe Biden.

Over at Yahoo, Matt Bai makes the case for Biden. ""Biden,"" he writes, ""is a better candidate than most pundits have ever given him credit for. Yeah, he's sloppy and meandering and says some nutty stuff. But that's all part of being genuine and three-dimensional, which may be the most valuable trait in modern politics and not a bad contrast to Clinton's robotic discipline.""

And Biden's certainly got the resume. When President Barack Obama wanted to make sure stimulus money didn't disappear to fraud, he turned to Biden  ""nobody messes with Joe,"" he said  and Bidensucceeded. When the White House wanted to avoid the fiscal cliff, it was Biden whoclosed the deal with Minority Leader Mitch McConnell. When Obama flubbed the first debate against Mitt Romney, it was Biden who restored the ticket's mojo by bullying his way past Rep. Paul Ryan. When the Democrats held their 2012 convention, it was Biden's speech that pulledthe highest ratings  beating both Bill Clinton and Obama.

Biden's most off-the-reservation moment, meanwhile, is the kind of thing that should help him in 2016. He pushed the Obama administration to embrace gay marriage before it was quite ready. At the time, it looked like a gaffe. Now it looks prescient.

And yet,according to a recent Marist poll, Biden is running 47 points behind Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination in 2016  and only one point ahead of Sen. Elizabeth Warren. A quick scan of RealClearPolitics' round-up of Democratic primary polls shows that's no outlier.

It's not like Biden has been out of the public eye for the last seven years. So why, if he's such a good politician, doesn't he command more support in the Democratic Party?

Here's my guess:there's a cultural gap between Biden and the party he seeks to represent. Biden is an old-school, white, male politician in a party that's increasingly young, multicultural, and female. Biden's gaffes matter because they tend to reinforce the perception among Democrats that he belongs to a different era.

When Biden calls shady lenders ""Shylocks,"" or says Obama is ""the first mainstream African-American who is articulate and bright and clean and a nice-looking guy,"" he ends up coming off as, in New York Magazine words, ""your accidentally racist grandma."" That leaves Biden facing something more toxic than opposition: condescension.

What I wrote of Biden inJanuary 2013 is still true today, I think. ""In the continuing drama that is the Obama presidency, Biden often appears as comic relief. He's the zany neighbor, the adorable uncle. As a result, his presidential ambitions, which burn brightly even today, have mostly been laughed off. Somehow, the sitting vice president of the United States, the former chairman of both the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the Senate Judiciary Committee, a man who's on a nickname basis with many of the world's most powerful leaders, is seen in many quarters as lacking the gravitas to be president.""

There is much that's weird about this. Hillary Clinton is a powerful candidate, but there's nothing about the last few months that makes her look invulnerable. She's shown real rust in interviews, pissed off liberals, and found herself in an email scandal.

But while Biden isn't much older than Clinton, she's somehow been more adept at signaling cultural affinity with young Democrats than he's been (though she's occasionally struggled too, most notably inher interview with Terry Gross on gay marriage). She also has a connection to female voters he can't touch. Even hermemes are better.

I don't know exactly how Biden fixes this or even if he can. Clinton isn't inevitable, and Biden should, by all rights, pose a real threat to her. But, though Biden's always been known as a great speaker, he needs to learn to talk to a different party than the one he grew up in.",1
1884,"Come on, Paul Ryan must be running in 2016, right? Right?","The Washington game now requires that any unindicted politician with a bit of ambition  even 75-year-old Jerry Brown  let it be known that he is thinking about maybe, just possibly running for president.

But heres the flip side: the media culture now demands to know whether these pols are quietly plotting a White House bid  and treats it as sort of strange if the answer is no.

What do you mean youre not feverishly plotting a presidential bid three years before the next election? Is there something wrong with you?

I guess we dont like to take no for an answer.

Take Paul Ryan. A natural leader of the conservative movement. The Republican VP nominee last year. A man who can translate Beltway jargon into Main Street concerns.

The Wisconsin congressman is in the spotlight because he just hammered out a budget agreement with Patty Murray that passed the Senate yesterday with 64 votesthree fewer than supported a cloture voteafter winning bipartisan approval in the House. The modest deal is noteworthy mainly because it temporarily ends the Washington gridlock and threats of shutdown and default. But it also brought sniping from more militant conservatives who see Ryan as selling out to the Democrats.

The dustup triggered a spate of Whither Paul Ryan pieces in the press. Is he running? Is he not running? Its 2013 already  we have to know!

In interviews The Hill conducted with more than two dozen House Republicans from across the ideological spectrum over the last couple of weeks, many of Ryans colleagues said they are doubtful he will run for president in 2016. Most believe that concerns for his young family will lead him to lay claim to the job hes always wanted: chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee.

Ryan wants to be a Hill poohbah and not move into the White House.

Ryan on Tuesday told The Wall Street Journal that he plans to lead the Ways and Means Committee in the next Congress.Ryan and his wife Janna have three children, and his friends say that his concern about the hardship of an 18-month presidential campaign is a genuine factor in his consideration.

This is the human factor that journalists rarely pause to consider. Running for president is a meat grinder that chews people up, and Ryan got a taste of that as Mitt Romneys running mate.

I dont know whether Ryan is being coy, or whether, with the highest positive rating among Iowa Republicans, hell change his mind and jump into the race. But I do think the press ought to take him at his word until theres evidence to the contrary.

I guess it wasnt a big story when John Podesta compared the Republicans to a suicide cult.

But now that Podesta is joining President Obamas inner circle, Politico is asking: Can John Podesta Save Him? (Boy, thats a tall order.)

In its profile of Podesta, who is stepping down as head of the Center for American Progress, this incendiary quote was slipped into the narrative without comment.

White House officials, said Podesta, need to focus on executive action given that they are facing a second term against a cult worthy of Jonestown in charge of one of the houses of Congress.

Podesta was comparing John Boehner to Jim Jones, who led his followers to kill themselves? Didnt that set off any alarm bells?

But the quote caused a stir now that the former Bill Clinton chief of staff is joining the White House, and he tweeted an apology: In an old interview, my snark got in front of my judgment. I apologize to Speaker Boehner, whom I have always respected.

Click for more from Media Buzz.

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
4239,Why Bernie Sanders needs to start winning big states  big,"Six days ago, Bernie Sanders pulled off one of the great upsets in modern politics  surging from more than 20points behind in the polls to edge out Hillary Clinton and win Michigans Democratic presidential primary.

It was remarkable! It was historic! And it netted him four more delegates than Clinton in the state. Meanwhile, in Mississippi, Clinton won with more than 80percent of the vote  and gained 28more delegates than Sanders.

On the best night of the Sanders campaign to date, he fell 24 more delegates behind Clinton in the race for the Democratic nomination.

That increasingly challenging math is what Sanders must confront Tuesday as voters in several large states  including Florida, Illinois and Ohio  go to the polls.

[Clinton leads Sanders by more than 2 to 1 in Florida, Post-Univision poll finds]

As of today, Clinton has 1,231 delegates to Sanderss 576  a lead of 655. That means that Clinton has 51.7 percent of the 2,383 delegates she needs to become the Democratic Partys nominee.

Subtract superdelegates  Clinton is dominating even among this group of elected officials and party luminaries  and she has 766 delegates to Sanderss 551, a margin of 215. (Worth noting: That is a wider lead than the margin by which Clinton ever trailed then-Sen. Barack Obama in the long slog of the 2008 primary race.)

That lead may not seem momentous. After all, almost 3,000 delegates are yet to be allocated in the primaries and caucuses to come. The problem for Sanders is that Democrats allocate their delegates proportionally in every state  meaning that between now and when the process ends June7, there is no state where Clinton will be shut out.

Winning, then, is not enough for Sanders. He has to win by alot to make up any real ground.

Clinton has already done that. Take, for example, Alabama. She won there March 1 by 59points and gained 38 more delegates than Sanders. Or Georgia on thatsame day, beating Sanders by 43points and netting 55 delegates. Or the aforementioned Mississippi, where Clintons 66-point win translated to a net gain of 28 delegates.

[Southern states help Clinton extend her lead over Sanders]

Sanderss one big win came in New Hampshires primary. But his 22-point margin translated to a net delegate gain of zero because six superdelegates pledged to Clinton, bringing her delegate gain up to match his. Similarly, in the Colorado caucuses, Sanders won by 19points but the superdelegate math meant the candidates each took 38 delegates.

Look at the next set of big contests, to be held Tuesday. Four states have more than 100 delegates to give out: Florida (246), Illinois (182), Ohio (160) and North Carolina (121).

Polling released Sunday morning suggests that Sanders has a big hill to climb. Clinton leads the senator 61percent to 34percent in Florida and has an edge of 58percent to 38percent in Ohio, according to NBC- Marist surveys. The race in Illinois, according to NBC-Marist, is closer, with Clinton at 51percent and Sanders at 45percent.

But wait, you say. Polling in Michigan had Sanders down 20 points and he won there. So this polling could be wrong, too.

Sure. It could. The problem for Sanders is this: Lets say each of the NBC-Marist surveys is off by 20 points in Clintons favor. (Note that this is a thought experiment. I very much doubt a credible pollster such as this one would be off by even close to that amount.) That would mean Sanders loses Florida by single digits, essentially ties Clinton in Ohio and wins Illinois by 15 points. The delegate allocation from that trio of results? It would almost certainly favor Clinton.

Sanders is in a position where winning states is not close to enough if he wants to be the partys nominee. He needs to start winning big states by big margins. As in winning Illinois or Florida by 30 or 40 points.

That seems very unlikely either Tuesday or beyond. If past votes are any guide, it will be a tough road for Sanders. There have been seven election nights in the race so far; Clinton has netted delegates in six of them, while the two candidates fought to a draw in the seventh (New Hampshire).

None of this means that Sanders cant  and wont  keep running. Winning states matters in terms of perception and keeps the wolves from his door. But winning states and emboldening your supporters arent the same as taking concrete steps to reduce or eliminate Clintons delegate lead.

That looks to be a near-impossible task for Sanders unless the numbers in the states to come start changing quickly.",1
3282,Leaked: Whats in Obamas trade deal,"A recent draft of the Trans-Pacific Partnership free-trade deal would give U.S. pharmaceutical firms unprecedented protections against competition from cheaper generic drugs, possibly transcending the patent protections in U.S. law.

POLITICO has obtained a draft copy of TPPs intellectual property chapter as it stood on May 11, at the start of the latest negotiating round in Guam. While U.S. trade officials would not confirm the authenticity of the document, they downplayed its importance, emphasizing that the terms of the deal are likely to change significantly as the talks enter their final stages. Those terms are still secret, but the public will get to see them once the twelve TPP nations reach a final agreement and President Obama seeks congressional approval.

Still, the draft chapter will provide ammunition for critics who have warned that TPPs protections for pharmaceutical companies could dump trillions of dollars of additional health care costs on patients, businesses and governments around the Pacific Rim. The highly technical 90-page document, cluttered with objections from other TPP nations, shows that U.S. negotiators have fought aggressively and, at least until Guam, successfully on behalf of Big Pharma.

The draft text includes provisions that could make it extremely tough for generics to challenge brand-name pharmaceuticals abroad. Those provisions could also help block copycats from selling cheaper versions of the expensive cutting-edge drugs known as biologics inside the U.S., restricting treatment for American patients while jacking up Medicare and Medicaid costs for American taxpayers.

Theres very little distance between what Pharma wants and what the U.S. is demanding, said Rohit Malpini, director of policy for Doctors Without Borders.

Throughout the TPP talks, the Obama administration has pledged to balance the goals of fostering innovation in the drug industry, which means allowing higher profits, and promoting wider access to valuable medicines, which means keeping prices down. U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman has pointed out that pharmaceutical companies often have to invest hundreds of millions of dollars to get a new drug to market, which they would have little incentive to do without strong protections for the patented product. But Froman has also recognized the value of allowing much cheaper generic drugs to enter the market after those brand-name patents expire. In the U.S., generics now comprise more than five-sixths of all prescription drugs, but only about one-quarter of drug costs.

Advocates for the global poor, senior citizens, labor unions and consumers as well as the generics industry have accused the administration of abandoning that balance, pushing a pharmaceutical-company agenda at the expense of patients and taxpayers. One critic, hoping to illustrate the point and rally opposition to TPP in Congress, gave POLITICO the draft chapter, which was labeled This Document Contains TPP CONFIDENTIAL Information on every page.

U.S. officials said the key point to remember about trade deals is that no provision is ever final until the entire deal is finaland that major compromises tend to happen at the very end of the negotiations. They expect the real horse-trading to begin now that Obama has signed fast-track legislation requiring Congress to pass or reject TPP without amendments.

The negotiations on intellectual property are complex and continually evolving, said Trevor Kincaid, a spokesman for Froman. On pharmaceutical products, we are working closely with stakeholders, Congress, and partner countries to develop an approach that aims to make affordable life-saving medicine more widely available while creating incentives for the development of new treatments and cures. Striking this important balance is at the heart of our work.

The draft chapter covers software, music and other intellectual property issues as well, but its most controversial language involves the rights of drug companies. The text reveals disputes between the U.S. (often with support from Japan) and its TPP partners over a variety of issueswhat patents can cover, when and how long they can be extended, how long pharmaceutical companies can keep their clinical data private, and much more. On every issue, the U.S. sided with drug companies in favor of stricter intellectual property protections.

Some of the most contentious provisions involve patent linkage, which would prevent regulators in TPP nations from approving generic drugs whenever there are any unresolved patent issues. The TPP draft would make this linkage mandatory, which could help drug companies fend off generics just by claiming an infringement. The Obama administration often describes TPP as the most progressive free-trade deal in history, citing its compliance with the tough labor and environment protections enshrined in the so-called May 10 Agreement of 2007, which set a framework for several trade deals at the time. But mandatory linkage seems to be a departure from the May 10 pharmaceutical provisions.

In an April 15 letter to Froman, Heather Bresch, the CEO of the generic drug company Mylan, warned that mandatory patent linkage would be a recipe for indefinite evergreening of pharmaceutical monopolies, leading to the automatic rejection of generic applications. The U.S. already has mandatory linkage, but most other TPP countries do not, and Bresch argued that U.S. law includes a number of safeguards and incentives for generic companies that have not made it into TPP.

With all due respect, the USTR hascherry-picked the single provision designed to block generic entry to the market, Bresch wrote.

Generics are thriving in the U.S. despite linkage, saving Americans an estimated $239 billion on drugs in 2013. But the U.S. is the worlds largest market, and advocates fear that generic manufacturers may not take on the risk and expense of litigation in smaller markets if TPP tilts the playing field against them. One generics manufacturer, Hospira, reportedly testified at a TPP forum in Melbourne, Australia, that it would not launch generics outside the U.S. in markets with linkage.

The opponents are also worried about the treatys effect on the U.S. market, because its draft language would extend mandatory patent linkage to biologics, the next big thing in the pharmaceutical world. Biologics can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars a year for patients with illnesses like rheumatoid arthritis, hepatitis B and cancer, and the first knockoffs have not yet reached pharmacies. The critics say that extending linkage to biologicswhich can have hundreds of patentswould help insulate them from competition forever.

It would be a dramatic departure from U.S. law, and it would put a real crimp in the ability of less expensive drugs to get to market, said K.J. Hertz, a lobbyist for AARP. People are going to look at this very closely in Congress.

Drug companies are already pushing for TPP to guarantee them 12 years of exclusivity for their data regarding biologics, although the draft text suggests the other TPP nations have not agreed. Jay Taylor, vice president of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, said its crucial for TPP to protect the intellectual property that emerges from years of expensive research, so that drug companies can continue to develop new medicines for patients around the world.

These innovations could be severely hindered if IP protections are scaled back, Taylor said. This is especially important in the area of biologic medicines, which could hold the key to unlocking treatments for diseases that have thwarted researchers for years.

U.S. officials would not discuss the status of the TPP talks. But they suggested the May 10 Agreement did include a milder form of linkage, although it didnt prevent regulators from approving generics mired in patent disputes. They also believe a 2009 U.S. law included a form of linkage for biologics, although again, that law's dispute resolution process for patent issues was not as prescriptive as the TPP draft. And they cautioned that any pre-Guam draft would not reflect recent negotiations over transition periods that would delay the stricter patent standards in developing countries like Vietnam.

In any case, Kincaid said U.S. negotiators are determined to strike a balance between innovation and access in the final product.

While this is our touchstone, the negotiations are still very much in process, and the details of a final outcome cannot yet be forecasted, he said.

But Malpani of Doctors Without Borders said U.S. negotiators have basically functioned as drug lobbyists. The TPP countries have 40 percent of global economic output, and the deal is widely seen as establishing new benchmarks for some of the most complex areas of global business. Malpani fears it could set a precedent that crushes the generic drug industry under a mountain of regulation and litigation.

We consider this the worst-ever agreement in terms of access to medicine, he said. It would create higher drug prices around the worldand in the U.S., too.

",1
4532,Someone Isn't Telling The Truth About Freddie Gray's Death,"By now, everybody knows the injuries that contributed to Freddie Gray's death. Baltimore authorities and representatives for Grays family agree that the 25-year-old sustained fatal trauma to his neck and spine at some point while in police custody following his arrest on April 12. Although a full autopsy hasn't yet been released, the family has said that Grays spine was nearly severed, and that his doctors had attempted to repair three fractured neck vertebrae and a crushed voice box. Last week, The Baltimore Sun spoke to medical experts who said that Gray's injuries were, in the paper's words, comparable to those seen in victims of high-speed crashes.

While this may end up being a significant detail of the investigation, much is still unclear about the circumstances of Gray's death, including how Gray's head might have hit the wall of the van hard enough to kill him. Over the past few weeks, Baltimore police have provided few answers about how Gray went from seemingly healthy enough to flee police on the morning of April 12 to dead on April 19 after a week in a coma. On Wednesday, April 29, hours after stating that they would not give the public their forthcoming internal report on Gray's death, police leaked a different document to The Washington Post. It was the first new piece of information from police in nearly a week. But instead of clarity, it offered more confusion.

In its reporting of the incident, The Baltimore Sun found witnesses who refuted Miller's account to the court. In an April 25 article, Sun reporter Kevin Rector wrote: Kevin Moore, a 28-year-old friend of Gray's from Gilmor Homes, said he rushed outside when he heard Gray was being arrested and saw him screaming for his life with his face planted on the ground. One officer had his knee on Gray's neck, Moore said, and another was bending his legs backward. They had him folded up like he was a crab or a piece of origami, Moore said. He was all bent up."" Others claimed to have seen officers beating Gray with batons.

At one point during the arrest, according to the police commissioner, an officer pulled out a stun gun. Moore claimed to have seen this as well. According to the Sun, police investigators failed to obtain footage from a convenience store surveillance camera that may have captured the incident more clearly. Instead, the officers found that the moment in question had been taped over by the time they got there. This was a common theme throughout the investigation, as officers reportedly failed to obtain footage from other cameras that may have recorded key moments in Gray's subsequent ride to the police station.

A third perspective on Gray's arrest was added to the mix on Wednesday, when CNN interviewed an anonymous relative of one of the arresting officers. The woman said the officer believes Gray ""was injured outside the paddy wagon,"" though she expressed personal concern that ""six officers are going to be punished behind something that maybe one or two or even three officers may have done to Freddie Gray.""

This is the critical question, and there is still no clear answer. Witness video shows Gray screaming at the time he was loaded into the vehicle. According to the official police timeline, the van made its first stop four minutes later so that officers could shackle an ""irate"" Gray. He was removed from the van and was placed in leg irons.

Police and witnesses then agree that Gray was returned to the van in both hand and leg restraints. Officers have admitted they didn't buckle Gray's seat belt, a violation of police department policy that has led to suggestions that Gray may have been the victim of a ""rough ride"" -- an illegal but not uncommon technique in which officers drive vans in such a way as to cause injury to detained passengers.

At 8:59 a.m., about 15 minutes after Gray was first put in the van, the vehicle stopped for a third time after the driver asked an officer to perform a check on Gray. This had previously been explained as the second stop, and exactly what happened there was reportedly a key part of the investigation. Batts has said that responding officers had to ""pick [Gray] up off the floor and place him on the seat,"" and that Gray requested a medic at this time. He was ignored again.

The fourth and final stop was made minutes later to pick up another prisoner. At this point, it's unclear what state Gray was in. Davis has suggested that Gray was again found on the floor, but responsive enough to make another request for a medic. If this request was indeed made, it was evidently denied. Other reports suggest that Gray may have already lost consciousness when this second person was picked up.

Details of Allen's account conflict with earlier reports on Gray's time in the van, including reports from police officials themselves. According to the Post, Allen told investigators that Gray was banging against the walls and ""intentionally trying to injure himself. But Allen later told WBAL: ""When I got in the van, I didn't hear nothing. It was a smooth ride. We went straight to the police station. All I heard was a little banging for about four seconds. I just heard little banging, just little banging.""",1
4130,Prison employee pleaded not guilty to aiding escape of two murderers,"The female prison employee at the center of an investigation into the escape of two killers pleaded not guilty Friday night to helping them flee the maximum security facility.

Prison tailor shop instructor Joyce Mitchell, 51, was arraigned on a felony charge of promoting prison contraband and misdemeanor count of criminal facilitation, authorities said.

Mitchell is accused of aiding in the escape of inmates David Sweat and Richard Matt from the Clinton Correctional Facility in upstate New York last week.

She entered the court room with her hands cuffed in front of her, clad jeans and a lime green top looking terrified. She did not speak. She was ordered held in jail on $100,000 cash bail or $200,000 bond on felony county and is due back in court Monday morning.

District Attorney Andrew Wylie said earlier Friday the contraband did not include the power tools used by the men as they cut holes in their cell walls and a steam pipe to escape through a manhole last weekend.

Wylie didn't elaborate on the charges Friday as more than 800 officers continued to search for the escapees, concentrating in a rural area around the prison in the Adirondacks near the Canadian border. Earlier residents reported seeing tow men jumping a stone wall outside Dannemora.

Maj. Charles Guess of the New York State gave a stern warning to the convicts at an evening press conference,

""We're coming for you and will not stop until you are caught,"" he said.

He added that Mitchell's arrest represented ""one large piece of the puzzle in our quest"" to find the men.

Asked about any clues to the escapees' whereabouts, Guess said there was no ""conclusive evidence"" that either had left the area. None of the reports of possible sightings has been confirmed, he added.

""It's day six,"" he said, ""and if they have not escaped the area, you've got to assume they're cold, wet, tired and hungry.""

As to whether they split up, Guess said, ""there's no reason to believe they're not together but we're planning for both eventualities.""

Earlier, Wylie said Mitchell, a supervisor in the prison's tailoring shop, brought ""contraband"" into the prison but he declined to elaborate on what, specifically, she gave the men.

The Albany Times-Union reported late Thursday that Mitchell told New York State Police she gave Matt, 48, and Sweat, 34, access to a cell phone and smuggled tools into the prison.

A police source close to the investigation confirmed to Fox News Friday that Mitchell planned to provide a getaway car for the two convicted murderers but had a change of heart at the last minute. Mitchell instead checked herself into a hospital some 40 miles away from the prison, complaining of panic attacks, according to law enforcement.

Mitchell joined the prison staff in March of 2008 and earned $57,697 a year. She was suspended without pay, effective Friday.

Police, meanwhile, said Friday that two men believed to be the inmates were spotted jumping over a stone wall in the woods in Saranac, a few miles from the prison, the Buffalo News reported. According to the newspaper, a law enforcement officer said he believes he saw the two at 7:30 a.m. Friday and authorities converged on the area.

Colleen Cringle, who lives on Cringle road in Saranac, told the newspaper police were using her home as a staging area to search for the killers.

New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo has vowed that state law would come down hard on any prison system employee who crosses the line with inmates.

""If you do it, you will be convicted, and then you'll be on the other side of the prison that you've been policing, and that is not a pleasant place to be,"" Cuomo said. The governor also said investigators are ""talking to several people who may have facilitated the escape.""

The Times-Union also reported that Mitchell had been investigated in recent months by the state corrections department's inspector general after a fellow prison worker complained that she had gotten too close to Sweat and Matt. That investigation did not result in any discipline.

Prison employees and correction officers are prohibited from having relationships with inmates or performing favors for them.

Matt was serving 25 years to life for the 1997 kidnap, torture and hacksaw dismemberment of Matt's 76-year-old former boss, whose body was found in pieces in a river.

Matt and an accomplice stuffed William Rickerson in a car trunk in his pajamas and drove around with him for 27 hours because he wouldn't tell them the location of large sums of money he was believed to have.

According to testimony, Matt bent back the elderly man's fingers until they broke and later snapped Rickerson's neck with his bare hands.

After the killing, Matt fled to Mexico, where he killed a man outside a bar.

Sweat was doing life without parole for his part in the 2002 killing of sheriff's Deputy Kevin Tarsia, who was shot 15 times and run over after discovering Sweat and two accomplices transferring stolen guns between vehicles.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click for more from The Albany Times-Union",1
599,Election Day: No Legal Pot In Ohio; Democrats Lose In The South,"Election Day: No Legal Pot In Ohio; Democrats Lose In The South

Tuesday is ""off year"" Election Day in parts of the country. Legalizing marijuana is on the ballot in Ohio, Houston voters will decide on an equal rights ordinance and San Francisco weighs short-term rentals in what's being called the ""Airbnb Initiative.""

Elsewhere, eyes are on governor races in Kentucky and Louisiana, and whether Democrats can make any progress in the South.

Here's a look at some of the races:

Houston voters will decide whether to keep an equal rights ordinance that was approved by the City Council last year. The Houston Equal Rights Ordinance (HERO) would ban discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity  criteria not covered by national anti-discrimination laws. The ordinance is hotly debated, particularly after some opposition ads were released. The ads claim that the ordinance would allow men who identify as women to assault women and young girls in bathrooms.

Hillary Clinton tweeted her support for the ordinance on Oct. 29, writing: ""No one should face discrimination for who they are or who they love  I support efforts for Equality in Houston & beyond. #HERO #YesOnProp1 -H"".

A White House spokesman said that President Obama and Vice President Biden were ""confident that the citizens of Houston will vote in favor of fairness and equality.""

Update from Houston Public Media: Houston's voters strongly rejected the anti-discrimination measure, with about three-fifths of voters opposed.

Republican Matt Bevin and Democrat Jack Conway are running to replace retiring Gov. Steve Beshear, a Democrat. Although Republicans have aggressively been spending money in the hope of retaining the governor's mansion, Conway has outspent Bevin 4 to 1. This race has been characterized by both candidates accusing each other of lying about their records.

Update from WFPL in Louisville: Conway conceded the race  the returns late Tuesday night showed Bevin winning with about 53 percent of the vote  and Republicans generally performed well in the state.

Louisiana has a gubernatorial election this year but it doesn't work the way you might expect. Louisiana's election system relies on what's called a ""jungle primary."" In a jungle primary, all candidates regardless of party appear on one ballot. If no one wins 50 percent of the vote, the top two candidates face each other in a runoff election.

John Bel Edwards, a Democrat and state legislative leader, earned roughly 40 percent of the vote. He now will face Sen. David Vitter, a Republican, in the runoff election on Nov. 21. Vitter has had a tough race so far. His critics have continuously cited his involvement in a 2007 prostitution scandal, in which Vitter's telephone number was found in the records of the so-called D.C. Madam, Deborah Palfrey. Palfrey was accused of running a prostitution ring that made more than $2 million over 13 years.

The ""Clean Elections Initiative"" would increase public funding for candidates to up to $3 million in order to make them more competitive against privately-funded candidates, according to Reuters. The existing law makes up to $2 million available to candidates for state office. The ballot measure would also increase disclosure requirements and increase the penalties for campaign finance violations.

Update from the Portland Press Herald: The measure passed, with 55 percent of the vote as of late Tuesday:

Republican Gov. Phil Bryant is up for reelection and faces opposition from an unlikely candidate  truck driver and political unknown Robert Gray. According to The Associated Press, Gray didn't even tell his closest relatives that he had signed up to campaign for governor. Bryant has spent roughly $2.7 million this year and reportedly has $1.4 million in the bank. Gray has spent about $3,000 on his campaign in the past three months.

Update from Mississippi Public Broadcasting: Gray will presumably be back on the road after losing, 67 percent to 32 percent.

Ohio voters vote on two ballot measures with constitutional amendments that could dramatically change marijuana laws in their state. Issue 3, as one of these two measures is called, would enable landowners or operators of 10 predetermined sites the right to grow commercial marijuana. That's in contradiction to the second measure, Issue 2, which would prohibit monopolies from being enshrined in the state constitution. If both measures pass, there's sure to be lots of confusion.

Update from WCPN in Cleveland: Voters rejected legal and medical marijuana, with two-thirds voting against Issue 3; Issue 2, the measure rejecting the proposed marijuana oligopoly, was passing 54 percent to 46 percent.

San Franciscans heading to the polls Tuesday will get to vote on Proposition F, colloquially known as the ""Airbnb Initiative."" The initiative is a ballot measure that would strengthen regulation on the short-term rental of houses and apartments. While Airbnb is likely the biggest company in that niche market, the Los Angeles Times points out that there are other vacation rental companies that would be affected. Right now, residents can rent out their apartment or home for 90 days in a year. Proposition F would limit that rental period to 75 days. The measure is viewed as an attempt to discourage people from taking units off the housing market and using them as short-term apartment rentals. San Francisco has an acute housing shortage.

Update from KQED in San Francisco: Voters rejected the measure, Proposition F, 55 percent to 45 percent.

Seattle voters will decide on a campaign finance measure that's being touted as a national model for campaign finance reform. Ballot initiative I-122, if passed, would create a public financing model in the city. Every resident would receive a $100 voucher to give to the candidate of their choosing. The measure would also limit election campaign contributions from entities receiving city contracts of $250,000 or more, or from people spending more than $5,000 on lobbying.

Update from KUOW in Seattle: Voters overwhelmingly passed the measure, 60 percent to 40 percent.

All 140 seats of Virginia's General Assembly are up for election today. Republicans currently control the state Senate, 21 seats to 19. Expecting low turnout, both parties have been trying to drive their message home to voters. Republicans are expected to retain their majority in the GA. Democrats hope to take control of the state Senate.

Update from the Richmond Times-Dispatch: Republicans have kept their majority in the Senate, and their strong control of the General Assembly.",1
4577,President Trump: A colossal failure for democracy and our terrifying new reality,"Its impossible to overstate how colossal a fuckup this is. At every level, across both parties, the media, pollsters  all the democratic institutions that are supposed to prevent something like this from happening or at least warn us about it. Donald Trump, aRepublican candidate who ran an openly racist campaign, who is as proud a misogynist as youll find anywhere, who is manifestly ignorant of public policy, who is brusquely authoritarian, who has little respect or understanding of democratic norms and who embodies every moral failing thats supposed to disqualify a candidate from higher office, has apparently been electedas the next president of the United States.

The markets are collapsing, the globe is reeling, and nobody can quite explain what the hell happened. But heres what this failure will mean: The climate, which is warming precipitously, is now guaranteed to continue along that trajectory toward global catastrophe. The millions of people who gained health coverage over the last half of a decade are now at acute risk of being thrown off their insurance plan and left to the unfeeling mercies ofinsurance underwriters.

Income inequality, already at dangerously high levels, will only grow worse as tax cuts for the rich and spending cuts for the poor are pushed through the Republican Congress. Unprecedented GOP obstructionism on Supreme Court nominees has been rewarded in the worst possible way. And the foreign policy of the United States will be run by a bona fide ignoramus.

The man elected to the most powerful office in the land has no idea what to do with it and no concept of its limitations. He attracts the worst people to him, sycophants and power-hungry strivers who will be placed in positions of authority and who will obey the boss diktat above anything else. Every democratic norm he gleefully shredded along the way is gone for good. Every thumb in the eye of transparency will now be official policy.

But right now those things are not what I think about when I contemplate life under President Donald Trump. This will sound trite, but primarily I think about my two boys, a 2-year-old and a 4-month-old. I dont have to explain this to them because neither would understand. But if I were to tell my 2-year-old what is happening, Id do it in Spanish because both he and his brother have deep Mexican roots that my wife and I want them to embrace and be proud of. It destroys me to know that they, that we live in a country that seems to have chosen as its leader a person who made frenzied racial attacks on my familys heritage the launch pad for his successful presidential run. I think about the African-Americans, Muslims, Jews, and Latinos in this country who now face life in a country presided over by a candidate who embodies white nationalism and memorably couldnt bring himself to disavow a former leader of the Ku Klux Klan. Children of undocumented immigrants who are U.S. citizens by birth have been told by their new president that theyll be deported. Refugees from Syria who were relocated here to escape war and violence will have another target on their backs. These are the people who will feel the consequences of this failure most acutely. I have one more thing to add: I am sorry. In my capacity as a media figure, I too often treated Trump as a joke, a bumbling incompetent, someone who obviously could not be treated seriously as a legitimate candidate for the presidency. Now I can only think that I was too hidebound by conventional wisdom, too comfortably out of touch to see what was in front of me. I succumbed to the sideshow element of this awful race more times than I can be comfortable with. I own this failure, too.",1
1934,Chris Christie losing home-state donors as Jeb Bush makes inroads,"New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie is rapidly losing support among some of his most prominent home-state donors and power brokers, who are either hesitant to back him or shifting allegiance to former Florida governor Jeb Bush.

Bushs aggressive moves to lock up the Republican Partys premier fundraisers threaten to undercut the Garden State governor before his expected campaign can get off the ground, while raising questions about how robust of a network of support Christie will be able to muster.

Bush has stopped short of directly confronting Christie by holding a fundraiser on his home turf. But behind the scenes, he has been quietly wooing, via e-mail, a cadre of high-profile Christie backers, including a group that attended a private dinner with Bush at New Yorks Union League Club in January.

Ive known and admired Jeb for many years and Im obviously intrigued by his candidacy, or I wouldnt have had dinner or communicated with him in recent weeks, said New Jersey State Sen. Joseph M. Kyrillos Jr. (R), who chaired Christies 2009 gubernatorial campaign and attended the New York dinner. Time will tell how things evolve.

New York Jets owner Woody Johnson, a onetime Christie booster, signaled his support for Bush on Wednesday when he showed up at a fundraiser in Chicago for Bushs political committees.

Former New Jersey governor Thomas H. Kean Sr., a longtime mentor of Christie who is no longer close to him, said in an interview Thursday that he hasnt decided whom to back  while offering praise for Bush.

When [Bush] said he has strong views on issues and wont change them to win an early primary, it showed me he has real convictions, Kean said. The Republican Party in the past has had problems with people who changed their views in order to win a primary, only to have to scramble back in a general election. Voters dont find that kind of behavior credible.

Several Bush donors in New Jersey are also in the initial stages of planning an event in the state in March or April, according to several people with knowledge of the discussions. Bush may not attend, but his backers want to demonstrate his New Jersey support.

Several top Christie backers said Thursday that he still has a strong organization of financial heavyweights both in New Jersey and across the country, and they disputed the notion that he is being undercut by Bush.

Were doing fine, said Kenneth G. Langone, the billionaire co-founder of Home Depot, who has pledged to devote substantial resources to advance Christies bid. Everybody Ive called and asked has said yes.

Christie allies do not expect that he will be able to come close to matching Bushs current fundraising spree, which is expected to bring in tens of millions. His team has sought to project a sense of calm as it makes daily calls to donors, arguing that much of the movement toward Bush is coming from loyalists who received appointments in the administrations of his father and brother.

Ray Washburne, the Dallas real estate developer leading the national fundraising push for Christies political committee, said there is plenty of room for both of them.

Jeb has grabbed a good bit of the donor base, no question, he said. But there is still a huge amount of the donor base available to get.

A Christie aide provided a list of two dozen New Jersey major contributors committed to Christies new political committee, including investor Finn Wentworth, trucking magnate Jerry Langer and Christies brother, Todd.

New Jersey real estate executive Jon Hanson, who served as finance chairman for Christies gubernatorial campaigns, said his in-state donor network is stepping up and contributing.

I can see hes out there doing a good job, Hanson said of Bush. But I dont think thats going to hinder our ability to raise money for Governor Christies PAC.

Last week, Christie held a fundraiser at the Greenwich, Conn., home of former GOP gubernatorial candidate Thomas C. Foley. In the coming weeks, he is planning to headline finance events in California and Texas.

So far, Christie has been raising money solely for his Leadership Matters for America PAC, which can accept up to $5,000 from individual donors. An affiliated super PAC, which can raise unlimited personal and corporate money, is expected to be launched soon.

Once it is, Langone said he plans to put in significant amounts of money. Absolutely, he said. Im waiting for it to start.

But the investor also noted that he would be squarely behind Bush if Christies Florida rival emerges victorious out of the GOP primaries.

If Jeb Bush is the Republican nominee, I will do everything I can to help him get elected, he said. Jeb Bush is a good man. My preference is Christie for one reason: As I look at what this country desperately needs, I think he comes closest to giving us everything we need and want.

The reticence Christie has encountered among prominent party financiers is a sharp contrast with the more than $100million that the Republican Governors Association brought in under his recent chairmanship. While Christie aides have credited the fundraising haul to his efforts, some RGA donors have privately said their giving was driven more by their interest in supporting various governors up for reelection.

Christies difficulty in locking down home-state support comes after his remarks about child vaccinations on a recent trip to London drew a wave of scathing criticism and alarmed some of his supporters. The governor had to make a series of calls to assure contributors that he supports vaccination for diseases such as measles.

Spencer Zwick, Mitt Romneys finance chairman in 2012, said the attitude of former Christie backers at home is telling.

Kyrillos is a very good bellwether for whats happening in New Jersey, Zwick said of the state senator. If Christie decides to run, hes going to need the support from the people closest to him to sustain him until he can get national Republican support.

Zwick, who has not committed to a 2016 candidate, added, Personally, I have had my own reservations about what Governor Christie did at a key moment in the last presidential election and let it be known to him and others, a reference to extensive public praise by Christie of President Obama for the federal response to Hurricane Sandy in the late stages of the campaign. But I do not believe he had bad intentions and I have moved on.

Another former Christie ally, New Jersey attorney Lawrence E. Bathgate II, hosted the Jan. 8 dinner in New York to introduce Bush to some of Christies top supporters.

Bathgate had been in Christies camp for years, but their relationship publicly soured after Christies administration pursued a plan to build protective dunes on the states coastline where Bathgate has an oceanfront home.

In an interview, though, Bathgate said his reservations about Christie began when he embraced Obama during his visit to the hurricane-battered state. He also expressed concern about more recent events, including the ongoing inquiry into the closing of traffic lanes leading to the George Washington Bridge.

I know he wanted to work with President Obama on Sandy, but that doesnt mean you have to put your arm around him and hug him, said Bathgate, a former finance chairman of the Republican National Committee. That took the election and Mitt Romney off the front page. Then you see him a couple years later flying around on Jerry Joness jet, jumping up and down like he is a seventh grader. Hes going to have to answer for all of that, and for Bridgegate.",1
5075,Can Sanders rally supporters around Clinton after DNC email leak?,"Bernie Sanders has thrown his support behind Hilary Clinton, but it remains to be seen whether his base will follow his lead.

Supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders, (I) of Vermont, march during a protest in downtown on Sunday, in Philadelphia. The Democratic National Convention starts Monday in Philadelphia.

Amid lingering angst over the primary process, Bernie Sanders has a chance to encourage his supporters to embrace party unity.

Sanders is set to meet privately with supporters Monday before the start of the Democratic National Convention. Sanders backers have expressed frustration over the nominating procedures, the party platform and party leadership, with some suggesting they may protest or take action on the floor. But the Vermont Senator has struck a positive message in recent interviews, expressing his support for Hillary Clinton.

""I'm proud that, in the Democratic platform that was passed a few weeks ago, we are making some real progress,"" Sanders said on CNN Sunday. He added: ""My focus right now is defeating (Donald) Trump, electing Clinton, electing progressive candidates around this country and focusing on the issues that matter the most to working families.""

Efforts to promote party togetherness were not helped by the publication last week of thousands of hacked emails, some of which suggested the DNC was favoring Clinton during the primary season. For many Sanders fans, the messages proved that their concerns about party officials preferring Clinton were correct. While party chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz is stepping down soon, she will still have a convention role, which could draw jeers from Sanders delegates.

""Democrats had great fun chortling over last weeks less-than-smooth Republican convention  the 'Never Trump' revolt, the plagiarism, the booing, the high-profile GOP no-shows,"" The Christian Science Monitor's Linda Feldmann reports.""Now, it appears that Donald Trump and the Republicans may have the last laugh, as thousands of pro-Sanders demonstrators descend upon Philadelphia to protest the Democratic establishment  including Clintons perceived deficits as a progressive.""

At a meeting of the DNC credentials committee Sunday, comments praising Wasserman Schultz were met with laughter by some Sanders supporters. At a committee meeting the previous day, Sanders backers shouted ""shame, shame, shame"" as amendments to abolish or limit superdelegates in future nominating competitions were voted down.

Some Sanders delegates feel the Clinton campaign is not taking their policy concerns seriously. At a news conference Sunday, Sanders delegate Norman Solomon, 65, of Point Reyes Station, California, said many of Sanders' liberal supporters were disappointed in Clinton's vice presidential pick of Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine. He said most viewed Kaine as not progressive enough and that there had been discussion about a variety of protest actions at the convention, including walking out.

""We've got to challenge the corporate power in the Democratic Party represented by Hillary Clinton today,"" Solomon said.

Still, Sanders delegate Courtney Rowe, 34, from Cedar Rapids, Iowa, said ""we are not here to disrupt for the purpose of disruption."" She said she was not currently planning on any action and wanted to hear from Sanders.

Sanders, who endorsed Clinton two weeks ago after a long-fought primary, has sought to find common ground around the party platform and rules. He successfully won major platform concessions, including a $15 federal minimum wage, abolishing the death penalty and breaking up large Wall Street banks. And at the DNC rules committee the two sides agreed on a ""unity commission"" that will review changes to the nominating process, including limiting the role of superdelegates.

After the unity commission agreement, Sanders supporters seeking to pass amendments to abolish or curtail superdelegates opted against pursuing convention floor fights on the issue.

Sanders has made clear that he would like to see a full roll call vote at the convention, so that his delegates can show their support.",1
2076,'Historic' climate deal in sight as nations parse final text,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
4714,"Trump slams 'corrupt' media, as more women make sexual assault claims","Two more women accused Republican nominee Donald Trump of sexual assault Friday, with a relative of one of them saying that the allegation was ""an attempt to regain the spotlight.""



Summer Zervos, a former contestant on Trump's NBC reality show ""The Apprentice,"" said the real estate mogul kissed her and groped her after meeting at a Beverly Hills hotel in 2007 to discuss a potential job. Zervos, accompanied at a Los Angeles press conference by attorney Gloria Allred, said she was later offered a lower-paying job at a Trump golf course.

You do not have the right to treat women as sexual objects just because you are a star, Zervos said at the press conference, addressing Trump.

Late Friday, the Trump campaign released a statement purporting to be from statement in which a cousin of Zervos said he was ""shocked and bewildered"" by her account.

John Barry of Mission Viejo, Calif., said in the statement that Zervos spoke glowingly of Trump until the real estate mogul rebuffed an invitation to visit her restaurant during the primary campaign.

""I think Summer wishes she could still be on reality TV, and in an effort to get that back shes saying all of these negative things about Mr. Trump,"" Barry said. ""Thats not how she talked about him before.""

Trump himself issued a statement saying thathe ""never met [Zervos] at a hotel or greeted her inappropriately a decade ago. That is not who I am as a person, and it is not how Ive conducted my life."" He added that Zervos had emailed Trump's office this past April 14 to ask if he could visit her restaurant in California.

Allred, who frequently represents women bringing sexual harassment and assault claims, said many more women have contacted her regarding the Republican nominee after a video emerged of Trump making lewd comments about women in 2005  comments Trump apologized for, but dismissed as locker room talk.

Allred said Zervos is not filing a suit at this time.

Earlier Friday,The Washington Postreported on a womans claim that Trump put his hand up her skirt and groped her at a Manhattan nightspot in the early '90s.

According to the Post,Kristin Anderson claimed that while she was at the Manhattan nightspot in the early 1990s, Trump slid his fingers under her miniskirt and fondled her.

Campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks called Anderson's claim a ""total fabrication."" She said in a statement, ""It is illogical and nonsensical to think Donald Trump was alone in a nightclub in Manhattan.""

The new allegations capped a tumultuous week on the campaign trail for Trump, who has faced a daily drip-drip of allegations even as he has tried to focus on Bill Clinton's female accusers -- and the massive leak of Clinton campaign emails by WikiLeaks.

As Zervos was making her accusations Friday, Trump was at a rally in Greensboro, N.C., rejecting all the allegations against him as total fiction.

I have no idea who these women are, Trump said. The stories are total fiction. Theyre 100 percent made up.

He continued to expand on his argument that the claims are part of a conspiracy involving the Clinton campaign and what he calls the corrupt media  in particular the New York Times, which kick-started the reports of sexual misconduct earlier this week. Trump previously threatened to sue the Times over allegations they published from two women who claim Trump groped them.

On Friday, Trump went after the Times again, suggesting the reporters were acting at the behest of billionaire Carlos Slim, the largest shareholder in the Times.

Now, Carlos Slim, as you know, comes from Mexico. Hes given many millions of dollars to the Clintons and their initiatives, Trump said. Reporters at The New York Times, theyre not journalists. Theyre corporate lobbyists for Carlos Slim and for Hillary Clinton.

Trump then claimed the controversy was a total setup consisting of lies spread by the media as a way to undermine his campaign. He went so far as to mock his accusers, making fun of one who told the Times he groped her on an airplane in the early 1980s.

The only way they can figure they can slow it down is to come up with people that are willing to say Oh I was with Donald Trump in 1980, he said, putting on a voice mocking his accusers. 'I was sitting with him on an airplane and he went after me on the plane. Yeah, I'm gonna go after you

Believe me, he added. She would not be my first choice, I can tell you.

One of the accusers who came forward earlier this week, Mindy McGillivray of Palm Springs, Fla., told the Palm Beach Post Friday that she was planning to leave the United States because she feared for her familys safety. She told the paper cars had been driving around her house.

As Trump ratched up his attacks Friday on the media and his accusers, Democrats have been seizing on the accounts as proof that Trump is unfit for office. On Thursday, first lady Michelle Obama launched a scathing attack on the billionaire and the comments he made on the 2005 tape.

""We have a candidate for president of the United States who over the course of his lifetime, over the course of this campaign, has said things about women that are shocking, so demeaning,"" she said. ""I simply will not repeat anything here today. Last week, we actually saw this candidate bragging about sexually assaulting women. I can't believe I'm saying that, a candidate for president of the United States bragged about sexually assaulting women.""

On Friday, President Obama followed up, saying Trump was determined to drag this election as low as he can possibly go and warned that democracy is on the ballot in November.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4911,The 5 unspoken rules for covering Hillary Clinton,"The reporter's job is to ""comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable""  a credo that, humorously, was originally written as a smear of the self-righteous nature of journalists. And so the justification for going after a public figure increases in proportion to his or her stature. The bigger the figure, the looser the restraints.

After a quarter of a century on the national stage, there's no more comfortable political figure to afflict thanHillary Clinton. And she's in for a lot of affliction over the next year and half.

That's generally a good way for reporters to go about their business. After all, the more power a person wants in our republic, the more voters should know about her or him. But it's also an essential frame for thinking about the long-toxic relationship between the Clintons and the media, why the coverage of Hillary Clinton differs from coverage of other candidates for the presidency, and whether that difference encourages distortions that will ultimately affect the presidential race.

The Clinton rules are driven by reporters' and editors' desire to score the ultimate prize in contemporary journalism: the scoop that brings down Hillary Clinton and her family's political empire. At least in that way, Republicans and the media have a common interest.

I understand these dynamics well, having co-written a book that demonstrated how Bill and Hillary Clinton used Hillary's time at State to build the family political operation and set up for their fourth presidential campaign. That is to say, I've done a lot of research about the Clintons' relationship with the media, and experienced it firsthand. As an author, I felt that I owed it to myself and the reader to report, investigate, and write with the same mix of curiosity, skepticism, rigor, and compassion that I would use with any other subject. I wanted to sell books, of course. But the easier way to do that  proven over time  is to write as though the Clintons are the purest form of evil. The same holds for daily reporting. Want to drive traffic to a website? Write something nasty about a Clinton, particularly Hillary.

As a reporter, I get sucked into playing by the Clinton rules. This is what I've seen in my colleagues, and in myself.

One of my former colleagues, a hard-nosed reporter who has put countless political pelts on his wall, once told me that everyone in public life has something to hide. Who goes down in the flames of scandal? The politicians we decide to go after.

That may not be 100 percent true, but it's true enough. The act of choosing, time and again, to go after the same person has the effect of tainting that person, even when an investigation or reporting turns up nothing nefarious  and it's time not spent digging into his or her adversaries. The original source of alleged malfeasance could come from the other party, within a politician's party, or from the reporter's own observations and industrious digging. But two things are crystal clear: If there's no investigation, there's no scandal. And if there's no scandal, there's no scalp.

The Clintons have been under investigation for about 25 years now. There's little doubt they've produced more information for investigators, lawyers, and journalists about their finances, their business and philanthropic dealings, and their decision-making processes in government than any officials in American history. They've watched countless friends frog-marched into congressional hearings and, in some cases, to jail. They know there's a good chance that any expressed thought will become part of the public record and twisted for political gain.

The most absurd allegations against Hillary Clinton have been bookends on her public career so far: that she had something to do with the suicide of Clinton White House aide Vince Foster, and that she bears responsibility for the terrorist attack that killed US Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens.

But in between, there was Travelgate, Filegate, and Whitewater. Some were less legitimate than others. When Clinton surprisingly claimed that she and her husband were ""dead broke"" when they left the White House, it was because they had spent all of their money to defend themselves against an eight-year barrage of investigations.

It's understandable, then, why the Clintons have a bunker mentality when it comes to transparency. But their paranoia leads them to be secretive, and their secrecy leads Republicans and the press to suspect wrongdoing. That spurs further investigation, which only makes the Clintons more secretive. The paranoia and persistent investigation feed each other in an endless cycle of probe and parry. Along the way, the political class and the public are forced to choose imperfect sides: the power couple that always seems to be hiding something, or a Washington investigation complex that is overly partisan and underwhelming in its ability to prove gross misconduct.

This is, for Republicans, a reasonable strategy. They know that if they keep investigating her, it will do two things: keep the media writing about scandals that might knock her out, and turn off voters who don't want a return to the bloodsport politics of the 1990s. They leak partial stories to reporters hungry for that one great scoop that will give them the biggest political scalp of them all. But they also err in jumping the gun in accusing her of wrongdoing, which allows Clinton to defend herself by pointing at the folly of her adversaries.

In touring the country to promote our book in 2014, my co-author and I were repeatedly lobbied to assert that Clinton is a lesbian. One gentleman pushed the issue during a Q&A at a Barnes and Noble on the Upper West Side of Manhattan  one of the few places you might expect that kind of thing to get a rest.

The National Enquirer published a story in April alleging that Clinton wiped her personal email server clean because it contained references to her lesbian lovers.

Meanwhile, the conservative media are also convinced Clinton is preparing to wage a war on Christianity if she wins the presidency. But one thing revealed in her State Department emails is that Clinton shared daily religious reflections with her friends.

It's not just the out-of-the-box allegations that keep the media machine spun up. A year before Chelsea Clinton got married, Clinton staffers were kept busy by mainstream journalists who were absolutely sure she had already gone through with secret nuptials.

And, on a more serious note, remember Benghazi flu? Many political opponents and members of the media were unable to accept the idea that Clinton was forced to cancel planned Senate testimony on Benghazi because she'd suffered a concussion. Now, three years later, it seems ridiculous to think that Clinton was making an excuse  she's since testified on both sides of the Hill  or that she suffered, as Karl Rove suggested, brain damage. And if she was making up the concussion to avoid testifying, how did she suffer brain damage from a fake fall?

The conservative media echo chamber, which bounces innuendo from Rush Limbaugh to Fox News and back again, ensures that the most damning story lines  true or not  stay alive. The Benghazi attacks are a perfect example. Terrorists killed four Americans. The conservative echo chamber seems convinced Hillary Clinton is at fault. The reasonable argument to make is that we shouldn't have been in Libya in the first place and the murders were a down-the-chain result of bad policy. But the right wing wants to prove that they happened because of Clinton's actions  or inaction  on security matters.

They've talked about security requests denied for Libya (never mind that the stronger contingent would have been in Tripoli, not Benghazi, and that there's no evidence Clinton herself was aware of the requests), a stand-down order that prevented reinforcements from arriving in Benghazi (never mind that they wouldn't have gotten there until after the fighting was done, and that even a House Republican committee found that there was no such order) and, most of absurd of all, that Clinton knew the attack was coming. This is how Limbaugh put it in May.

The freedom of the conservative media to make wild allegations often acts as a bulldozer forcing reporters to check into the charges and, in doing so, repeat them. By the time they've been debunked, they're part of the American public's collective consciousness. Or, as it's been said, a lie gets around the world before the truth gets out of bed.

One outgrowth of Clinton's terrible relationship with reporters is that journalists often assume she is acting in bad faith. There's good reason for that. Though she's added some new pros to her press staff for this campaign, her operation's stance toward the media was always a reflection of the way Bill Clinton's White House handled journalists.

Back in the mid-1990s, Bill Clinton relied on a series of Machiavellian spin doctors to keep the press at bay. With the Clinton White House, the modus operandi was to stonewall as long as possible, lie if necessary  or just out of habit  and turn questions around on the questioners. After all, Bill Clinton once wagged his finger at a press conference and told reporters, ""I did not have sexual relations with that woman ... Ms. Lewinsky."" He'd lied in a deposition, too.

So the press has plenty of precedent for believing that when the Clintons aren't forthcoming  and sometimes, even when they are  they're covering something up. And the Clintons, given the history of some-smoke-no-fire investigations launched against them, have plenty of precedent for being mistrustful of the press. The result is a brutally dysfunctional relationship on both sides. The Clintons believe the press acts in bad faith, and the press believes the Clintons' attitudes toward the press are evidence that the Clintons are hiding something.

That attitude carried over to Hillary Clinton's 2008 campaign, and to some degree her tenure as Secretary of State. The standard response to a reporter's question is not an answer. It is to ignore the question or to engage in a Socratic debate by asking a question in return. It's clear Clinton doesn't like the media one bit, as Glenn Thrush and Maggie Haberman reported last year.

At a July Fourth parade this past weekend, Clinton aides used rope to create an impromptu moving barrier for reporters, keeping them away from the candidate and voters. She treated them like cattle, and they responded by putting the video on television for the last three days.

The mistrust among journalists is a problem for Clinton. And as the media is an amplifier for the public, it's also little wonder that so many voters are inclined to believe she's often acting in bad faith. Most Americans say she's not honest and trustworthy.

This view, shared by many reporters and most of the public, makes it much easier to treat Clinton's actions as though they are uniquely sinister. Case in point: She made a ton of money giving paid speeches to people with business before the government. So did Jeb Bush, of course. But until Bush recently released an accounting of some of those speeches, the media had little interest in his dealings. Kudos to Ken Vogel of Politico, who did some digging on that for a story published Thursday.

The imbalance in assumptions about Clinton's motivations is another way in which the Clinton code has a distorting effect on the public perception of her. And it, too, is self-perpetuating: It leads Clinton to assume the press is biased against her, which leads her to treat the press poorly, which leads more reporters to assume she's trying to hide something from them.

When Clinton keynoted an annual fundraiser for David Axelrod's epilepsy charity in June 2013, several major news outlets sent reporters to cover the speech. That was more than three years before the 2016 election. Every word, every gesture, every facial expression is scrutinized.

Video of Clinton ordering a burrito bowl at a Chipotle became the first viral image of her campaign. Reporters gave fodder to late-night comedians earlier this year when they made a mad dash to catch up as her campaign van rolled by.

This coverage of every last detail, of course, isn't a one-way street. It wasn't until a reporter was tipped off to the Chipotle visit that anyone knew about it. She craves the attention even more than she detests it.

But that, too, has a distorting effect. As with the royal family in London, normally private moments become part of a public narrative: her husband's affair, her daughter's wedding, the birth of her granddaughter.

All the attention has the effect of making Clinton seem, to the casual observer, hungrier for press than even the average politician. And there's no doubt that part of the love/hate relationship is an intense desire to attract and manipulate coverage. But Clinton understands that sometimes it's better not to be in the spotlight.

The best example of that was when she declined requests to appear on Sunday political talk shows right after the Benghazi attacks. Susan Rice, then the ambassador to the UN and now Obama's national security adviser, leaped at the chance to stand in for Clinton. Those appearances ended up costing Rice the nomination to succeed Clinton as secretary of state when many senators concluded she had lied about the origin and nature of the attacks.

The press has such fascination with the Clintons that the coverage would be there whether Hillary Clinton wanted it or not.

For someone who lost a big lead in the 2008 presidential primary and is ceding ground to Bernie Sanders right now, Clinton is given a lot of credit for her political acumen. Her detractors see in every move, including the birth of her granddaughter, a grandly conceived and executed political calculation.

And Clinton plays into that by using the positives in her life for political gain.

That doesn't make her different from other candidates for the presidency  it makes her just like them. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie talked about his grandmothers, his mom, his wife, and his kids when he launched his bid for the presidency last week. Was that calculated to send messages about Christie to the public? Of course!

The best example, though, was the tear  the one that rolled down Clinton's cheek as she campaigned in New Hampshire after having come in third in the Iowa caucuses in 2008.

The New York Times's Maureen Dowd pilloried her for what Dowd saw as a window into the dark part of Clinton's soul.

How far political journalism has come from castigating Ed Muskie for crying to accusing Clinton of calculating that tears would help her win. She's not that good at politics.

I take a dim view of the idea that journalists successfully anoint political winners. The media might have been in the bag for Barack Obama, but he didn't win because he got positive coverage. He won because he had better strategy, a better message, and better skills at delivering that message  in the 2008 primary and in the two general elections he won.

That said, the media can definitely weigh down  and even destroy  a candidate. The emphasis on a candidate's flaws  real or perceived  comes at the cost of the candidate's ability to focus his or her message and at the cost of negative attention to the other candidates. This is a problem for Clinton, and it seems unlikely to go away.

Hillary Clinton is comfortable enough to be a target for a lot of journalistic affliction and powerful enough that no one needs to comfort her from that affliction. But these double standards are an important factor to keep in mind when judging her against her rivals for the presidency. Whether they're fair or not, the Clinton rules distort the public's perception of Hillary Clinton.

Correction: This story has been corrected to remove an erroneous reference to the source of the original report on the Monica Lewinsky scandal. The Drudge Report first broke news that Newsweek had decided to hold a story about the affair.",1
2834,Iraq launches operation against ISIS in Anbar province,"The Iraqi government -- supported by Shiite militias from Iran -- launched a large-scale military operation to take out Islamic State militants from Iraqs western Anbar province Monday.

The operation is under way to recapture Fallujah and Ramadi, a senior defense official at the Pentagon confirmed to Fox News Monday. The efforts are supported by Shiite militias, known as Popular Mobilization Units, from Iran and its proxy Hezbollah.

Photos of Irans Quds force Commander Qasem Soleimani visiting Shia militia units inside Iraq have appeared on social media since ISIS took over large portions of Iraq a year ago.

The defense official was unaware of any U.S. air support boosting the operation. It has been longstanding Pentagon policy to support only units aligned with the government of Iraq, but the line can be blurred as the chain of command for units operating in Iraq is not always known.

The spokesman for the Joint Operations Command, Brig. Gen. Yahya Rasool, said in a televised statement that the operation started at dawn Monday and that government forces are backed by Shiite and Sunni pro-government fighters.

The operation met fierce resistance from insurgents, who deployed five suicide car bombs and fired rockets to repel their advance on the city of Fallujah, about 30 miles west of Baghdad, military sources in Anbar told Reuters.

There were also reports of fighting around the provincial capital Ramadi, captured by Islamic State two months ago.

There were also reports of fighting around Ramadi-- captured by Islamic State two months ago. Iraqi forces pushed towards the provincial capital from the west and the south, police sources in the province said. Islamic State supporters said those advances were repelled by the militants.

When Shia militia units launched an operation to retake another Sunni stronghold, Tikrit, in March, they did so without support from the U.S.-led coalition initially. U.S. warplanes only supported the operation when the Shia militia units backed by Iran departed the area.

According to the latest coalition airstrike report, there were two airstrikes in Fallujah over the weekend.

This is not the first time the Iraqi government has announced an operation to retake Anbar -- where several key towns, including the provincial capital Ramadi, remain under ISIS control. In May, authorities announced an operation to retake Ramadi, but there has not been any major progress on the ground since then.

The forces arrayed against ISIS are varied, according to retired U.S. Army Lt. Col. Ralph Peters.

This is a real mish-mosh, said Peters, a Fox News contributor. You have Shia militias -- not all of whom get along, by the way, Iraqi troops, police and some Sunni tribesmen. Iran is deeply involved in helping them plan and supervising the operation, but it is compartmentalized. It wont be Sunni tribesmen and Shia militias standing shoulder-to-shoulder. So coordination is going to be a nightmare.

Peters said retaking Fallujah, a much smaller city than Ramadi and closer to Baghdad, will be easier. Going into Ramadi, where ISIS has been dug in for two months and likely booby-trapped buildings, will be a dangerous and painstaking process, he said. And there is one more tactic to worry about, according to Peters.

ISIS is very smart, he said. When they are attacked in one area, they strike in another area. It would not be surprising to see an asymmetric response -- perhaps a new attack on Tikrit or the oil fields in the north.

Hadi al-Ameri, commander of the largest Shi'ite force, the Badr Organization, told Iraqi television Sunday he expected the main attack on Fallujah to happen after the Eid holiday which starts later this week.

Residents in Fallujah and Ramadi reported heavy bombardment of both cities early on Monday.

In a brief statement, Iraq's Prime Minister, Haider al-Abadi, vowed to ""take revenge from Daesh criminals on the battlefield... and their cowardly crimes against unarmed civilians will only increase our determination to chase them and to expel them from the land of Iraq.""

The Islamic State group, also known by the Arabic acronym Daesh, seized large parts of Anbar in early 2014 and captured Ramadi in May. Iraqi forces, which had been making steady progress against the extremists in recent months with the help of the air campaign, scored a major victory in recapturing Saddam Hussein's hometown of Tikrit last month.

During the past few weeks, the troops have been moving to cut the militants' supply routes and to surround and isolate Ramadi and Fallujah.

Rasool didn't provide any further details on the ongoing operations. By noon, the country's state TV reported government forces recapturing villages and areas around Fallujah.

Meanwhile Monday, the Islamic State group claimed responsibility for Sunday's series of bombings in Shiite areas of the capital, Baghdad, that killed at least 29 people and wounded 81 others, according to the ISIS-affiliated Aamaq news agency.

Iraq is going through its worst crisis since the 2011 withdrawal of U.S. troops. The Islamic State group controls large swaths of the country's north and west after capturing Iraq's second-largest city of Mosul and the majority of Anbar province.

Fox News' Lucas Tomlinson and the Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2281,Justices Kennedy and Scalia and their divide on gay rights,"Justices Anthony M. Kennedy and Antonin Scalia were born in the same year, chosen by the same president, live on the same Northern Virginia street and, in serving together on the Supreme Court longer than any other current pair of justices, have many times voted the same conservative way.

But one issue  how the Constitution protects gay citizens  divides and defines the two like no other. This weeks historic hearing on same-sex marriage is both the logical extension and ultimate showdown in a decades-long argument that so far Kennedy has always won.

[Heres what the fallout of a ruling could be in the various states]

Each of Kennedys bold and lyrical rulings on behalf of gays  times can blind us to certain truths and later generations can see that laws once thought necessary and proper in fact serve only to oppress, he wrote in Lawrence v. Texas  has been just as reliably followed by a meticulous and fiery denunciation from Scalia.

The court has taken sides in the culture war, departing from its role of assuring, as neutral observer, that the democratic rules of engagement are observed, Scalia answered in the Lawrence case.

Kennedy has written all of the Supreme Courts most important decisions on gay rights: protecting the civil rights of homosexuals in Romer v. Evans (1996), abolishing anti-gay sodomy laws in Lawrence (2003) and ruling in United States v. Windsor two years ago that the federal government must recognize same-sex marriages.

Each was a steppingstone to the Supreme Courts consideration on Tuesday of whether the Constitution forbids states from prohibiting gay couples to marry.

If the pattern continues and the court renders a landmark ruling favoring gay marriage, it will likely once again be Kennedy whose words memorialize that decision and Scalia who will articulate the dissent.

It is not a conflict everyone would have predicted for two of Ronald Reagans choices for the court. Scalia ascended to the bench in 1986, and Kennedy followed 17 months later. The two, born on opposite coasts in 1936, are consistent comrades on issues important to corporate America and in dismantling campaign finance laws they see restricting political speech.

After Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. sided with liberals to declare the Affordable Care Act constitutional, Scalia and Kennedy united with Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel A. Alito Jr. in a jointly written, 65-page dissent mocking the majority opinion and saying the entire act should be found invalid.

Kennedy is often the deciding vote when the ideologically divided court splits 5 to 4, but in two-thirds of those cases he sides with the conservatives.

But if they often arrive at the same conclusion  one obstacle for same-sex marriage proponents in the current case is Kennedys allegiance to states rights  Kennedy and Scalia could not be more different in how they view a judges role.

Their different approach to gay rights reflects their more fundamental disagreement about how to think about the liberties protected by the Constitution, said Paul M. Smith, a Washington lawyer who was on the winning side in the Lawrence case.

Scalia believes the only freedoms that should be viewed as protected by the Constitution are those that have been protected under American law throughout our history, defined at the most specific level, Smith said. Otherwise, the people decide.

Kennedy, Smith said, believes that each generation has the right to conceive of newer and broader forms of liberty that merit constitutional protection. He sees history as a guide but not a straitjacket.

Their battle is compelling, said Allison Orr Larsen, a William and Mary law professor, because it brings to the forefront the theoretical question in constitutional law: How should courts respond to change when interpreting the Constitution?

Michael Dorf, a professor at Cornell Law School and a former Kennedy clerk, said his former bosss decisions on gay rights were not constructed to lead ultimately to a decision on same-sex marriage. But they provided a foundation for how to view new constitutional rights if thats where the country moves.

Scalia, on the other hand, champions the cause of originalism, and Edward Whelan, a former Scalia clerk and president of the Ethics and Public Policy Center, said his former boss learned quickly that Kennedys judicial approach was not anything close to what Scalias is.

A basic tenet of originalism is that its not the role of judges to impose their own moral philosophies, Whelan said. Scalia understands the Constitution to leave the vast bulk of policy issues to the democratic processes and rejects the notion that its his role to read his own views into the Constitution.

Its worth remembering the differences among President Reagans choices for the Supreme Court.

He fulfilled his campaign pledge to name a woman to the bench with Sandra Day OConnor, the pragmatic Arizona politician and judge who quickly became the courts center.

Scalias selection was celebrated by conservatives eager to see a new method of constitutional interpretation forcefully advocated on the court.

Kennedy was a compromise, Reagans third choice for the seat he once hoped would be filled by conservative Robert Bork, whose nomination was defeated in the Senate. This was the Bork seat, said Smith. Things could have been much different.

Kennedys views, Dorf said, were those of a moderate California Republican.

Although he never ruled for gay rights as a lower court judge, Kennedy expressed concern about the policy even as he upheld the militarys right to dismiss gay servicemen. And Frank J. Colucci, a political science professor at Purdue University who has written a book about Kennedys jurisprudence, recalled that Kennedy in a speech criticized the Supreme Courts 1986 decision in Bowers v. Hardwick that upheld a Georgia statute criminalizing sodomy.

He came about as close as you can as a lower court judge to saying it was wrongly decided, Colucci said.

Once on the court, Kennedy was able to say just that.

In the first gay rights case, Romer, Kennedy wrote for the majority in striking down a Colorado constitutional amendment. After some cities in the state began passing laws protecting gays from discrimination in housing, employment and other areas, voters through a referendum approved the amendment precluding such government protections.

Colorados amendment, Kennedy wrote, classifies homosexuals not to further a proper legislative end but to make them unequal to everyone else. This Colorado cannot do. A state cannot so deem a class of persons a stranger to its laws.

That began something of a call-and-response on the issue: Kennedy delivering the majoritys opinion, Scalia replying with a scalding dissent, read from the bench for emphasis.

This court has no business imposing upon all Americans the resolution favored by the elite class from which the members of this institution are selected, pronouncing that animosity toward homosexuality is evil, Scalia wrote in Romer. I vigorously dissent.

In Lawrence, Kennedy got the chance to reverse the courts decision on sodomy, and did: Bowers was not correct when it was decided and it is not correct today. Private, homosexual conduct between consenting adults, he wrote, involves liberty of the person both in its spatial and more transcendent dimensions.

OConnor wrote a concurring opinion to say the ruling did not touch on the matter of whether gays would be able to marry.

Scalia wrote that homosexuals should be free to promote their cause through democratic means, but many Americans do not want persons who openly engage in homosexual conduct as partners in their business, as scoutmasters for their children, as teachers in their childrens schools, or as boarders in their home.

They view this as protecting themselves and their families from a lifestyle that they believe to be immoral and destructive, he wrote. The court views it as discrimination.

Two years ago, in Windsor, Kennedy wrote that the federal governments refusal to offer the same government benefits available to heterosexual couples to legally married gay couples tells all the world that their otherwise valid marriages are unworthy and humiliates their children.

Again, Scalia blasted the decision, saying the majority was merely being coy in saying the decision did not address whether states are required to give licenses for same-sex marriage.

By formally declaring anyone opposed to same-sex marriage an enemy of human decency, the majority arms well every challenger to a state law restricting marriage to its traditional definition, he wrote.

Most federal courts have taken Scalia literally.

The court agrees with Justice Scalias interpretation of Windsor, wrote U.S. District Judge Robert J. Shelby of Salt Lake City.

Shelbys decision to strike a marriage ban in Utah was the first such ruling following Windsor and began the path that continues to Tuesdays oral arguments, and will end with the courts decision in June.

40 years later: Ive got the license and the faggot letter

The right finds a voice on same-sex marriage

Gay rights, religious rights and a compromise in an unlikely place: Utah",1
1938,Jeb Bush's Foreign Policy Plan: More Military Spending Will 'Encourage Peace',"WASHINGTON -- Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush will lay out a vision of American foreign policy on Wednesday aimed at pushing his nascent 2016 presidential campaign out of the shadow of his father and brother, two former presidents who waged overseas wars.

""I love my father and my brother  But I am my own man - and my views are shaped by my own thinking and own experiences,"" Bush will say in a speech to the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, according to excerpts provided to reporters late Tuesday night.

In his first major foreign policy address, the likely 2016 Republican front-runner will make the case for increased military spending so America can ""project power and enforce peaceful stability in far-off areas of the globe."" He will also criticize President Barack Obama's foreign policy, calling it ""inconsistent and indecisive.""

""Having a military that is equal to any threat ... makes it less likely that we will need to put our men and women in uniform in harms way,"" Bush plans to tell attendees, adding that he believes ""fundamentally, that weakness invites war and strength encourages peace.""

The idea that a bigger U.S. military would act as a bigger deterrent to potential foes is one that reached its apex during the Cold War, but has been repeatedly challenged in the 21st century by the rise of global terrorism and sectarian conflicts.

The Obama administration is currently working to devise responses to a number of unconventional threats to global security. Chief among them are the rise of the so-called Islamic State in the Middle East, and the Russian-backed separatists waging guerrilla war in Ukraine.

From his speech, it appears that Bush would have America play a greater role than it already does in these conflicts. ""America does not have the luxury of withdrawing from the world - our security, our prosperity and our values demand that we remain engaged and involved in often distant places,"" Bush will say. ""We have no reason to apologize for our leadership and our interest in serving the cause of global security, global peace and human freedom.""

This vision of America's role in the world directly contradicts the view held by Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul, another 2016 potential candidate, that the U.S. should avoid involvement in foreign conflicts unless they pose a direct threat to American lives.

But even as Bush stressed that he would devise his own way forward, plenty of his foreign policies invite comparisons, not contradictions, with those of his neoconservative brother, George W.Bush, and his realist father, George H.W. Bush. 

 One reason for this could be that Jeb Bush has consulted many of the same advisers his father and brother relied on to help them craft foreign policy while each was in office. The advisers represent a spectrum of conservative viewpoints, from the pragmatic James Baker, former secretary of state in the George H.W. Bush administration, to the fiercely ideological Paul Wolfowitz, who served as deputy secretary of defense in the George W. Bush administration.

Wolfowitz and Jeb Bush have held similar foreign policy ideas since at least 1997, when they were both signatories to a set of principles devised by the conservative Project for the New American Century, which were described by the group as a ""Reaganite policy of military strength and moral clarity."" Other signatories include former Vice President Dick Cheney and former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.",1
1255,"John Kasich: Hes Conservative, but at Least Hes Sane","I worked for Kasich on Capitol Hill. Yes, hes very conservative. But there are a few surprises in there, and hes in Bizarro World.

With his surprising second-place finish in the New Hampshire primary, Ohio Gov. John Kasich has vaulted out of the pack of also-rans to become the latest hope of two distinct groups of people: Republican operatives fearing what Donald Trumps berserker candidacy might do to their party, and ordinary citizens simply hoping to have a sane presidential candidate to vote for.

Until this past week, Kasich has not attracted much attention, mainly because the current dynamic of media coverage encourages histrionics and preening. But by appearing halfway normal, as he did at last Saturdays debate in South Carolina, and not engaging in theatrics about carpetbombing, waterboarding, or ripping up treaties, he has become the default choice of those who would worry if Kasichs opponents ever got their hands on the nuclear switch.

He has the advantage (and disadvantage) of a long record. I had a chance to see him in action as I worked for him for 17 years on budget and armed services issuesalthough Ive had no connection to him in over a decade, or to his campaign, and am now a political independent.

In the 1980s, at the dawn of his congressional career, many members of his own party considered Kasich a conservative bomb throwerhe would offer his own budget, something back-benchers werent supposed to do in those days. He has not changed ideologically or temperamentallyhis 2011 effort to roll back labor protection for state employees was too extreme and Ohio voters overwhelmingly defeated itbut while Kasich has remained a staunch conservative, much of his party has lurched so far right it has entered Bizarro World.

This fact accounts for Kasichs reputation as a RINO (Republican in name only) and why it may be more difficult for him to win his own partys nomination than the general election. His apostasy in having Ohio accept Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act is unforgivable to Republicans who consider health insurance for the poor to be an instrument of Satan. Likewise, in 1994 he voted for an assault weapons ban, pure heresy for the burgeoning Ted Nugent wing of his party. Kasichs practice of occasionally dissing wealthy GOP donors who are accustomed to blind deference is considered a minus among the partys bigwigs.

Those deeds might help, though, in a general election. So might his national security experience: 18 years on the House Armed Services Committee counts for far more involvement in that field than all his opponents combined. Refreshingly, as a congressman he avoided the kneejerk military interventionism that is now mandatory for GOP candidates. He opposed authorizing the Marines mission in Lebanon in 1983; the bombing of the Marine barracks in October of that year and President Reagans decision to quickly withdraw vindicated Kasichs stand.

Similarly, he opposed President Clintons bombing of Serbia, which in his view amounted to a drive-by shooting with cruise missiles in a conflict in which no discernible U.S. interests were involved. He was also able to work across the aisle with Democrats to put a stake through the heart of the B-2 bomber, a Cold War anachronism, which at $2.2 billion a copy had become an unaffordable luxury.

As Budget Committee chairman, Kasich was also present at the creation of the first balanced budget since the Eisenhower era. While other factors, such as an avalanche of revenues from the dot.com bubble, set the stage for the achievement, he had a formidable job just to keep his own colleagues on task. The defense hawks were always itching to bust the budget caps with more Pentagon spending. And then-Speaker Newt Gingrich, who appeared to suffer from ADD, occasionally threatened to derail the difficult march to a balanced budget with novel and unvetted policy visions.

The general election downside? Just as there are legitimate questions about Hillary Clintons receiving $675,000 from Goldman Sachs for three speeches, Kasich as a nominee would surely face scrutiny over his eight years as a managing director at Lehman Brothers. The investment banks collapse in September 2008, the biggest bankruptcy in U.S. history, nearly pitched the global economy into the abyss. Lawsuits to settle the dismantling of Lehman are still reverberating through the financial world. Ohio voters gave him a pass, but national inspection of his record would be more thoroughcertainly if Clintons campaign had anything to do with it.

Stories occasionally surface about Kasichs anger management problem. As a former employee, I can corroborate those allegations, as well as his tendency to preachy self-righteousness that is a constant temptation of professional politicians. These are, perhaps, pardonable sins both in view of the tasteless vaudeville act being played out by several of his GOP competitors, and his own positive accomplishments.",1
4618,2006 Audio Emerges of Hillary Clinton Proposing Rigging Palestine Election,"On September 5, 2006, Eli Chomsky was an editor and staff writer for the Jewish Press, and Hillary Clinton was running for a shoo-in re-election as a U.S. senator. Her trip making the rounds of editorial boards brought her to Brooklyn to meet the editorial board of the Jewish Press.

The tape was never released and has only been heard by the small handful of Jewish Press staffers in the room. According to Chomsky, his old-school audiocassette is the only existent copy and no one has heard it since 2006, until today when he played it for the Observer.

The tape is 45 minutes and contains much that is no longer relevant, such as analysis of the re-election battle that Sen. Joe Lieberman was then facing in Connecticut. But a seemingly throwaway remark about elections in areas controlled by the Palestinian Authority has taken on new relevance amid persistent accusations in the presidential campaign by Clintons Republican opponent Donald Trump that the current election is rigged.

Speaking to the Jewish Press about the January 25, 2006, election for the second Palestinian Legislative Council (the legislature of thePalestinian National Authority), Clinton weighed in about the result, which was a resounding victory for Hamas (74 seats) over the U.S.-preferred Fatah (45 seats).

I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake, said Sen. Clinton. And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win.

Chomsky recalls being taken aback that anyone could support the ideaoffered by a national political leader, no lessthat the U.S. should be in the business of fixing foreign elections.

Some eyebrows were also raised when then-Senator Clinton appeared to make a questionable moral equivalency.

Regarding capturing combatants in warthe June capture of IDF soldier Gilad Shalit by Hamas militants who came across the Gaza border via an underground tunnel was very much front of mindClinton can be heard on the tape saying, And then, when, you know, Hamas, you know, sent the terrorists, you know, through the tunnel into Israel that killed and captured, you know, kidnapped the young Israeli soldier, you know, theres a sense of like, one-upsmanship, and in these cultures of, you know, well, if they captured a soldier, weve got to capture a soldier.

Equating Hamas, which to this day remains on the State Departments official list of Foreign Terrorist Organizations, with the armed forces of a close American ally was not what many expected to hear in the Jewish Press editorial offices, which were then at Third Avenue and Third Street in Brooklyn. (The papers office has since moved to the Boro Park section of Brooklyn.) The use of the phrase these cultures is also a bit of a head-scratcher.

According to Chomsky, Clinton was gracious,personable and pleasant throughout the interview, taking about an hour to speak to, in addition to himself, managing editor Jerry Greenwald, assistant to the publisher Naomi Klass Mauer, counsel Dennis Rapps and senior editor Jason Maoz.

Another part of the tape highlights something that was relatively uncontroversial at the time but has taken on new meaning in light of the current campaignspeaking to leaders with whom our country is not on the best terms. Clinton has presented a very tough front in discussing Russia, for example, accusing Trump of unseemly ardor for strongman Vladimir Putin and mocking his oft-stated prediction that as president hed get along with Putin.

Chomsky is heard on the tape asking Clinton what now seems like a prescient question about Syria, given the disaster unfolding there and its looming threat to drag the U.S., Iran and Russia into confrontation.

Do you think its worth talking to Syriaboth from the U.S. point [of view] and Israels point [of view]?

Clinton replied, You know, Im pretty much of the mind that I dont see what it hurts to talk to people. As long as youre not stupid and giving things away. I mean, we talked to the Soviet Union for 40 years. They invaded Hungary, they invaded Czechoslovakia, they persecuted the Jews, they invaded Afghanistan, they destabilized governments, they put missiles 90 miles from our shores, we never stopped talking to them, an answer that reflects her mastery of the facts but also reflects a willingness to talk to Russia that sounds more like Trump 2016 than Clinton 2016.

Shortly after, she said, But if you say, theyre evil, were good, [and] were never dealing with them, I think you give up a lot of the tools that you need to have in order to defeat themSo I would like to talk to you [the enemy] because I want to know more about you. Because if I want to defeat you, Ive got to know something more about you. I need different tools to use in my campaign against you. Thats my take on it.

A final bit of interest to the current campaign involves an articulation of phrases that Trump has accused Clinton of being reluctant to use. Discussing the need for a response to terrorism, Clinton said, I think you can make the case that whether you call it Islamic terrorism or Islamo-fascism, whatever the label is were going to give to this phenomenon, its a threat. Its a global threat. To Europe, to Israel, to the United StatesTherefore we need a global response. Its a global threat and it needs a global response. That can be the, sort of, statement of principleSo I think sometimes having the global vision is a help as long as you realize that underneath that global vision theres a lot of variety and differentiation that has to go on.

Its not clear what she means by a global vision with variety and differentiation, but whats quite clear is that the then-senator, just five years after her state was the epicenter of the September 11 attacks, was comfortable deploying the phrase Islamic terrorism and the even more strident Islamo-fascism, at least when meeting with the editorial board of a Jewish newspaper.

In an interview before the Observer heard the tape, Chomsky told the Observer that Clinton made some odd and controversial comments on the tape. The irony of a decade-old recording emerging to feature a candidate making comments that aresuddenly relevant to voters today was not lost on Chomsky, who wrote the original story at the time. Oddly enough, that story, headlined Hillary Clinton on Israel, Iraq and Terror, is no longer available on jewishpress.com and even a short summary published on the Free Republic site offers a broken link that can no longer surface the story.

I went to my bosses at the time, Chomsky told the Observer. The Jewish Press had this mindset that they would not want to say anything offensive about anybodyeven a direct quote from anyonein a position of influence because they might need them down the road. My bosses didnt think it was newsworthy at the time. I was convinced that it was and I held onto it all these years.

Disclosure: Donald Trump is the father-in-law of Jared Kushner, publisher of Observer Media.",1
3602,Authorities search for clues after raid thwarts potential 'Belgian Charlie Hebdo' attack,"Belgian authorities were searching for clues early Friday after police killed two in raids aimed at jihadists returning from Syria who were planning to launch a ""Belgian Charlie Hebdo"" attack, officials said.

Police were searching in Verviers, where the raid took place, and the greater Brussels area as part of a weeklong investigation that started well before the terrorism spree last week that led to 17 deaths in the Paris area. The Belgian operations had no apparent link to the terrorist acts committed in France.

And, unlike the Paris terrorists, who attacked the office of a satirical newspaper and a kosher grocery store, the suspects in Belgium were reportedly aiming at hard targets: police installations.

""They were on the verge of committing important terror attacks,"" federal magistrate Eric Van der Sypt said at a news conference in Brussels.

Across Europe, anxiety has grown as the manhunt continues for potential accomplices of the three Paris terrorists, all of whom were shot dead by French police. Authorities in Belgium signaled they were ready for more trouble by raising the national terror alert level from 2 to 3, the second-highest level.

Prime Minister Charles Michel said the increase in the threat level was ""a choice for prudence.""

""There is no concrete or specific knowledge of new elements of threat,"" he said.

The suspects in Verviers opened fire on police when they closed in on them near the city's train station, the magistrate told reporters. There was an intense firefight for several minutes. Video posted online showed a dark view of a building amid blasts, gunshots and sirens, and a fire with smoke billowing up. Two terror suspects were killed in the shootout, and another was arrested.

No police were wounded or killed in the clash, which occurred at the height of rush hour in a crowded neighborhood of this former industrial town of 56,000 about 80 miles southeast of the capital, Brussels.

Belgian news site L'Avenir, as well as Le Soir and France24, reported late Thursday that the government prosecutor's office said a dozen operations were launched against suspects across Belgium, in Verviers, Brussels and Hal-Vilvoorde. Some of those targeted are known to have returned recently from Syria.

The Belgian news site reported that, based on phone intercepts in the homes and cars of the three individuals involved in a shootout in Verviers, authorities believed the three were in the process of carrying out imminent attacks inside Belgium.

The French daily Le Soir is reporting that the investigations were launched against the Verviers suspects at least two weeks ago after they returned from Syria where they were thought to be involved in the fighting there.

The raids earlier Thursday included one on an apartment above a bakery in the eastern city of Verviers, authorities said. Authorities said the terror cell had ties to ISIS and was planning a major attack.

Earlier Thursday, Belgian authorities said they were looking into possible links between a man they arrested in the southern city of Charleroi for illegal trade in weapons and Amedy Coulibaly, who killed four people in a Paris kosher market last week.

The man arrested in Belgium ""claims that he wanted to buy a car from the wife of Coulibaly,"" Van der Sypt said. ""At this moment this is the only link between what happened in Paris.""

Van der Sypt said that ""of course, naturally"" we are continuing the investigation.

At first, the man came to police himself claiming there had been contact with Coulibaly's common-law wife regarding the car, but he was arrested following a search of his premises when indications of illegal weapons trading were found.

A Belgian connection figured in a 2010 French criminal investigation into a foiled terrorist plot in which Coulibaly was one of the convicted co-conspirators. The plotters included a Brussels-area contact who was supposed to furnish both weapons and ammunition, according to French judicial documents obtained by The Associated Press.

Several other countries are also involved in the hunt for possible accomplices to Coulibaly and the other gunmen in the French attacks, brothers Cherif and Said Kouachi.

In Spain, authorities said Coulibaly drove his common-law wife from France to Madrid on Dec. 31 and was with her until she took a Jan. 2 flight to Istanbul.

Spain's National Court said in a statement it was investigating what Coulibaly did in the country's capital with his wife, Hayat Boumeddiene, and a third person who wasn't identified but is suspected of helping Boumeddiene get from Turkey to Syria.

France is on edge since last week's attacks, which began at the satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo. The paper, repeatedly threatened for its caricatures of the Muslim Prophet Muhammad, buried several of its slain staff members Thursday even as it reprinted another weekly issue with Muhammad on its cover.

Also, defense officials said France was under an unprecedented cyber assault with 19,000 cyberattacks launched after the country's bloodiest terrorist attacks in decades, frustrating authorities as they try to thwart repeat violence.

Around 120,000 security forces are deployed to prevent future attacks.

Calling it an unprecedented surge, Adm. Arnaud Coustilliere, head of cyberdefense for the French military, said about 19,000 French websites had faced cyberattacks in recent days, some carried out by well-known Islamic hacker groups.

The attacks, mostly relatively minor denial-of-service attacks, hit sites as varied as military regiments to pizza shops but none appeared to have caused serious damage, he said. Military authorities launched round-the-clock surveillance to protect the government sites still coming under attack.

The Kouachi brothers claimed allegiance to Al Qaeda in Yemen, and Coulibaly to the Islamic State group.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
384,Debate Goals for the Democratic Candidates,Five candidates will be on stage Tuesday at the first Democratic presidential debate of the 2016 race in Las Vegas. Heres what each needs to do to come away in a better position at the end of the evening:,1
4492,'Spinning up as we speak': Email shows Pentagon was ready to roll as Benghazi attack occurred,"As the attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi was unfolding, a high-ranking Pentagon official urgently messaged Secretary of State Hillary Clintons top deputies to offer military help, according to an email obtained by Judicial Watch.

The revelation appears to contradict testimony Defense Secretary Leon Panetta gave lawmakers in 2013, when he said there was no time to get forces to the scene in Libya, where four Americans were killed, including U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens.

I just tried you on the phone but you were all in with S [apparent reference to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton], reads the email, from Panettas chief of staff Jeremy Bash. After consulting with General Dempsey, General Ham and the Joint Staff, we have identified the forces that could move to Benghazi. They are spinning up as we speak.

The email was sent out at 7:19 p.m. ET on Sept. 11, 2012, in the early stages of the eight-hour siege that also claimed the lives of Foreign Service Information Management Officer Sean Smith and two former Navy SEALs, Ty Woods and Glen Doherty, private CIA contractors who raced to the aid of embattled State Department workers.

Although the email came after the first wave of the attack at the consulate, it occurred before a mortar strike on the CIA annex killed Woods and Doherty.

This leaves no doubt military assets were offered and ready to go, and awaiting State Department signoff, which did not come, Judicial Watch, a nonprofit government watchdog said in a statement.

Parts of the email from Bash were redacted before release, including details on what military forces were available.

In defending the Obama administrations lack of a military response to the attack, Panetta told the Senate Armed Services Committee nearly two years ago that time, distance, the lack of an adequate warning, events that moved very quickly on the ground prevented a more immediate response.

The first assault occurred at the consulate at 3:40 p.m. ET. The second attack on the CIA annex a little over a mile away began three hours later. Bashs email was sent approximately 40 minutes after that attack began.

Bashs email, which bore the subject line Libya, was sent to Clintons then-deputy chief of staff Jacob Sullivan, Deputy Secretary of State for Political Affairs Wendy Sherman and Deputy Secretary of State for Management and Resources Thomas Nides.

The attack came in three waves at two locations. It began when a handful of attackers scaled the wall of the diplomatic post at dusk and opened a gate, allowing dozens of armed men inside who then set the building on fire. Stevens and Smith died after breathing in smoke while hiding in a safe room, and later died.

Hours later, a nearby CIA annex was attacked twice. Woods and Doherty died there while defending the annex from the rooftop. A team of six security officials summoned from Tripoli and a Libyan military unit helped evacuate the remaining U.S. personnel who were taken to an airport and flown out of Benghazi.

The Obama administration later falsely claimed that the attack was triggered by an Internet video that insulted Islam.

Lawmakers investigating the events surrounding Benghazi already had acquired the e-mail, along with tens of thousands of others related to the probe, according to Matt Wolking, spokesman for the House Select Committee on Benghazi.

The Select Committee has obtained and reviewed tens of thousands of documents in the course of its thorough, fact-centered investigation into the Benghazi terrorist attacks, and this information will be detailed in the final report the Committee hopes to release within the next few months,"" Wolking told FoxNews.com. ""While the Committee does not rush to release or comment on every document it uncovers, I can confirm that we obtained the unredacted version of this email last year, in addition to Jake Sullivans response.""",1
2432,A Case Study On Why The Obamacare Lawsuit Is Based On Mythical History,"The Bentley administration, the Alabama legislature and the governors Alabama Health Insurance Exchange Study Commission weighed many of the same issues their counterparts in other states did. How would they finance the exchange's operations? Should a state agency or some other entity manage a new marketplace? How heavily should insurance companies be regulated? Would it better for Alabama to exert at least a little control over Obamacare, or to just let the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services do the work?

If that was the case four years ago, no one told Alabama state Sen. Jim McClendon (R), a native English speaker who co-chaired Bentleys commission while a member of the state House of Representatives, which unanimously passed a bill in April 2012 to establish an Alabama health insurance exchange.

 

 No. No. No. That was never, never brought up, McClendon said in an interview with The Huffington Post last month. I was unaware of that stipulation in the Affordable Care Act, and I would almost have to guess that anybody involved in this process was not aware of it. I was a little surprised when it came up eventually. Nope. I was the chairman of the commission and I was totally unaware of that.

Never. It was never discussed, said Carey, who also worked with Delaware and Tennessee on their exchanges at the time, when he was a subcontractor working for LMI, a Tysons, Virginia-based government contractor. It was never a consideration that they werent going to get subsidies if they deferred to the feds. I mean, I was there at every commission meeting and I was presenting, Here are your options, heres what I think it might cost you, and we did those type of calculations.""

I dont remember that coming up. I really dont. I really dont ever remember that ever being brought up as an issue... I dont ever remember anybody saying, Well, if we do this and let the feds do it, this is the trade-off down the road'... Im almost positive somebody wouldve brought it up... During the time, we didnt know that. After the commission, thats when all that stuff started coming out. We were like, Oh, wait a minute. That couldve really changed, obviously, the advice to the governor, because I dont think he wouldve even said were not going to do it if it was clear at that point in time, all the way back four, five years ago, that if you dont do this, heres the side effect. Because thats a huge trade-off.

Wren was the author of the health insurance exchange bill the state House passed in April 2012, and he championed a state-run marketplace until Bentleys final decision in December of that year to forgo a state exchange. Wren told HuffPost he still believes Alabama should have its own exchange.

 

 Wren claimed in an interview that he was aware, early on, of a provision in the law that would restrict subsidies to those who purchased coverage on state exchanges. But in a subsequent email, his account shifted. Wren first said that issue came to his attention in 2009, before Obamacare had even passed. In a subsequent email, he wrote that he had misspoken during the interview, and said he'd actually learned of this phrase in 2011.

 

 I believed at the time that for many reasons, including the possible favorable premium treatment to individuals purchasing from a state exchange, that Alabama should consider this over a federal, he wrote.



 Greg Wren, then a member of the Alabama House of Representatives, in 2011.

 

 There is little evidence to back Wren's claim that he was aware of the now-controversial provision in Obamacare during his states debate over whether to establish an exchange. The former legislator could not offer an explanation for why his version of events differs from those of McClendon and the others interviewed for this article, or why it isnt reflected in official documents or media accounts from the time.

 

 At this point I can only say is [sic] I remembered back as best I could, he wrote in an email.

Wren also acknowledged that he has no documentation from 2010 through 2012 to support his assertions that he understood the phrase established by the state could mean that subsidies wouldnt be available in federal exchanges. The Alabama legislature does not transcribe floor or committee proceedings, so no official record exists of the debate on Wrens bill.

 

 Wren was often quoted in the local and national press speaking about the advantages of state-run health insurance exchanges in 2011 and 2012, but HuffPost couldnt find any articles that cited him saying the subsidies wouldnt be available in federal exchanges.",1
2916,Iran letter blowback startles GOP,The Manhattan billionaire made the announcement on Twitter and said he will hold a formal press conference to discuss it further on Dec. 15.,1
4713,Donald Trump's GOP civil war,"Panama City, Florida (CNN) Donald Trump is tearing the Grand Old Party apart.

The tension that has simmered in the Republican Party for years -- shutting down the government and nearly bringing the nation to default -- escalated into an outright civil war Tuesday. The conflict not only threatens the party's ability to make any realistic attempt at reclaiming the White House next month, but also previews the conflicts and divides that could consume the GOP for years to come if Trump loses.

On one side is Trump, who spent much of Tuesday lashing out on social media at his GOP foes, such as Speaker Paul Ryan and Sen. John McCain, and lamenting the lack of party unity. He's backed by conservative lawmakers including Iowa Rep. Steve King and the throngs of loyal supporters who attend his rallies, including the one here in Panama City, Florida, Tuesday, where he renewed his call for a government investigation into his opponent, Hillary Clinton.

Some are even raising the potential of denying Ryan the speakership after the election.

On the other side is Ryan, who is devoting the full resources of his stature to maintaining a congressional majority. That dominance of Capitol Hill is suddenly threatened -- and not just in the Senate, where there are many competitive races, but also in the House, where the GOP majority was considered untouchable until recently.

The infighting -- sparked by the release Friday of a 2005 video depicting Trump describing women in vulgar and sexually aggressive terms -- isn't likely to ease in the 27 days before Election Day. Trump made clear Tuesday that if he loses in November, he won't go down quietly -- or alone.

He began the day with a series of shots -- taken over Twitter -- at Ryan, saying it's hard to do well when the speaker isn't supportive. He followed up about an hour later calling Ryan a ""weak and ineffective leader.""

And nearly two hours after that, Trump posed his most explosive tweet of the day.

'Shackles have been taken off me'

Trump continued his attacks on Ryan Wednesday during a rally in central Florida, where he said he's at a disadvantage when ""you have leadership not putting their weight behind the people.""

He also complained about getting no credit from party leaders for his Sunday night debate performance.

""Wouldn't you think Paul Ryan would call and say good job?"" he said. ""It got just about the largest audience for a second night debate in the history of the country. You'd think they'd say great going, Don, let's beat this crook. No, he doesn't.""

Trump's turn on his own party may seem counterproductive -- it hardly allows him to improve his chances of catching Clinton. But it does allow him the satisfaction of vengeance against party leaders he believes have never treated him fairly since his stunning outsider campaign captured the nomination earlier this year.

And by blaming Republican leaders for their failure to wholeheartedly endorse his campaign, Trump also opens up the possibility of a face-saving excuse if he crashes to defeat in November.

But the cost to the Republican Party of Trump's burn-it-down-around-him strategy is already high, could become more extreme and potentially leave the GOP badly damaged long after he has left the political scene.

To begin with, the estrangement between Trump and the party leaders is blowing open a gaping split between the party's grass roots and its establishment leaders that Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus and others worked so hard to bridge over the summer.

It is a divide that will be hard to overcome if Trump loses the election. Forging unity could be impossible if hordes of Trump voters blame party leaders for the defeat of a man who electrified the grass roots supporters in a way no other Republican has managed in decades.

King, the Iowa Republican congressman, warned Tuesday that a purge of party elites might be necessary, saying ""the establishment wing of the party could simply be amputated out in this effort that's going on right now.""

""They've gone so far out on this limb,"" King said on the Laura Ingraham radio show.

The meltdown in the GOP is the culmination of forces that have been building for years. Intense antipathy towards congressional leaders over their failure to more forcefully oppose President Barack Obama gave rise to the Tea Party and sent waves of anti-establishment lawmakers to Washington in successive elections.

Trump's adoption of a factually-challenged style of campaigning would have been impossible without the power of conservative media that has been building for decades and is now fused with the GOP presidential ticket through the role of Stephen Bannon, the head of Breitbart News, who serves as the CEO of the Trump campaign.

Trump's turn against his own party could also reverberate in down-ballot races. Republicans have long known that their hold on the Senate was tenuous -- whoever ran at the top of their ticket -- but Trump's slumping poll numbers now threaten to drag down vulnerable incumbents too.

At the very least, a Trump implosion that cuts deeply into Ryan's majority could complicate the Speaker's already tough task of corralling his volatile majority coalition. If an anti-Trump landslide sweeps away House GOP members in more moderate districts, it could hand more relative power to the ultra-conservative Freedom Caucus and give him the same kinds of fits that it imposed on John Boehner, his predecessor.

The dilemma is especially difficult for Republican senators running for re-election. Some are rejecting Trump because of revulsion at his remarks among more moderate voters. But at the same time, they risk alienating Trump supporters in states's where the former reality star racked up high margins in the primary race.

New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte fits into this category and her desperate effort to walk the fine line between condemning and embracing Trump during this election has become a symbol of the wider GOP conundrum. Ayotte finally said she could not vote for Trump after the video emerged on Friday.

But another star of the GOP, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, said Tuesday he's not yet ready to back away from Trump. Rubio looks certain to need Trump voters to maintain his narrow lead in his re-election race. But at the same time, if more explosive video emerges about Trump, Rubio, who has presidential ambitions in his future, risks being tarnished by association with the Republican nominee.

Another lawmaker in a tough re-election race who is hedging his bets is North Carolina GOP Sen. Richard Burr, who said that while Trump's comments were ""indefensible,"" he still plans to support him.

For her part, the turmoil consuming the GOP would seem to provide a substantial boost to Clinton's White House bid. An NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll released Tuesday found the Democratic nominee enjoying a 9-point lead among likely voters in a four-way race.

But her aides caution against excessive optimism. There's concern inside the campaign that an increasingly negative race -- which could only become darker in the days ahead -- could turn off voters and make them less likely to show up at the polls. In that instance, a lower turnout could create an advantage for Trump.

""This seems to be their strategy, disgust everyone with our democratic dialogue so that they won't come out to the polls,"" John Podesta, Clinton's campaign chairman, told reporters Tuesday. ""I think it is very unbecoming a presidential candidate.""

Clinton said as much herself during an interview with a Florida radio station Tuesday.

""Despite all of the terrible things (Trump) has said and done, he is still trying to win this election,"" she said. ""And we cannot be complacent, we cannot rest.""",1
4217,Laura Bush hints she'd rather see Hillary as president,"I want our next president  whoever he or she might be  to be somebody who is interested in women in Afghanistan and who will continue US policies that we continue to do what we're committed to do as a country, she said, as she appeared on stage alongside her twin daughters Jenna and Barbara.

That's who I want - or the kind of people that will do that and will pay attention to our history, and know what's what's happened before and know specifically how we can continue to do the good things that we do around the world.

 Donald Trump endorsed by Rudy Giuliani in boost ahead of New York primary

Many in the packed auditorium took her words as a coded criticism of Mr Trump, whose foreign policy plans have been condemned as isolationist and weak on detail.

His closest rival Ted Cruz has also made clear that the US has no role in Afghanistan other than fighting terrorism.

In contrast, Mrs Clinton was among those who offered a cover endorsement for Mrs Bush's Afghan book. For over a decade, Laura Bush has been an ally and advocate for the women of Afghanistan and, in particular, has worked to ensure that the voices of Afghan women are heard, she wrote.

The two women share a special bond as former first ladies and are of a similar age: both know the struggles of working their way up in a male-dominated world.",1
1770,"Scott Walker, Rick Perry show limits of super PACs","On this day in 1973, J. Fred Buzhardt, a lawyer defending President Richard Nixon in the Watergate case, revealed that a key White House tape had an 18...",1
3427,Is It Time To Reconsider Lifetime Appointments To The Supreme Court?,"Is It Time To Reconsider Lifetime Appointments To The Supreme Court?

The unexpected death of Justice Antonin Scalia and the looming face-off between the White House and the Senate over his replacement have revived proposals that would limit the tenure of U.S. Supreme Court justices.

Legal scholars from both political parties renewed a call Tuesday to reconsider how much time justices spend on the high court. Many of them cited, with disapproval, a bruising and protracted clash building between President Obama and the GOP-controlled Senate over when and how to fill Scalia's vacancy.

""The point of life tenure is to keep justices insulated from politics,"" said George Washington University law professor Orin Kerr. ""That didn't quite pan out.""

For years now, lawyers have been floating proposals that future high-court justices spend no more than 18 years at a time on the Supreme Court bench. The plan would space out appointments, so presidents would make appointments every two years, supporters said. That would bring regular turnover and fresh thinking to the court  and align with the longer life spans of Americans since the nation's founding, they argue.

""It just sounds undemocratic,"" said Gabe Roth, executive director of an advocacy group called Fix the Court, about the lifetime court appointments. ""There's definitely concern about the justices being out of touch. There have been a number of cases with modern technology, whether it be smartphones or bulk data collection or different types of ways of getting TV over the airwaves or over the Internet.""

Thomas Merrill, a law professor at Columbia University and a former deputy U.S. solicitor general (1987-1990), said he's been ""a little bit skeptical"" of the idea of term limits for Supreme Court justices. But, Merrill said, his thinking has evolved.

""My current cautious endorsement of this is based on the perception that the whole issue of appointments to the Supreme Court has become incredibly contentious, partisan, political, almost to the point where the political system freezes up, as we're witnessing right now with the Scalia death,"" Merrill said. ""It would be a good thing not to have the type of Armageddon it looks like we're about to have.""

Term-limit supporters point to a 2015 poll by Reuters/Ipsos, after high-profile rulings on Obama's health care legislation and same-sex marriage, that suggested two-thirds of respondents would support a 10-year limit on tenure on the Supreme Court.

But actually changing the system could be remarkably difficult for a political system that's already near paralysis. Some lawyers said the change could be made by lawmakers, but others have concluded it would require amending the Constitution. To do that, the House and Senate would need to vote their support, and then three-quarters of the states would have to approve. Another path would be for two-thirds of the states to call for a Constitutional Convention.

""Not likely, but possible,"" Kerr of George Washington University said. ""We'll see how this year goes. It may become unbearable with the president and the Senate duking it out every day.""",1
658,"Clinton has delegates to win Dem nomination, AP reports; Sanders questions tally","Hillary Clinton has earned enough delegates to clinch the Democratic presidential nomination, according to an Associated Press count released Monday night  an assessment swiftly challenged by primary rival Bernie Sanders and his campaign.

The AP released its updated tally, showing the former secretary of state winning enough delegates to become the first woman to top a major partys presidential ticket, on the eve of the last major day of primary voting.

The AP said Clinton reached the 2,383 delegates needed to become the presumptive Democratic nominee with a weekend victory in Puerto Rico and late burst of support from superdelegates. Those are party officials and officeholders, many of them eager to wrap up the primary, free to support whichever candidate they want.

""We really need to bring a close to this primary process and get on to defeating Donald Trump,"" said Nancy Worley, a superdelegate who chairs Alabama's Democratic Party and provided one of the last endorsements to put Clinton over the top.

""It's time to stand behind our presumptive candidate,"" said Michael Brown, one of two superdelegates from the District of Columbia who came forward in the past week to back Clinton before the city's June 14 primary. ""We shouldn't be acting like we are undecided when the people of America have spoken.""



Clinton touted the news at a Long Beach, Calif., campaign event, saying the campaign is now on the brink of a historic  unprecedented moment. But even she stressed that six states are yet to vote on Tuesday and urged supporters to cast their ballots for her in those contests.

The six states to vote Tuesday include New Jersey, North Dakota, New Mexico, Montana, California, and South Dakota.

Campaign manager Robby Mook said in a statement: This is an important milestone, but there are six states that are voting Tuesday, with millions of people heading to the polls, and Hillary Clinton is working to earn every vote. We look forward toTuesdaynight, when Hillary Clinton will clinch not only a win in the popular vote, but also the majority of pledged delegates.""

The Sanders campaign rejected the declaration that Clinton had clinched the party nod, citing its longstanding position that the superdelegates should not count until they actually vote at the convention  as they are free to switch sides before then.

""There is nothing to concede,"" Sanders told KTVU late Monday at a rally in San Francisco. ""Secretary Clinton will not have the requisite number of pledged delegates to win the Democratic nomination. She will be dependent on superdelegates. They vote on July 25th so right now our goal right at this moment [is to] do everything we can to win the primary tomorrow.""

Sanders spokesman Michael Briggs accused the media of a rush to judgement"" and ""ignoring the Democratic National Committees clear statement that it is wrong to count the votes of superdelegates before they actually vote at the convention this summer.""

""Our job from now until the convention is to convince those superdelegates that Bernie is by far the strongest candidate against Donald Trump,"" Briggs said.

On Monday, Sanders' supporters expressed disappointment that the calls were made before California's primary and urged the senator to continue on despite the pronouncements. ""We're going to keep fighting until the last vote is counted,"" said Kristen Elliott, a Sanders' supporter from San Francisco who attended the rally.

Said another attendee, Patrick Bryant of San Francisco: ""It's what bookies do. They call fights before they're over.""

House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi endorsed Clinton during an interview on Good Morning America before her home states primary.

""I'm a voter in California and I have voted for Hillary Clinton for president of the United States and proud to endorse her for that position,"" Pelosi said, though adding ""it's not over until it's over.""

Clinton has won 1,812 pledged delegates in primaries and caucuses. She also has the support of 571 superdelegates, according to an Associated Press count. The AP surveyed all 714 superdelegates repeatedly in the past seven months, and only 95 remain publicly uncommitted.

All the superdelegates counted in Clinton's tally have unequivocally told the AP they will back her at the convention and not change their vote.Since the start of the AP's survey in late 2015, no superdelegates have switched from supporting Clinton to backing Sanders.

Clintons presumptive victory Monday came nearly eight years to the day after she conceded her first White House campaign to Barack Obama. Back then, she famously noted her inability to ""shatter that highest, hardest glass ceiling.""

Campaigning this time as the loyal successor to Obama, Clinton fended off a surprisingly strong challenge from Vermont Sen. Sanders. He mobilized millions with a fervently liberal message and his insurgent candidacy revealed a deep level of national frustration with politics-as-usual, even among Democrats who have controlled the White House since 2009.

Clinton outpaced Sanders in winning new superdelegate endorsements even after his string of primary and caucus wins in May. Following the results in Puerto Rico, it is no longer possible for Sanders to reach the 2,383 needed to win the nomination based on the remaining available pledged delegates and uncommitted superdelegates, according to the AP.

Clinton leads Sanders by more than 3 million cast votes, by 291 pledged delegates and by 523 superdelegates. She also won 29 caucuses and primaries compared to his 21 victories.

Echoing the sentiments of California Gov. Jerry Brown, who overcame a decades-long rivalry with the Clinton family to endorse her last week, many superdelegates expressed a desire to close ranks around a nominee who could defeat Trump in November.

Beyond winning over millions of Sanders supporters who vow to remain loyal to the self-described democratic socialist, Clinton faces challenges as she turns toward November, including criticism of her decision to use a private email server run from her New York home while serving as secretary of state. Her deep unpopularity among Republicans has pushed many leery of Trump to nevertheless embrace his campaign.

""This to me is about saving the country and preventing a third progressive, liberal term, which is what a Clinton presidency would do,"" House Speaker Paul Ryan told the AP last week after he finally endorsed Trump, weeks after the New Yorker clinched the GOP nomination.

Yet Clinton showed no signs of limping into the general election as she approached the milestone, leaving Sanders behind and focusing on lacerating Trump. She said electing the billionaire businessman, who has spent months hitting her and her husband with bitingly personal attacks, would be a ""historic mistake.""

""He is not just unprepared. He is temperamentally unfit to hold an office that requires knowledge, stability and immense responsibility,"" Clinton said last week in a speech that was striking in its forcefulness, previewing a brutal five-month general election campaign to come.

Even without the nomination, Sanders can claim ideological victory. His liberal positions pushed the issue of income inequality into the spotlight and drove Clinton to the left on issues such as trade, Wall Street and campaign finance reform.

But she prevailed, in part, by claiming much of the coalition that boosted Obama. She won overwhelming support from women and minorities, catapulting her to decisive victories in diverse, delegate-rich states such as New York and Texas.

When Clinton launched her campaign last April, she did so largely unopposed, having scared off more formidable challengers by locking down much of the party's organizational and fundraising infrastructure. Vice President Joe Biden, seen as her most threatening rival, opted not to run in October.

Of the four opponents who did take her on, Sanders was the only one who emerged to provide a serious challenge. He caught fire among young voters and independents, his campaign gaining momentum from a narrow loss in Iowa in February and a commanding victory in New Hampshire. His ability to raise vast sums of money online gave him the resources to continue into the spring.

But Clinton vowed not to repeat the failings of her 2008 campaign and focused early on winning delegates, hiring help from Obama's old team before launching her campaign. They pushed superdelegates into making early commitments and held campaign appearances in areas where they could win the most pledged delegates.

Her victory in Nevada in late February diminished concerns from allies about her campaign operation. Decisive wins in Southern states on Super Tuesday and a sweep of March 15 contests gave her a significant delegate lead, which became insurmountable by the end of April after big victories in New York and in the Northeast.

She now moves on to face Trump, whose ascent to the top of the Republican Party few expected. The brash real estate mogul and reality TV star has long since turned his attention from primary foes to Clinton, debuting a nickname  ""Crooked Hillary""  and arguing she belongs in jail for her email setup.

After a long primary campaign, Clinton said this past weekend in California she was ready to accept his challenge.

""We're judged by our words and our deeds, not our race, not our ethnicity, not our religion,"" she said Saturday in Oxnard. ""So it is time to judge Donald Trump by his words and his deeds. And I believe that his words and his deeds disqualify him from being president of the United States.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4865,"Trump says Obama born in US, period  after new birther dust-up","Donald Trump tried to tamp down a newly revived campaign dust-up Friday over his views on President Obamas birthplace, declaring the president was born in the United States  period  after declining to make that statement earlier this week.

The Republican presidential nominee also tried to blame Hillary Clinton for starting the controversy back in 2008, which her team denies. He cast his remarks as a bid to put the issue to rest once and for all, at a time when his poll numbers are rising.

Hillary Clinton and her campaign of 2008 started the birther controversy. I finished it, Trump said in Washington, D.C. President Barack Obama was born in the United States, period. Now we all want to get back to making America strong and great again.

He spoke at his new Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C., a visit that began with lengthy remarks from military supporters and veterans. He briefly addressed the birther issue at the end.

The statement comes after Trumps response on the matter in an interview Wednesday revived the issue. In the interview withThe Washington Post, Trump was asked whether he believed Obama was born in the U.S. ""I'll answer that question at the right time,"" Trump told the paper. ""I just don't want to answer it yet.""

Trumps campaign spokesman, trying to calm the waters, said overnight the Republican candidate now believes Obama was born in the U.S. Campaign spokesman Jason Miller said Trump ""did a great service to the country"" by bringing closure to the debate.

""In 2011, Mr. Trump was finally able to bring this ugly incident to its conclusion by successfully compelling President Obama to release his birth certificate,"" Miller said.

But the Clinton campaign seized on Trumps reluctance to address the issue in his Post interview.

Speaking shortly before Trump across town at the Black Women's Agenda Symposium, Clinton said Friday the Republican nominee was feeding into the bigotry and bias that lurks in our country  and should apologize.

Barack Obama was born in America, she said. Donald Trump owes him and the American people an apology.

Her campaign called his Friday comments ""disgraceful.""

The dust-up comes as Trump gains on Clinton in national and battleground state polls, even surpassing her in some states.

A new Fox News poll shows Clinton topping Trump by just one point among likely voters in the four-way ballot nationally.

In the head-to-head matchup, Trumps up by one point.

Both candidates were fundraising Friday after events in Washington. Clinton has endured a rough week on the campaign trail, after criticizing some Trump supporters last Friday as ""deplorables"" and then having to take time off from the campaign due to a bout of pnemonia.

She used the birther issue to try and go back on offense.

While Obama was born in Hawaii, Trump several years ago was a key figure in stoking the so-called ""birther"" controversy. Critics saw it as an attempt to delegitimize the nations first black president.

Trump has said repeatedly during the campaign that he no longer talks about the ""birther"" issue.

The Trump campaigns statement late Thursday claimed that Clinton launched the birther movement during her unsuccessful primary run against Obama in 2008.

""Hillary Clinton's campaign first raised this issue to smear then-candidate Barack Obama in her very nasty, failed 2008 campaign for President,"" the statement said. ""This type of vicious and conniving behavior is straight from the Clinton Playbook. As usual, however, Hillary Clinton was too weak to get an answer.""

Clinton has long denied the claim, and fact-checkers previously have found no public evidence that she or her campaign directly pushed the issue. Rather, Trumps comments appear to refer to reports that Clinton supporters circulated an email during the bitter 2008 primary race questioning Obamas citizenship.

Yet former McClatchy D.C. bureau chief James Asher said on Twitter Friday that Clinton confidant Sidney Blumenthal in fact told me in person that Obama was born in Kenya.

Obama had released a standard short form of his birth certificate before the 2008 presidential election. Anyone who wants a copy of the more detailed, long-form document must submit a waiver request, and have that request approved by Hawaii's health department.

In 2011, amid persistent questions from Trump about his birthplace, Obama submitted a waiver request. He dispatched his personal lawyer to Hawaii to pick up copies and carry the documents back to Washington on a plane.

The form said Obama was born at 7:24 p.m. on Aug. 4, 1961, at Kapiolani Maternity and Gynecological Hospital in Honolulu. It is signed by the delivery doctor, Obama's mother and the local registrar.

At the White House on Friday, Obama declined to comment at length on the issue, saying hes got other business to attend to  and is confident about where he was born.

Fox News Nicholas Kalman and Tamara Gitt and the Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4031,"MH370: If debris is part of missing plane, what's next?","(CNN) If confirmed to be from missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, could a small portion of plane wing discovered on an Indian Ocean island be the clue investigators need to unlock one of aviation's biggest mysteries?

On the surface, the discovery on a Reunion Island beach is just what investigators have been waiting for -- the first physical piece of evidence since the flight vanished en route to Beijing in March 2014 with 239 people aboard.

According to a source close to the investigation, Boeing investigators are confident the debris comes from a 777 aircraft -- although no one is yet saying the part came from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370.

""It's only a very small part of the aircraft, but it could be a very important piece of evidence,"" Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said Friday

Because Reunion Island is a French territory, the debris has been flown to France, where aviation safety bureau the BEA has taken responsibility for its testing and analysis.

The flaperon arrived in Toulouse over the weekend, but the fact that so many different countries and groups are involved in the search for the missing flight has complicated and delayed the situation somewhat.

Aviation experts are not expected to begin examining the part until Wednesday, and it is unclear how long their analysis will take.

Teams from each of the nations taking part in the search are expected to attend. Malaysia Airlines is sending investigators to France and a second team to Reunion, an airline official said.

Mary Schiavo, a CNN aviation analyst and former inspector general of the U.S. Department of Transportation, said those involved would be careful to make sure all tests were carried out scientifically, and completely by the book.

She said that while ""everyone knows that it most likely is from MH370,"" investigators do not want to jump to conclusions.

""They're going to do a lot of analysis on the part, everything from X-rays to sonograms,"" Schiavo said. ""Then when they finally cut it open (looking for serial numbers and part numbers), it has to be filmed, all the parties to the investigation -- there are seven nations in this investigation -- they all need to be present.""

David Gallo, of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, agreed: ""That's the way the BEA -- the French version of the NTSB -- works; they will be very careful about what they say and don't say.

""It's going to be scientific. It's a piece of evidence in a criminal investigation at this point, so they're going to take it apart bit by bit.""

Planes are stamped with serial numbers to allow parts to be identified and matched to a specific model and aircraft.

A source close to the investigation said Boeing investigators feel confident the piece comes from a 777, based on photos that have been analyzed, and a stenciled number that corresponds to a 777 component.

Another source told CNN's Rene Marsh that Boeing engineers have seen a part number in photos. A parts supplier confirmed 10-60754-1133 is a part number on a seal associated with 777s.

Images of the debris also appear to match schematic drawings for the right-wing flaperon from a Boeing 777. A flaperon helps the pilot control the aircraft.

""If the part numbers that are stamped on the pieces of the plane still survive, it literally could be a phone call to Boeing or the parts indices to see if it belongs to a 777. And if it belongs to a 777, it is MH370,"" said Schiavo.

Of the five accidents involving Boeing 777s, MH370 is the only one in which debris hasn't been recovered, Schiavo said.

If the identifying numbers are missing, more tests will need to be conducted on the part to determine its origin.

A French laboratory that the BEA could use has the capacity to ""identify very quickly"" which plane the debris belongs to, and what happened to it, a source close to the French investigation said.

Australian investigators, heavily involved for some time in the search, said they are looking at the barnacles attached to the discovered part that could allow marine biologists to tell how long it has been floating.

Truss said that he understood ""the photographs that are available are of such detail that it may be possible to make an identification without further physical examination.""

What does the condition of the debris indicate?

Through the French laboratory near Toulouse, ""engineers would be able to identify quickly whether the plane exploded in the air or whether it broke when hitting the water,"" the source close to the French investigation said.

Images of the component appear to show a small amount of damage to the front of the flaperon and a ragged horizontal tear across the back.

One group of independent observers has said that the damage to the flaperon should give authorities a good indication that the piece came off while the plane was still in the air.

The rear damage could have been caused if the airliner had its flaperon down as it went into the ocean, some members of the group, led by American Mobile Satellite Corp. co-founder Mike Exner, wrote in a preliminary assessment.

But the lack of damage to the front makes it more likely the plane was in a high-speed, steep, spiral descent and the part fluttered until it broke off, the group said.

If the flaperon were still on the wing when the plane hit water, the front would have been damaged by hitting the part of the wing to which it was attached, the group says.

However, Tom Ballantyne of Orient Aviation magazine said the condition of debris could indicate if the plane met a catastrophic end. Charring, for example, could indicate an explosion, he said.

Sciavo said investigators would be on the look out for tell-tale signs of what caused the crash: ""It's possible to find positive evidence of a criminal act, or, of course they could find the absence of that.

""If they find characteristic pitting in the wing structure, in the metal or the composite, that indicates there was some sort of explosive device, or if they find residue, which is not likely (after) this long in he ocean,"" she said.

""But they'll probably not be able to tell why the plane went down -- only that it did, and the manner in which it did.""

To learn more, the flight data recorders -- or so-called black boxes -- will be crucial.

If it is from MH370, will the main search area move?

Truss told a press conference Friday that the discovery of the debris in Reunion was ""consistent with some of the modeling we've done.""

""We remain confident that we're searching in the right place,"" he said.

He said authorities would ""continue to concentrate our efforts on seeking to locate the aircraft in the identified area.""

The current search is focused deep in the ocean off Western Australia, along an arc considered by investigators to be the most likely area the plane went down if it turned back toward Malaysia, as indicated by data, and stayed in the air before running out of fuel.

The southern end of the search area was the main focus, Truss said, but during the winter months weather conditions at that latitude were poor.

Once that search was completed, he said, searchers would focus efforts on a second identified area of interest.

If it's part of the plane, is it more likely the main section will be found?

Truss said that if the flaperon is proven to be from MH370, its discovery did not ""provide a great deal of help in specifically identifying where the aircraft is.""

If confirmed, however, the find is likely to give investigators further belief that other pieces of the plane have been carried by currents to the same region.

Will debris lead to a rethinking of past theories?

Thomas said, if anything, the location of the potential debris confirms modeling from the University of Western Australia that showed material from the plane could wash up around Reunion between 12 to 24 months after the plane's disappearance.

Despite the modeling, no one had been searching in that area, he said, because of the vast nature of the Indian Ocean and the multitude of factors that meant finding anything would be matter of luck and time.

""It was a matter of waiting for something to wash up,"" he said.

However, Truss said, a positive identification with MH370 would rule out the some of the more left-field theories that the aircraft was ""secretly parked in some hidden place"" on land.",1
2586,Israel stole classified US information and used it to help congressional Republicans,"TheWall Street Journal's Adam Entous dropped a huge story Tuesday morning: Israel acquired classified US information while spying on the Iranian nuclear negotiations, and leaked the stolen information about the emerging deal to American lawmakers in an attempt to sabotage the Obama administration's outreach to Tehran.

This isyet another disaster for US-Israel relations. But that's not because Israel acquired classified US information, which honestly isn't that surprising. What's really outrageous is that Israel used the information in a deliberate attempt to manipulate American politics.

No one should be shocked that Israel was spying on the talks. A certain degree of espionage is pretty par for the course in world politics, even among allies. Indeed, as Entous' story repeatedly makes clear, American officials expected Israel to snoop on them. In fact, according to Entous, the US found out about the Israeli spying because it was already spying on Israel:

But there is a real scandal here, and that's Israel using stolen intelligence as part of a deliberate campaign of messing around with American partisan politics. That's why the White House is angry: ""It is one thing for the U.S. and Israel to spy on each other. It is another thing for Israel to steal U.S. secrets and play them back to U.S. legislators to undermine U.S. diplomacy,"" a senior US official told Entous.

If Entous' reporting is correct, the Israeli government used the leaked information to help Republicans build support for new sanctions among Democrats, which would be necessary to overcome Obama's veto.Israel was using stolen information to help Mitch McConnell and John Boehner foment a Democratic rebellion against the president.

This is the same reasonIsraeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's speech to Congress about Iran infuriated so many Democrats this month. The problem wasn't that Netanyahu was invited to Congress; it's that the speech was coordinated with Republicans behind the president's back in a deliberate attempt to undermine his Iran policy.



The spying/briefing allegations suggest the speech was part of a much broader campaign to help Republicans pass new sanctions, a particularly dangerous move by Netanyahu at a time when Israel isat risk of becoming a partisan issue in America.

Allies really aren't supposed to do this sort of thing. Playing partisan domestic politics  and doing it with classified information, no less  positions Israel as the Republican Party's ally, not America's.The fact that Republican interests line up with Israel's in this case doesn't justify crossing these lines.

None of this is to say the Netanyahu government has to just sit down and accept an American Iran policy it opposes. It's perfectly within bounds for Netanyahu to publicly oppose the ongoing negotiations in which international powers are seeking to limit Iran's nuclear capabilities in exchange for relief on its crippling economic sanctions. It's fine for Netanyahu to lobby the French, who havean important role in the negotiations, to push for more stringent limits on Iran's nuclear program. That's all normal international politics.",1
4045,"""America has a simple ideology"": how one of Russia's top US experts explains America","The United States comes up constantly when you talk to Russians about their country's place in the world. But the conversations tend to go a lot differently than many Americans might expect.

In the US, the common view is that Russians feel aggrieved by the loss of the Soviet Union and all the respect that came with being a global superpower. Russia's acts of aggression in Europe, in this telling, are all about challenging the American-led order as a way to prove Russia's might and importance. This aggression is wildly popular among Russians, many Americans believe, because it makes them feel patriotic and powerful to bully the West, and particularly the US, which they blame for Russia's problems.

""Russia took off its ideological blinders in 1991, but America still seems to have them on""

There is certainly truth to this, but it's just a piece of the truth. Rather, when you speak to influential people across institutions and the political spectrum in Russia, as Amanda Taub and I did during a recent reporting trip there, the story you hear over and over is one of Russia's fundamental weakness. And you hear a preoccupation with the United States that goes far beyond what even many Americans, who are famously narcissistic about our country, would expect.

In this telling, Moscow capitulated at the end of the Cold War, and even tried to make itself a friend to the far more powerful United States. But an irrationally aggressive America has instead sought repeatedly to weaken, control, or even destroy Russia. Their country, in this view, is insecure against an overwhelmingly powerful West. Its actions that we see as aggressive are actually defensive. And Moscow is kept safe only by careful vigilance and by the nuclear arsenal that you hear Russians cite over and over.

This is the version of history you hear in Russia from detached foreign policy pragmatists, from pro-Putin ideologues and anti-Putin ideologues, even from members of the pro-Western political opposition who support what they believe be to a Western agenda of weakening Russia.

There's a quote that speaks perfectly to this Russian worldview  and how Americans misunderstand it  in the most recent issue of Russia in Global Affairs, a Russian foreign policy journal that is widely considered to reflect the views of Russia's foreign policy establishment. The quote is from a Q&A with Vladimir Lukin, a prominent Russian diplomat and liberal politician who previously served as ambassador to the US:

Interviewer: In his 1994 book ""Diplomacy,"" Henry Kissinger writes that ""integrating Russia into the international system is a key task"" for the United States. But as he was saying this, the Americans were actually pushing Moscow away with their policy. Why? Vladimir Lukin: It is in the genes. America has a simple ideology  that there is only one truth in the world, that truth is held by God, and God created the United States to be an embodiment of that truth. So the Americans strive to bring this truth to the rest of the world and to make it happy. Only after that will everything be well. This ideology has a strong influence on their policy. A wise traditionalist and a geopolitical expert, Kissinger had good reason to call such politicians ""Trotskyites"" for advocating a world revolution, albeit in their own way, but always in the front and in shining armor. This is a tempting ideology and has been professed by different countries at different times, not only the United States.

Lukin is hardly seen as an anti-American hard-liner in Russia  rather, he's considered to be an objective expert on the United States and a highly professional diplomat. He is a founding member of the liberal opposition party Yabloko. That he would get the United States so obviously wrong  what Americans would call defending democracy and human rights, he sees as a far more radical and explicitly religious agenda of ""advocating a world revolution""  is troubling. But his view is a common one, and that tells you a great deal.

The interviewer's response is similarly telling: ""So Russia took off its ideological blinders in 1991, but America still seems to have them on. The Soviet Union is gone, but the policy against it is not.""

This narrative of an inherently aggressive America is one we heard over and over in Moscow, not just from people who support Russian President Vladimir Putin and his aggressive, anti-American policies but even from those who oppose them. In this view, American politics and policies are bent on, and in many ways driven by, a hatred of Russia and desire to destroy or at least control it. Russia has had no choice but to meet American aggression with defensive actions such as putting nuclear-capable missiles in Europe or arming eastern Ukrainian militias at threat of genocidal extermination by American-backed fascists, if only to deter the US from further actions that could lead to all-out war.

It's not hard to poke holes in this Russian worldview. As Stephen Sestanovich, a longtime senior State Department official who helped engineer the Clinton administration's Russia policies, wrote in a recent article for the American Interest,even the ""pragmatic"" Russian case for annexing Crimea in March 2014 makes little strategic sense:

Yet this was the worldview we heard even from professionals and politicians in Russia who oppose anti-Western policies. One foreign policy expert who wished for rapprochement with the West sighed to us that it would be impossible because Hillary Clinton, whom he said was widely viewed as irrationally anti-Russian, would soon take office. At another meeting, a political opposition leader remarked offhand that he hoped the US would be successful in its efforts to engineer regime change in Moscow.

As Sestanovich writes in his essay, ""The idea that the United States aims at a 'color revolution' in Moscow is the single most frequently repeated theme of official Russian rhetoric."" This is more than paranoia or government propaganda; it is the accepted worldview: that Russia is under constant threat from a hostile and irrational United States.

Lukin, at another point in his Q&A, lamented that the US had rejected Moscow's gestures at cooperation in the 1990s and instead sought to surround Russia with a hostile NATO alliance, thus forcing Russia into a defensive crouch and creating today's tensions. ""It was the biggest mistake the West made,"" he said, ""and gradually led to the current situation.""

These fears about America are likely to worsen in Russia if Hillary Clinton becomes president; many people told us she is seen by many Russians, especially Russian policymakers, as unbendingly hostile to Moscow and bent on the Putin government's destruction.

""Hillary is the worst option of any president,"" Fyodor Lukyanov, an influential Russian foreign policy expert who edits a leading foreign affairs journal and heads a foreign policy think tank, told us.

""Many people here believe that [she and her team] will try to come back to the line of the 1990s to encourage Russia into an internal transformation,"" Lukyanov added. ""Not by force, of course, but to encourage some kind of social development that will upend the current system and will promote a new one.""

WATCH: What most people miss about the war in the Ukraine",1
