id,title,text,label
1477,Donald Trump says he has no questions about Marco Rubio's eligibility to be president,"Washington (CNN) Donald Trump drew a distinction between eligibility questions surrounding Marco Rubio's run for the presidency versus those clouding Ted Cruz's bid, saying the Florida senator is qualified because although his parents were not U.S. citizens at the time of his birth, he was born in the U.S. -- unlike Cruz.

""It's a different, very different thing because he was born here. He was born on the land,"" Trump told CNN's Jake Tapper on ""State of the Union."" ""Ted was not born on the land, and there's a very strict reading that you have to be born on the land. (Harvard Law professor) Laurence Tribe actually said based on Ted's views, he would have to be born on the land.""

Cruz was conferred American citizenship at birth because his mother is an American citizen, and legal experts have largely agreed that would qualify him for natural-born citizenship. The Texas Republican also had Canadian citizenship until he renounced it in 2014.

""He was born in Canada. He was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago, if you can believe that,"" Trump said.

""He says he didn't know,"" Tapper replied.

""He didn't know. Well, he didn't know about his financial papers either. You know, how are you going to be president if you didn't know about a million dollar loan from Goldman Sachs,"" Trump asked, referring to a controversy that surfaced earlier this week over Cruz's 2012 Senate bid. ""And you said it's something you don't know about. Now he doesn't know that he was a Canadian citizen? I mean that's in a way maybe worse than all the other things we're talking about.""

""There have been lawsuits filed. And I said lawsuits are going to be filed,"" he said. ""The Democrats are going to file lawsuits. They filed lawsuits. Now, he's got a problem.""

Trump also hammered Cruz over his criticism of ""New York values,"" which the Texas senator said referred to the Empire State's support of abortion rights, same-sex marriage and a focus on money and greed. Trump called those remarks ""very, very insulting.""

""I immediately thought of the World Trade Center, and the bravery of New Yorkers and the genius of New Yorkers to be able to take that whole section and rebuild after the tragedy,"" he said.

Asked if Cruz was making a subtle ethnic dig with his ""New York values"" comment, Trump said he didn't know, adding, ""probably you would have to ask him.""

But, Trump said, ""I thought it was disgraceful that he brought that up ... I think he came across badly. Some people gave him pretty good reviews on the debate. I think he came across as very strident and not a nice person, and people don't like that.""

Trump said the ""only place (Cruz) is doing fairly well is in Iowa.""

""I you look at these other places, he's not doing well, and certainly not doing well nationally,"" Trump added.

Still, he doesn't want to take any chances, which is why he's been spending on ads recently.

""I'm going to start spending money for two reasons. Number one, I feel guilty because I'm $35 million under budget,"" he said. ""Number two, I don't want to take a chance.""

Trump pointed out that spending millions has not helped former Florida Jeb Bush emerge as a leading candidate.

""Jeb is spending so much money. Think of it, he spent $69 million, I spent nothing. He's at the bottom of the pack, I'm at the top of the pack,"" he said.

He then attacked former presidential candidate Lindsey Graham for endorsing Bush.

""I think it's incredible. First of all, Lindsey Graham got out with zero. He had zero. He had nothing. That's number one, so he's not gonna get any voters and I think it's a very bad thing for Lindsay Graham,"" Trump said.

""A lot of people think that was a shameful chapter in American history, though,"" Tapper said.

""Well, some people do, and some people think it was a very effective chapter, and what happened was when they removed some, meaning brought them back, when they brought them back, they removed some, everybody else left,"" Trump said. ""And it was very successful, everyone said. So I mean, that's the way it is. Look, we either have a country, or we don't. If we don't have strong borders, we have a problem.""

Trump said the American political process is in need of campaign finance reform, adding that he -- a candidate who has repeatedly touted his decision to self-fund his campaign as a selling point for his candidacy -- hasn't decided if he would accept public financing for the general election.

""I don't know yet. I haven't thought of it. I am thinking about this one,"" he said.

""That's the way it is. Somebody gives them money. Not anything wrong, just psychologically, when they go to that person, they're going to do that,"" he said. ""They owe them, and by the way, they may therefore vote negatively towards the country. That's not gonna happen with me.""

The American political process is in need of campaign finance reform, Trump said.

""Well I think you need it, because I think PACs are a horrible thing,"" he said. ""First of all everybody is dealing with their PAC. You know, it's supposed to be like this secret thing -- they're all dealing.""

Trump says he wasn't mocking reporter with disability

Trump was previously criticized for appearing to mock Serge Kovaleski, a New York Times reporter with arthrogryposis, a chronic condition which limits the movement of his arms.

At a South Carolina rally in November, Trump waved his arms in an awkward manner while discussing a comment made by Kovaleski. But Trump said he wasn't mocking him.

""If you could go back and do it again, would you do it differently?"" Tapper asked.

""Yes, I would. But let me just tell you something. I had no idea what this reporter looked like or that he had difficulty,"" Trump said.

Trump told Tapper he would never mock a person with a disability.

""I was not imitating. I would never -- who would ever do that? If somebody had a disability, who would mock a disability? I would never. I'm a smart person ... Who would ever mock somebody, especially if you're running for office?"" Trump said.

""I would have not done it, because it's confusing,"" he added. ""Some people believe me when I say it, I mean, I swear to you, that's true. I had no idea.""

""No, I have a great relationship with God. I have a great relationship with evangelicals,"" he said.

Trump said he doesn't ask for forgiveness because he doesn't do a lot of bad things.

""I don't like to have to ask for forgiveness. And I am good, I don't do a lot of things that are bad, I try and do nothing that's bad. I live a very different life than probably a lot of people would think,"" Trump said.

Tapper asked Trump how it felt to be implicitly criticized by South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley in her Republican response to President Barack Obama's State of the Union address last week.

""It was my great honor because I'm angry and they both said I was angry. And I get along very well with Nikki, and you know, Nikki said we're friends and we are friends. I supported her, but I am angry,"" Trump said. ""And when she said there's an anger that we shouldn't have, I said, well, I disagree with one thing. There's an anger that we should have. Our country is going to hell.""",1
3931,The controversial test that's poised to replace the Pap smear,"In new ""interim guidance"" — published today in the journal Obstetrics & Gynecology — experts from influential medical groups such as the American Society for Colposcopy and Cervical Pathology and the Society of Gynecologic Oncology argue that doctors should consider replacing the Pap smear with the HPV (human papillomavirus) test in women ages 25 to 65.

The Pap smear would still be the primary screening method in women under 25, and would be used to look for irregular cells in some older women who get a positive result from the HPV test.

This is a change from the current guidelines, which recommend Pap smears alone at three year intervals for women under 30, or the additional option of ""co-testing"" with both the Pap and HPV test at five year intervals for women ages 30 to 65.

The rationale is that we now know most all cervical cancers (between 90 and 99 percent) are caused by HPV. This more sensitive test will detect more cancer in women and potentially save lives.

Our concern is that there’s a lot of cervical cancer that's being missed on the Pap test ""In women who have a negative [HPV test] result,"" said lead author on the interim guidance Dr. Warner Huh, ""their risk of developing cancer is extraordinarily small over a three year window. You can't make that same claim with a Pap test. We know the false-negative rate for a Pap test is about 50 percent. It's a coin toss.

""Our concern is that there’s a lot of cervical cancer and pre-cancer that's being missed on the Pap test.""

But not everybody agrees with the new approach. The main point of contention is this: not all HPV actually leads to cancer — a lot of it is benign and clears up without any treatment at all — so expanded use of the HPV test could lead more ""false positives,"" or women being treated for cancers that would have never harmed them.

""So many women get HPV who will never, ever get cancer,"" Diana Zuckerman, head of the National Center for Health Research, told NPR.

The new interim guidance also drops the age for HPV testing from 30 to 25, which could theoretically lead to more unnecessary testing and treatment among young women.

Dr. Huh's group believes the benefit-harms ratio lies in favor of earlier and more aggressive HPV screening.

""We fully recognize that [detecting more HPV] substantially increases the number of procedures that will be required, like colposcopies,"" he said. ""But we felt that increased disease protection would be meaningfully important to women and health-care providers.""

He explained that the group convened to come up with the new advice after a Food and Drug Administration panel suggested last year that a new HPV test become the standard of care for women. For now, the interim guidance is meant to guide doctors' and patients' decision-making until new, official guidelines arrive in the next few years.

Until then, here is what you should know about Pap tests and HPV tests:

Pap smears have been the primary cervical-cancer test for women for decades. The test was invented in the US in 1941 by none other than George Papanicolaou. (Weird fact: He actually established the technique by examining vaginal debris from guinea pigs and then translated that knowledge to humans.) 



At the time, it was a game changer and model for cancer screening: it was the first effort to detect early cancer and it turned cervical cancer into a largely curable disease.



But the test isn't perfect. It involves scraping the walls of the cervix and vagina for cells, which are placed on a slide and sent off to cytologists who look for abnormalities under microscopes. Sometimes the doctor doesn't scrape the area of the cervix where bad cells are harbored, sometimes she doesn't transfer them to the slide properly.

That's why the doctors who drafted the interim guidance about the HPV test (and the FDA panel last year) are pushing for expanded use of the new test.

""We know the Pap test is not very reproducible. If you get a Pap test, three different pathologists will give you three different interpretations of the results,"" said Dr. Huh. ""The HPV test is either positive or negative, like a pregnancy test.""

According to the current guidelines, women ages 30 and above (or 25, according to the interim guidance) should consider another option: the HPV test.

The HPV test works like a Pap test. Doctors use a speculum to open the vaginal canal and reach the cervix, and then they gently scrape the cervical canal to collect a cell sample.

The difference, however, is how the sample is screened. The HPV tests looks for the presence of the virus, not abnormal cells. And the bottom line about the HPV test is this: it's more sensitive than Pap smears at catching cancer-causing HPV, meaning it can more accurately detect the virus.

The authors of the interim guidance want to see this test used first in women ages 25 to 65. Then, for women who test positive for some strains of HPV, they want the Pap test used second to detect whether the HPV is associated with cell abnormalities in the cervix.

But, again, there is a risk here and one that the medical community will be debating: whether 25 is too young to start routinely screening women for HPV. That's because HPV is not always deadly, and in most women, clears within a year or two. Running this ultra sensitive test at an earlier age could mean sending patients into tests and treatments that will have no positive impact on their lives or health outcomes. (For this reason, until now, doctors have said this test has a ""low predictive value"" for cervical cancer in women under 30.)

Until more consensus emerges in the medical community about a new age cut off, if you're between 25 and 30, you might want to talk to your doctor about getting an HPV test.

If you're over 30, the current guidelines already recommend ""co-testing"" or getting both the HPV and Pap test at the same time. That's because HPV in older women is more likely to be related to cell abnormalities that could become cancerous. So having a sensitive test is a good thing.

Whatever approach you chose with your doctor, remember that getting any sort of screening is the most important first step.

""At least half of the cases of cervical cancer in the US occur because women have not had appropriate screening or follow-up,"" said Dr. Michael LeFevre, who chairs the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force.",1
391,Philadelphia To Host 2016 Democratic National Convention,"Leading up to the decision, Philadelphia was one of three cities -- including New York and Columbus, Ohio -- vying for the opportunity to host.

Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, chair of the DNC, announced in a Thursday statement that the committee had signed a final contract with Philadelphia earlier that morning.

“I am thrilled to announce that Philadelphia will host the convention where we will nominate the 45th President of the United States,” Wasserman Schultz said in the statement. “In addition to their commitment to a seamless and safe convention, Philadelphia’s deep rooted place in American history provides a perfect setting for this special gathering. I cannot wait to join Democrats across the country to celebrate our shared values, lay out a Democratic vision for the future, and support our nominee.”

The Democratic National Committee decided in late January that the convention would take place July 25, 2016, just one week after the Republican National Convention in Cleveland.

The last time Philadelphia hosted a presidential convention was in 2000, when Republicans nominated then-Gov. George W. Bush. The last time the Democrats hosted their convention in Philadelphia was in 1948.",1
5129,Meet Hillary Clinton's Potential Vice Presidents In 100 Words,"Hillary Clinton will already make history with her nomination for president, becoming the first woman to lead a major presidential ticket. Now the question is whether she wants to do it again with her choice of running mate.

Clinton is expected to name her vice presidential pick sometime after the Republican National Convention ends and before her own convention begins in Philadelphia on July 25.

On her list are several Hispanic lawmakers, African-Americans and at least one woman.

Latino politicians like Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro offer an appealing contrast to Donald Trump's controversial comments on Mexican immigrants, plus he would bring youth to her ticket.

She also has a close relationship with Labor Secretary Tom Perez, who is beloved by labor unions.

Ohio Sen. Sherrod Brown and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren would excite supporters of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders. Brown has been a vocal opponent of free trade agreements and is one of the Senate's most liberal members, while Warren was the original progressive hero who has long railed against Wall Street.

But both Brown and Warren, along with New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker, have a big complicating factor — they come from states with Republican governors who would nominate their replacements if the Clinton ticket wins. And with control of the Senate hanging in the balance this November too, losing a Senate seat may be too risky of a gamble for Democrats.

Ultimately though, Clinton may go with a safer, non-historic pick. Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine is a solid choice who was a finalist in President Obama's search eight years ago. Kaine himself has admitted he is a ""boring"" choice, but boring isn't necessarily a bad thing in politics, and he does come from a swing state too.

That's the same with Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, who has emerged as a late, top possible pick for Clinton. The former Iowa governor comes from an important state and is a longtime friend of the Clintons too.

Below are some of the potential candidates Clinton's team is weighing. Check out Trump's potential VPs here.

Becerra is the current chairman of the House Democratic Caucus, making him the highest-ranking Latino in the House. Elected to Congress in 1992, he previously served in the state Assembly and was the California deputy attorney general. In 2008, President Obama offered him the position of U.S. trade representative, but he turned it down, saying he would have more influence in Congress. Becerra has stumped for Clinton in both English and Spanish and could be a powerful voice for her on issues of immigration. Once a supporter of NAFTA, he now says he opposes it and voted against CAFTA.

Booker cultivated a popular social media presence and a national profile even before he was elected to the Senate in 2013. During his seven years as Newark mayor, he became well-known for shoveling residents' driveways after snowstorms, rescuing a woman from a house fire and living on food stamps. Booker could energize African-Americans and young voters. But as a freshman senator, his experience will be a question (even though he has served the same amount of time that Barack Obama did before becoming president). His attention-getting tactics also make him something of a wild card who could upstage Clinton.

Brown, two-term senator of one of the most critical swing states, would bring a geographic advantage to a Clinton ticket. He also would help with reaching blue-collar Democrats who might be swayed by Donald Trump's populist appeal. He has been a strong surrogate for Clinton when it comes to labor issues. Brown is also a vocal opponent of free trade and critic of NAFTA, an issue where progressives who backed Sanders are skeptical of Clinton's recent conversion. Before being elected to the Senate in 2006, he served in the House for 14 years and was previously the Ohio secretary of state.

The current secretary of housing and urban development, Castro is a rising star in the Democratic Party. In 2009, when he was just 35, he was elected the mayor of San Antonio — the youngest mayor of a major U.S. city. He delivered the keynote address at the 2012 Democratic National Convention in Charlotte, N.C. He would be the first Hispanic on a presidential ticket and would provide a contrast to Trump's controversial remarks about Latinos. But recent reports say he has slipped on Clinton's list owing to concerns he lacks the experience to step into the presidency if necessary.

Kaine would be a more traditional choice for vice president, but that may be exactly what Clinton needs. Last month, he even admitted he lacks the pizazz of some other candidates, telling Meet the Press moderator Chuck Todd, ""I am boring."" He's an effective surrogate, comes from a swing state and has good relationships on both sides of the aisle. He has arguably the most political experience of her possible running mates, including service as mayor of Richmond, governor of Virginia and chairman of the Democratic National Committee. He is fluent in Spanish and was an early Clinton endorser.

A former two-term governor of Massachusetts, Patrick would add diversity to the Clinton ticket. In 1994, President Bill Clinton appointed Patrick as an assistant attorney general, putting him in charge of the civil rights division of the Department of Justice. Later, he went into private practice as general counsel of Texaco and Coca-Cola. He endorsed President Obama in 2008; Obama's chief strategist, David Axelrod, consulted on Patrick's 2006 gubernatorial race and later helped in his tough 2010 re-election. While Massachusetts isn't a swing state, Patrick's business and executive experience could be useful as a counterpoint to Trump.

Perez has long been mentioned as a possible running mate for Clinton. The current secretary of labor was first appointed by Obama as an assistant attorney general for the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division. The son of Dominican immigrants, he would help excite the Hispanic electorate. He is also beloved by labor unions — so much so that they campaigned against his nomination to replace Eric Holder as attorney general in 2014 because they wanted Perez to stay at the Labor Department. He is less well known than some of Clinton's other possible picks, though, but has been unafraid to attack Trump.

A newly-floated name Clinton is reportedly vetting, Stavridis would lend considerable military experience and national security credibility to a Clinton ticket. He spent over thirty years in the Navy and rose to the rank of a 4-star Admiral. For four years, he served as the 16th Supreme Allied Commander at NATO, where he oversaw operations in Afghanistan, Libya, Syria, the Balkans, and piracy off the coast of Africa. He is currently the Dean of The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University. He has criticized Donald Trump, calling his foreign policy ""naive and dangerous.""

Vilsack has served at almost every level of government, beginning as mayor of Mt. Pleasant, Iowa in 1987. He went on to serve as a state senator and the two-term the governor of Iowa. He's the current Secretary of Agriculture and is the only remaining member of President Obama's original cabinet. Like Kaine, he's a safe pick for Clinton and was already vetted for the vice presidency by John Kerry in 2004. He briefly ran for president in the 2008 cycle but dropped out in early 2007. He endorsed Clinton and served as her national co-chair.

When Warren campaigned with Clinton last month, it was many Democrats' dream ticket. She has been a ferocious Trump attack dog, firing back as the presumptive GOP nominee derided her with nicknames such as ""Pocahontas."" Even before she was elected, she became a hero for progressives after creating the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and speaking out against Wall Street influence. Many liberal groups urged her to run for president herself this year, but she rebuffed their advances. Now, Warren on the ticket could be an olive branch to Sanders supporters. Others think that an all-woman ticket would alienate some male voters.",1
3080,Partisan voters treat politics and elections like a competitive sports rivalry.,"The rise of political polarization in the U.S. government has been mirrored by a similar trend of growing animosity between people who support different parties. But how have these – often uncivil – rivalries arisen? Using data from two representative surveys of Americans in 2010 and 2012, Patrick R. Miller find that partisans treat politics as they would a sports rivalry, with parties viewed in terms of good and evil, with a strong motivation to win at any cost, often independent of policy outcomes. He also finds that not only are those that view politics as a rivalry the most politically knowledgeable, they are also the most vicious, uncivil, and party-driven voters. This hostile mindset is made worse by a combination of competitive elections and politicians who further fan the flames of partisan rivalries.

Americans are justifiably cynical about politics. Congress is more polarized than ever, leaving ideological extremists to govern a more centrist citizenry. Lawmakers seem incapable of civil compromise on even uncontroversial issues; leaving Washington gridlocked on pressing policy problems. But an ugly truth of American politics today is that average citizens too readily condemn politicians for our political problems without owning their role in enabling that dysfunction. If our politicians are aggressively and uncompromisingly uncivil, they make just be reflecting the voters who elected them.

My coauthor, Pamela Johnston Conover, and I have been researching the nature of political party identities in America since 2010. Political scientists around that time began researching a growing social distance between average Republicans and Democrats, even in nonpolitical respects like comfort with one’s child marrying someone of the other party. What is it about parties, we wondered, that could elicit such intense hostility between everyday people?

For us, the answer is in how people construct their sense of self. All of us are attached to identities—national, racial, religious, schools, and even parties—that shape who we believe we are and how we perceive the world. Like our religions, many Americans inherit party attachment from their parents. Many of us learn that we are Democrats or Republicans long before we learn that those loyalties mean that we should be liberal or conservative, pro-choice or pro-life, or for or against the social welfare state.

In new research we focus on average partisans—everyday Democrats and Republicans—and their potentially unhealthy political attitudes. Politics in an intensely polarized era like today reinforces for citizens that the parties are not just distinct, but starkly different in belief and who they favor. And our regular elections ensure that our party team always has another “game” with the other team looming. We show that this creates an environment where many partisans treat politics like a sports rivalry, akin to Kansas-Missouri or UNC-Duke in college sports. Partisans with that mentality view politics in stark good-evil terms and are motivated to participate in politics foremost by a strong desire to win at any cost.

We conducted two nationally representative surveys of Americans in 2010 and 2012. Before fielding the surveys, we conducted extensive interviews with average partisans to better understand the mentality that our surveys would assess. When we asked what motivated them to vote, many partisans seemingly did not connect that a party must win an election to advance policy. Instead, many talked about victory and policy ends as if they were disconnected or competing motivations (lesson: be wary of assuming that average citizens think strategically about politics).

Accordingly, we asked partisans about their electoral motivations. The survey showed that 41 percent of partisans agreed that simply winning elections is more important to them than policy or ideological goals. Just 35 percent agreed that policy is a more important motivator for them to participate in politics. Only 24 percent valued both equally.

Troublingly, 38 percent of partisans agreed that their parties should use any tactics necessary to “win elections and issue debates.” When those who agreed with this view were asked what tactics they had in mind, the most common ones they offered were: voter suppression, stealing or cheating in elections, physical violence and threats, lying, personal attacks on opponents, not allowing the other party to speak, and using the filibuster to gridlock Congress. Democrats and Republicans were equally likely to express this incivility.

These sentiments about victory and incivility were most common among partisans who most strongly viewed the opposing party as a “rival.” These most hostile partisans also expressed the strongest partisanship and the greatest anger at the other party. And curiously, these same citizens were also the most politically knowledgeable when asked a battery of basic political knowledge questions, meaning that our most informed citizens are also the most vicious, uncivil, and party-driven voters. These effects were also independent of ideological or issue positions, which means that once a partisan develops a sense of strong interparty rivalry, it turns into a hostile dynamic with a psychological life of its own.

So there is a certain type of voter—thankfully not all—for whom politics is primarily about group loyalty and using any means to claim victory over their rivals. Not about issues per se. Not about ideology or candidates. Just “we’re good, they’re bad, and let’s win.” But so what? Two other results from our research imply a lot about American politics today.

First, competitive elections exacerbated these hostile attitudes toward the other party. Using Cook Political Report rankings for both survey years, we found that partisans voting in the most competitive races reported the highest levels of rivalry, desire to win, and incivility. What does that say about political campaigns? For some voters, sure, elections are about issues and selecting a compatible candidate. But for many partisan voters, those same elections are just red meat riling them up over the symbolism of party labels. Rather than bringing us together to discuss our differences and deliberate, our elections are alienating many of us from one another.

Second, these most hostile partisans were also the most likely to participate in campaigns (volunteer, donate money, persuade friends, etc.) and vote. Think about the implications of that. Candidates depend on others’ resources and votes to win, especially from their own parties. So if the most mobilized partisans are also the most hostile toward the other party, then a major incentive for politicians is to placate that hostility even if it poisons the political environment. They can do that in campaigns with vitriolic and often relatively issueless partisan appeals, but also by acting as “partisan warriors” in office: not compromising, abusing the filibuster, or stridently partisan press appearances on Fox and MSNBC.

Easy as it is to blame politicians for dysfunctional politics, citizens have some responsibility for enabling that ineptitude. In reality, the intense polarization of American politics likely results from a two way give and take: electorates produce uncompromising and uncivil politicians partly because those politicians may best appeal to the most mobilized partisan voter. But through campaigns and the partisan press, politicians also lead partisans to a hostile mindset where they view the other party as an evil rival.

Obviously, many believe that fierce partisanship is a good thing. In practice, though, our Founders designed a government to force compromise between factions, and a system where it is unlikely that any one party will gain such complete control of government that compromise is unnecessary. It is easy for partisans who never shoulder any responsibility for making government policy work to view politics as a sport where purity, loyalty, and contempt for the opposition make a good game. But whether they make good government is a whole other matter.

This article is based on the paper, “Red and Blue States of Mind: Partisan Hostility and Voting in the United States” in Political Research Quarterly.

Please read our comments policy before commenting.

Note:  This article gives the views of the author, and not the position of USApp– American Politics and Policy, nor of the London School of Economics.

Patrick R. Miller – University of Kansas

 Patrick R. Miller is an Assistant Professor of Political Science at the University of Kansas. He specializes in American public opinion, political psychology, elections, and survey and experimental methodology. His current research focuses on civility and partisan identity in the U.S. He tweets about politics at twitter.com/pmiller1693.",1
2112,"EPA unveils comprehensive water regs, critics decry 'power grab'","The Obama administration issued controversial new rules Wednesday aimed at protecting the nation's drinking water but decried by congressional critics as a regulatory ""power grab.""

The Environmental Protection Agency, in announcing the finalized Clean Water Rule along with the Army Corps of Engineers, said the changes mark a ""historic step for the protection of clean water"" and would help roughly 117 million Americans who get drinking water from streams not clearly protected before these regulations. The rule would clarify which smaller streams, tributaries and wetlands are covered by anti-pollution and development provisions of the Clean Water Act.

But the rules have run into deep opposition from farm groups and the Republican-led Congress. The House voted to block the regulations earlier this month, and a similar effort is underway in the Senate. Critics argue the rules could greatly expand the reach of federal regulators, making every stream, ditch and puddle on farmers' and others' private land subject to federal oversight.

“The administration’s decree to unilaterally expand federal authority is a raw and tyrannical power grab that will crush jobs,” House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, said in a written statement following the rules release.

Boehner said more than 30 governors and government leaders rejected the EPA’s water rule. “These leaders know firsthand that the rule is being shoved down the throats of hardworking people with no input, and places landowners, small businesses, farmers and manufacturers on the road to a regulatory and economic hell.”

North Dakota Republican Rep. Kevin Cramer said in a statement the rules ""trample on the rights of private property owners as well as local and state governments"" and vowed to work with colleagues to overturn it.

EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy, however, said the rule will only affect waters that have a ""direct and significant"" connection to larger bodies of water downstream that are already protected. The EPA said the rule focuses on streams, not ditches -- limiting protection to ditches constructed out of streams or those that ""function like streams and can carry pollution downstream.""

Two Supreme Court rulings had left the reach of the Clean Water Act uncertain. The EPA has said 60 percent of the nation's streams and waterways are vulnerable, and these rules clarify which of those waters are protected. The regulations would only kick in if a business or landowner takes steps to pollute or destroy those waters.

McCarthy has acknowledged the proposed rules issued last year were confusing and said the final rules were written to be more clear. She said the regulations don't create any new permitting requirements for agriculture and even adds some new exemptions for artificial lakes and ponds and water-filled depressions, among other features.

These efforts were ""to make clear our goal is to stay out of agriculture's way,"" McCarthy said in a blog posted on the EPA website.

But after the rules were released, Sen. James Inhofe, R-Okla., chairman of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, said his panel will consider the Senate bill to force the EPA to withdraw and rewrite the rules this summer and “continue our work to halt EPA’s unprecedented land grab.""

Inhofe said the rule makes it ""more important than ever for Congress to act."" Among other concerns, he said the final rule allows the EPA to regulate isolated waters -- even ponds in farmers' fields -- by declaring them a ""regional water treasure.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
1350,Democratic debate: 6 takeaways,"Durham, New Hampshire (CNN) No more fake niceties. No more patience. No more Martin O'Malley to get in the way.

Hillary Clinton re-launched her campaign Thursday night, going directly after Bernie Sanders regarding his attacks on her record, stressing her foreign policy experience, and making the case to Democrats that it's time to stop dreaming and get real.

Sanders didn't hold back either, continuing to rail against the political establishment and campaign finance system. And he hit Clinton again on her Wall Street connections and vote for the war in Iraq.

Here are the takeaways from the intense MSNBC Democratic debate:

Clinton goes after Sanders for his 'artful smear' campaign

In her second presidential campaign, Clinton clearly doesn't want to win through a war of attrition. She's sick of Sanders casting himself as the protector of the progressive realm against the corrupting influence of the Clintons, and she is ready to extinguish the Bern now.

After yet another Sanders swipe at Clinton as part of a political establishment bankrolled by Wall Street and drug companies, she unloaded.

""Time and time again, by innuendo, by insinuation, there is this attack that he is putting forth which really comes down to, you know, anybody who ever took donations or speaking fees from any interest group has to be bought. And I just absolutely reject that, senator, and I really don't think these kinds of attacks by insinuation are worthy of you. And enough is enough,"" Clinton said.

Then she challenged him: ""If you've got something to say, say it directly, but you will not find that I ever changed a view or a vote because of any donation I ever received.""

And finally, Clinton made it just a little bit more personal, saying: ""I think it's time to end the very artful smear that you and your campaign have been carrying out in recent weeks.""

And she follows with the definition of 'progressive'

It's been a struggle for months for Clinton to find a way to tell Sanders' supporters that she's on the same page with them policy-wise -- it's just that their big ideas could never, ever make it through Congress.

She tried a new way of explaining their differences on Thursday night, and it was her best yet.

""A progressive is someone who makes progress,"" Clinton said.

It was easy to see Clinton's exasperation with Sanders. The pattern repeated itself: He'd propose a liberal policy and be cheered. She'd say she agrees, and then add that she has a specific plan to make it happen.

""I'm fighting for people that cannot make those changes and I'm not making promises that I cannot keep,"" Clinton said.

But Sanders' response is potent, too

In going right at Sanders, Clinton took a big risk.

She is hoping to pick up a few points in New Hampshire, and slow Sanders' momentum nationally. But in doing so, she could infuriate the young voters who Sanders has drawn into the political process.

At first those young voters were fine with Clinton -- liked her, even. They just saw Sanders as more genuine. Now, the tone at Sanders' rallies makes clear, she will have significant work to do to win them over should she win the nomination.

Sanders didn't hit Clinton directly when he responded, but he didn't shrink, either. He lambasted 1990s-era Wall Street deregulation (under Bill Clinton, of course), the Koch brothers and ExxonMobil.

""That is what goes on in America,"" Sanders said. ""There is a reason, you know, there is a reason why these people are putting huge amounts of money into our political system,"" he said, ""and in my view it is undermining American democracy and it is allowing Congress to represent wealthy campaign contributors and not the working families.""

Wall Street continues to be full of potholes for the former secretary of state.

Her pragmatism and her accusations of an ""artful smear"" on Sanders' part don't erase the political problem caused by her paid speeches at Goldman Sachs -- which she had joked about in a CNN town hall the night before, saying with a laugh that the $675,000 in speaking fees she received was what they'd offered.

""I may not have done the job I should in explaining my record,"" she said, arguing that she was tough on bankers behind closed doors and has been in the 2016 campaign, as well.

Thirteen years and two presidential campaigns later, Clinton's vote to go to war in Iraq still haunts her. Her experience on foreign policy -- as Sanders himself admits -- is much deeper. But just like then-Illinois Sen. Barack Obama in 2008, Sanders keeps using that Iraq vote as Kryptonite on the subject.

She finally found an answer to Sanders' criticism: ""A vote in 2002 is not a plan to defeat ISIS.""

It allowed Clinton to finally capitalize on a significant weakness of Sanders.

There's a reason Clinton's campaign decided to embrace four more Democratic debates: She's a bare-knuckle brawler, and she's not going to lose the nomination because she wasn't willing to hit Sanders hard enough.

Sanders, meanwhile, will pull his punches -- especially on subjects where he's tepid.

The big one is foreign policy. It never comes up at his town hall meetings, and it's not at the top of his supporters' priorities. On the debate stage, it shows.

The email issue continues to hang over the Clinton campaign -- and the question of whether there's some ticking timebomb there that could decimate her campaign in a general election after she wins the nomination.

Asked directly whether she could ""reassure"" Democrats on this, Clinton said: ""Absolutely I can.""

MSNBC's Chuck Todd pressed further regarding an FBI investigation into the matter. ""I am 100 percent confident. This is a security review that was requested. It is being carried out. It will be resolved.""

Sanders -- as he has before -- declined the opportunity to take a direct shot at Clinton on the emails. But he did remind viewers that he could attack her if he wanted to.

""The secretary probably doesn't know that there's not a day that goes by when I am not asked to attack her on that issue,"" he said, ""and I have refrained from doing that and I will continue to refrain from doing that.""",1
3647,2015: It's time to fire the IRS,"Imagine what would happen if a retail store or company like Best Buy or Home Depot announced it has plans to slash customer service, that it will make people stand in lines for at least a half hour, and that any customer due a refund will have to wait several weeks.

Oh, and it may not be able to prevent identity theft.

That company would probably soon find itself in chapter 11 bankruptcy as shoppers fled to other banks or stores or restaurants where they can get first class service.  That's what America is about and every businessman and woman knows the customer always comes first.

But the Internal Revenue Service now says that taxpayers had better get used to shabby service from the tax collection agency. And the IRS is hardly an agency known for warm and friendly service to begin with.

 

 Complaining about belt tightening budget cuts, this week IRS Commissioner John Koskinen lectured: ""People who file paper tax returns could wait an extra week—or possibly longer—to see their refund.  Taxpayers with errors or questions on their returns that require additional manual review will also face delays.” It says it will cut enforcement efforts to root out identity theft.

 

 Another IRS official went even further, suggesting wait times of at least half an hour to get through on the 1-800 help line. She warned that people who call in might want to bring some knitting, and that by the time you get through to a live human being, ""you might be able to knit a sock."" And they call this a ""help"" line!

 

 There's not much taxpayers can do about this because after all, the IRS is a government monopoly. You can't file your tax return or have it processed by anyone else.  Though it is interesting that the president of H&R Block, one of the nation's largest tax preparation firms, said on Fox News on Wednesday that ""this is a story that will obviously help our business.""

 

 Congress needs to hold the IRS accountable and demand the firing of Mr. Kostiken because he has he admitted openly he can't do his job. The IRS is nearly an $11 billion a year agency with some 100,000 employees.  Congress wants to cut its budget by less than 4 percent and the agency says it can't function. During the recession many businesses took cuts of 30 and 40 percent and they did it by becoming more efficient and cutting waste.

 

 Meanwhile the IRS has spent millions of dollars on conferences at exotic resorts for its employees with some suites costing $3,000 a night. And Mr. Koskinen says he can't find places to cut.

 

 The IRS has been rocked by scandals of targeting, abusing and financially harming individuals and conservative groups it doesn't agree with.  Maybe it could shut down that division and use those resources to help taxpayers.  Instead of showing signs of remorse the agency brass is petulant.  The attempt to extort more tax dollars out of taxpayers is the so-called Washington Monument ploy and Congress should demand an immediate private audit of the agency's spending habits.

 

 What is amazing is that Washington demands full accountability and accuracy from tax filers, but the tax collection department is the least accountable agency of government. If the IRS can't administer the tax code with 100,000 employees - it sounds like we need a new IRS and a new tax system.

Stephen Moore is a Fox News contributor. Moore is the Distinguished Visiting Fellow, Project for Economic Growth, at The Heritage Foundation. He is also an economic consultant with Freedom Works. Prior to joining Heritage he wrote on the economy and public policy for The Wall Street Journal.",1
1142,Sparks Fly Between Clinton And Sanders At Flint Debate,"Sparks Fly Between Clinton And Sanders At Flint Debate

In their seventh debate, this time in Flint, Mich., Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders agreed on the root causes of that city's drinking water crisis. They both called for a massive federal intervention and investigation of the lead poisoning there and urged that the state's Republican governor, Rick Snyder, either resign or be recalled.

But the two Democratic candidates also clashed over the role of trade deals in the deterioration of Michigan's economy, the usefulness of the Export-Import Bank and the state of manufacturing in America generally.

They also disagreed about gun control and the best way to expand health care coverage to the maximum of Americans. They had predictably different views of whether President Bill Clinton helped or hurt African-Americans during his eight years in office.

Sometimes, the contrast between their positions, aims and personalities created visible tension. When Clinton talked about cracking down on U.S. companies that move jobs overseas or move their corporate headquarters to duck U.S. taxes, Sanders was contemptuous.

""I am very glad,"" Sanders said, ""that Secretary Clinton discovered religion on this issue. But it's a little bit too late.""

At another juncture, Clinton noted Sanders' vote against the 2009 bailout for the auto industry as a contrast between them.

""If you are talking about the Wall Street bailout where some of your friends destroyed this economy,"" Sanders began. Clinton began to interrupt, then Sanders said: ""Excuse me, I'm talking.""

""If you're going to talk, tell the whole story,"" said Clinton.

""Let me tell my story, you tell yours,"" he responded.

There were also hostile exchanges on the issue Clinton's team regards as Sanders' greatest vulnerability in the primaries. Clinton noted that Sanders voted against a bill making gun manufacturers liable for crimes committed with their products, calling it a blanket immunity enjoyed by no other industry.

Sanders said Clinton was talking about a position whereby no guns could be manufactured in the U.S. at all, adding that he disagreed with that.

Both candidates admitted they did not and could not really know how it felt to be a person of color in the U.S. Each related experiences in their youth that brought them into confrontation with the racial schism of their time. Clinton spoke of exchanges between her suburban church and the youth of inner-city churches in Chicago. Sanders related his own arrest for protesting discrimination in housing in the same city, when he was a student at the University of Chicago.

But despite the frequent disagreements and reliance on sarcasm, the debate between these two candidates was a broadly collegial affair when compared with the two most recent Republican debates.

""I just want to make one point,"" said Clinton near the end of the evening. ""We have our differences and we get into vigorous debate about issues. But compare the substance of this debate with what you saw on the Republican stage last week.""

Sanders agreed, saying either he or Clinton would invest ""a lot of money into mental health, and when you watch these Republican debates you know why we need to invest.""

If you have watched all six of the previous debates among the Democratic candidates, you know well the arc of the contest thus far.

Initially, the Democratic National Committee wanted only four debates and scheduled this small number in time slots all but guaranteed to minimize the audience watching in real time. Pressure to expose the candidates and create more competition between them led to additional debates.

The stage at first included not only Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders but three other contestants as well: former Sen. Jim Webb of Virginia, former Gov. Martin O'Malley of Maryland and former Gov. Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island.

Webb dropped out on Oct. 20, complaining about his scant speaking time. Chafee also suspended his campaign three days later. O'Malley lasted until the Iowa caucuses, where his minor fraction of the vote indicated he was not connecting with voters.

Since then, Sanders and Clinton have met several times, and their encounters have been progressively less cordial. Sanders had been generous toward the former secretary of state in the first debates, even helping her deflect criticism for keeping official business on her private server while in office.

But as the Sanders campaign matured into a major competitor for Clinton, Sanders became more challenging, even hostile. In February in Milwaukee, he interjected a quick jab: ""You're not the president yet.""

The Flint debate featured several similar moments when, without becoming overtly nasty, Sanders managed to assert his presence and challenge the air of dominance Clinton has sought to project.

On this occasion, Sanders could also note, as he did, that he had won three of the four states where voting took place over the weekend: Kansas, Nebraska and Maine. Big margins in these states had given him a slight edge over Clinton in the delegate allocations for the weekend, despite her overwhelming win in Louisiana, a primary state where far more votes were cast than in the three caucus states combined.

Clinton could say she won more votes over the weekend than any of her rivals in either party, and she could say she'd won a million more votes than Donald Trump thus far in all the primaries and caucuses around the country.

Clinton's margin among ""pledged delegates,"" whose vote is allocated according to primaries or caucuses, is still near 200. When so-called superdelegates (elected officials and party leaders) are included, her advantage swells to more than 600.",1
848,Starnes: Donald Trump is not a conservative,"What sort of man is lurking deep inside Donald Trump’s innards?

We were led to believe that Mr. Trump was one of us -- a conservative of the gun-toting, Bible-clinging variety.

But friends, Mr. Trump is no conservative. His talk is far different from his walk.

Click here to join Todd’s American Dispatch: a must-read for Conservatives!

Fox News confirms that senior campaign aides assured Republicans in private that the Trump we’ve seen on the campaign trail is not going to be the same Trump we get in the White House.

“When he’s out on that stage, when he’s talking about the kinds of things he’s talking about on the stump, he’s projecting an image that’s for that purpose,” Trump strategist Paul Manafort said behind closed doors.

“You’ll start to see more depth of the person, the real person,” he added. “You’ll see a real different guy.”

The Associated Press reported that Trump’s aides mentioned the need to “moderate his brash personality.”

“The part that he’s been playing is evolving into the part that now you’ve been expected, but he wasn’t ready for, because he had first to complete the first phase,” Manifold said. “The image is going to change.”

Back in the South those are code words for snookered, two-faced and phony-as-a-two-dollar-bill.

Oh, Donald. What have you done? Say it isn’t so.

“Donald Trump is telling the American people that he’s lying to us,” Sen. Ted Cruz said on the campaign trail Friday. “His campaign is now run by Washington lobbyists.”

If true, Mr. Trump is no different than the Establishment Republicans who so effortlessly betrayed and abandoned the base of the party.

The man is campaigning as a conservative — but I’d be willing to bet a pair of Corinthians that he’s secretly plotting to govern as a liberal.

So the question must be asked. When will we see the “real” Donald Trump?

Will he still send the illegals back from whence they came? Will he still make Mexico pay for the wall? Will he really bring jobs back to the United States? Will he defend the American working man?

And what does it mean when his campaign says he will “moderate” his message?

Mr. Trump promised to “Make America Great Again.” Does he really mean that — or does he just want to “Make America Average”?

In just the past few days we’ve seen him begin to waffle on issues like abortion and religious liberty.

Pro-life groups are extremely concerned by comments he made about rewriting the party’s pro-life platform.

He also spoke out against North Carolina’s decision to strike down Charlotte’s so-called bathroom bill.

“The problem with what happened in North Carolina is the strife and the economic punishment that they’re taking,” he said on the ""Today Show.""



With all due respect, the problem in North Carolina was big business trying to bully and intimidate moms and dads who want to protect their daughters.

“In the last 48 hours, Donald Trump has come out for grown men going into the bathrooms with little girls,” Cruz said. “That is politically correctness on steroids.”

In the Broadway musical, “The Music Man” the good-hearted people of River City got snookered by a fast-talking swindler named Harold Hill.

Hill enthralled the town folk with tales of depravity – of a culture gone astray. There’s trouble in River City, he famously proclaimed. Trouble with a capital “T”.

He promised that he had the cure for what ailed their town — and they bought what he was selling hook, line and sinker.

And I’m afraid conservatives have suffered the same fate as the good people of River City.

Todd Starnes is host of Fox News & Commentary, heard on hundreds of radio stations. His latest book is ""God Less America: Real Stories From the Front Lines of the Attack on Traditional Values."" Follow Todd on Twitter @ToddStarnes and find him on Facebook.

",1
3503,Obama on future of terror after bin Laden raid,"Washington (CNN) On the fifth anniversary of Osama bin Laden's death, President Barack Obama sharply defended his targeted approached to fighting terror -- and said the next president would most likely follow his lead rather than his predecessor's.

""The kinds of Special Forces and intelligence-gathering that we saw in the bin Laden raid is going to be, more often than not, the tool of choice for a president in dealing with that kind of threat,"" he said.

""The ideology has not been extinguished,"" Obama acknowledged in an exclusive interview with CNN's Peter Bergen on Monday night. ""The world is still dangerous. In many ways, the Middle East is in a more chaotic situation.""

But -- without directly referring to President George W. Bush's decisions to send U.S. troops into Afghanistan and then Iraq -- Obama said such large-scale operations, which continue to reverberate in the current presidential race, would only make the fight against extremism harder.

Obama said the idea of ""sending 100,000 troops to invade every country where an organization like this appears going be counterproductive and, in some ways, feeds the kinds of ideology that we're fighting.""

Obama offered the assessment as part of three hours of conversations Bergen had with the President and his top circle about details of the raid that killed bin Laden for the Anderson Cooper 360 special ""'We Got Him,' Obama, Bin Laden and the War on Terror.""

While Obama spoke with confidence of the decision to launch the raid despite the odds being ""probably 50/50"" that that the U.S. was correct that the target in the Abbottabad, Pakistan, compound it was tracking was bin Laden, he did speak about the difficulty in making wrenching decisions, especially with the expanded use of drones during his presidency.

Unmanned aircraft have become an invaluable tool in areas tough to reach with U.S. soldiers, Obama said. Within the first two years of his presidency, though, Obama said he felt the legal architecture and control systems in place to use them weren't enough.

""It became so easy to use them without thinking through all the ramifications,"" he said. ""What we've tried to do is make sure that we are accountable at the highest levels for how we're using Predators.""

The standard is of ""near certainty"" that the target is an active terrorist threat and that civilian casualties are being avoided, the President said.

""Having said that, you always lose sleep because you know there's always the possibility in a kinetic action that somebody who shouldn't be killed is killed,"" he said.

And he spoke of the risks of the bin Laden operation in the shadow of U.S. history.

Reminded that former President Jimmy Carter had lost a chance at a second term because he'd taken a similar risk in trying to free U.S. hostages from revolutionary Iran -- and failed -- Obama responded, ""if I hadn't thought of it on my own, it was raised by a number of my advisors.""

Still, Obama said that he didn't consider aborting the mission, even when it started with a downed helicopter.

""My initial concern there was extraction. That if something happened to the helicopter that we could make sure that we got our guys out,"" he said, pointing to the backup helicopters that had been prepared as part of their ""plan B.""

""Nevertheless, it gave you a little jolt,"" Obama said. ""I think it reminded you that no matter how well you plan, there's always going to be something that comes up.""

Obama said U.S. Special Forces had developed a deep capacity during years in Iraq and Afghanistan that meant this wasn't completely foreign terrain for them.

""It was uniquely complicated because the stakes were so high,"" Obama said, ""and we were operating inside of Pakistan. But these guys had been through a lot of harrowing moments.""

""One thing about having been through a lot of this previously, and everybody sitting around this table had been through the ups and downs of any wartime situation,"" the President said. ""It's interesting the degree to which nobody cheered or nobody high fived, because we couldn't be sure at that point.""

Obama said it wasn't until the helicopters had landed in Afghanistan with bin Laden's body ""that all of us breathed ... a sigh of relief.""

Obama and his team said that now, any future terror-fighting formula will have to include working with allies to address the political resentment and economic frustration that give extremist groups such fertile ground.

The case of Pakistan has proved particularly thorny. There has continued to be speculation that the government was aware of bin Laden's presence in Abbottabad.

Then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told CNN that she believes that senior Pakistanis knew bin Laden was there.

Clinton said it was ""just too much of a coincidence ... that that house, that unusual-looking house would be built in that community near the military academy, surrounded by retired military professionals,"" even though ""we couldn't prove it.""

""There was never any evidence that we could uncover that led directly to the top of the Pakistani military and intelligence service,"" Clinton said. ""I believe Pakistanis knew.

Clinton, the Democratic presidential front-runner, will have to evaluate what's needed to continue the fight against al Qaeda should she take the White House. But Obama's aides stressed that the next commander in chief will for sure need a blend of the fine-grained intelligence work and surgical force that defined the lethal 2011 strike against al Qaeda's mastermind.

In the years since the raid on bin Laden's Abbottabad compound, the U.S. has worked systematically to degrade core al Qaeda and go after its leadership, Obama said. Meanwhile, the ability of organizations like ISIS or al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula to carry out a catastrophic attack is much lower, he said.

But Obama and his advisors acknowledged that the fight against terrorism didn't end with bin Laden's death. If anything, they said that despite their efforts, that battle is now more complex with social media fueling the proliferation of groups and extending their reach.

The President praised the ""incredible structure of cooperation"" between intelligence, military and law enforcement ""that has hardened the homeland,"" but he didn't directly mention the controversy surrounding measures such as National Security Agency surveillance and the use of drones, though both are central to Obama's terror-fighting approach.

John Brennan, director of the Central Intelligence Agency, said that ""if counter-terrorism is going to be effective and you're going to take offensive action, you need to have the care and the precision of a surgeon's scalpel.""

Obama said the scalpel has only gotten sharper and more precise since he took office. He said that U.S. intelligence gathering as well as the accuracy and lethality of Predator drone strikes have ""increased significantly"" in the past eight years.

The next president, whether Republican or Democrat, will have to think strategically about the battle against terrorism, Obama said, a long-term undertaking that doesn't involve just force, but ideas.

While he didn't address the current presidential race directly, Obama and his officials offered an indirect criticism of Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump's proposal that American Muslims be denied entry to the U.S. if they leave the country.

""We have to make sure that we're not engaging in the kind of knee-jerk anti-Muslim sentiment that we've heard from some politicians,"" Obama said. American Muslims' success and integration has insulated the U.S. from some of the terrorism Europe is seeing, he added. Broadly speaking, the U.S. should ""not react in ways that make the problem worse rather than better,"" Obama said.

The current occupant of the Oval Office dismissed the possibility of Trump taking over from him, saying, ""I don't expect that to happen.""

Obama concluded with his belief that the American people can draw a reassuring lesson from the raid that will endure beyond his tenure.

""We've got really effective people and a government that knows how to do this,"" he said. ""And as long as we operate from a position of confidence and strength and are true to who we are, groups like this or individuals like this can't defeat us.""",1
5013,"Trump, in series of scathing personal attacks, questions Clinton’s mental health","Donald Trump unleashed a series of personal attacks Saturday against his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, mocking her appearance and questioning her mental health several times during a New Hampshire campaign rally and on social media.

""She is a totally unhinged person. She's unbalanced. And all you have to do is watch her, see her, read about her,” Trump said during a campaign rally in Windham, N.H., Saturday evening. “She will cause — if she wins, which hopefully she won't — the destruction of our country from within.""

The GOP presidential nominee called Clinton unstable and incompetent several times throughout the rally. At one point, he also called her “Hillary Rotten Clinton,” a play on her maiden name, Rodham.

“I think the people of this country don’t want somebody that’s going to short-circuit up here,” Trump said, pointing to his head. “Not as your president, not as your president.""

“Now you tell me she looks presidential, folks. I look presidential,” he said in another instance.

Trump said Clinton is a ""dangerous liar"" and accused her of failing to achieve anything during her long career in public service — except, he said, avoiding criminal charges for using a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state.

The FBI cleared her of criminal wrongdoing after a lengthy investigation but nonetheless sharply criticized her handling of classified information over email. Clinton was blasted by reporters for recently mischaracterizing FBI Director James B. Comey's comments about whether her public statements about the emails were truthful. She explained during a question-and-answer session in Washington that she had ""short-circuited"" when giving the initial response, a phrase which Trump repeatedly parodied Saturday.

“Honestly, I don’t think she’s all there,” Trump told the crowd in Windham.

Clinton was referring to the answer she gave when she said she might have ""short-circuited it""; she does not appear have said that she herself had short-circuited.

Trump’s most forceful policy-oriented attack centered on Clinton’s support for the 2003 invasion of Iraq, using her vote as a U.S. senator from New York to call her foreign-policy judgment into question. Trump wrongly claimed, as he often does on the campaign trail, that he did not support the Iraq War. That claim has been repeatedly proved false.

The real estate mogul has regularly used Clinton's support for the war in Iraq and her support for intervening in Libya — both of which he supported — to question her qualifications for the presidency. Attempting to neutralize her attacks against his character and qualifications, Trump has sought to undermine her decision-making skills while painting her as an out-of-touch member of the Washington political establishment.

“I’ve always had a great temperament. And you know, I win. I have a winning temperament. We’re going to win, we’re going to start winning again,” he said. “But I’ve won. My whole life has been about winning. I win. She can’t win. She’s not a winner. She can’t win.”

His remarks onstage came after his campaign released a video on social media suggesting that Clinton is a malfunctioning robot.

""Is Robot Hillary melting down?"" said the video’s opening caption.

The short video features Clinton misspeaking and correcting herself on several occasions. The video eventually cuts to a clip of Clinton's ""I may have short-circuited” quote from Friday.

At the end of the footage, video graphics render sparks spewing from Clinton's mouth.",1
4063,"Yemen's president, cabinet resign amid rebel standoff","Yemeni President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi has resigned under pressure from Shiite rebels who seized the capital in September and have confined the embattled leader to his home for the past two days.

Presidential officials said Hadi resigned after being pressured to make concessions to the rebels, known as Houthis. He had earlier pledged political concessions in return for the rebels withdrawing from his house and the nearby presidential palace, but Houthi fighters remained deployed around both buildings throughout the day.

Military officials close to the president, who like the other officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief reporters, said Hadi resigned after the Houthis pressured him to give a televised speech to calm the streets.

State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Thursday that the U.S. is assessing and seeking confirmation of the report.

""We are seeking a peaceful transition,"" she said.

The Yemeni government also submitted its resignation Thursday.

Prime Minister Khaled Bahah's resignation came as the U.N. envoy to the Arab world's poorest country met with representatives from the rebels, known as Houthis and other political factions to try to implement a deal reached Wednesday to end the crisis.

Under the agreement, the group's militias were to withdraw from the presidential palace and key areas of the capital they have overrun in recent days in return for political concessions.

It remains unclear who really controls the country.

Twenty-four hours after signing the deal, heavily armed Shiite rebels remained stationed outside Hadi's house and the presidential palace.

Bahah's technocratic government was formed in November as part of a United Nations-brokered peace deal after the Houthis overran the capital in September.

Bahah, a political independent, posted his resignation on his official Facebook page, saying he had held office in ""very complicated circumstances."" He says he resigned in order to ""avoid being dragged into an abyss of unconstructive policies based on no law.""

""We don't want to be a party to what is happening or will happen,"" he added.

In an attempt to end the logjam, U.N. Envoy Jamal Benomar arrived to the country and held a meeting with Houthis and other political factions to push for implementation of the deal.

In a brief press conference before the meeting, Benomar told reporters that the deal -- in essence an activation of the previous UN-brokered agreement struck in September when Houthis overran the capital -- is ""the only solution for Yemen.""

Yemen's emerging power vacuum has raised fears that the country's dangerous Al Qaeda branch, which claimed the recent attack on a French satirical weekly, will only grow more powerful and popular as the nation slides toward fragmentation and the conflict takes on an increasingly sectarian tone. The Shiite Houthis and the Sunni terror group are sworn enemies.

While the capital was free of violence, clashes did erupt southeast of Sanaa between Houthi gunmen and local tribesman. Tribal leaders said two tribesmen and four gunmen allied with Houthi rebels were killed in Khawlan-Watadah, 30 miles from Sanaa.

The violence appeared to subside by midday, but a serious flare-up in the region lying along the road to Marib province, an oil-rich area in central Yemen and a haven for Al Qaeda fighters, could torpedo peace efforts. At the entrance of Marib itself, clashes also erupted between Houthis and local tribesmen over new checkpoints erected by tribal fighters.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
922,Hillary Torches the Bern in NY Blowout,"The Democratic frontrunner won decisively to take a stranglehold on the race despite all of Sanders’s rallies and celebrity endorsements.

Sanders spent the week sowing the seeds of doubt within Clinton’s coalition—blistering her for her association with Wall Street, holding a series of mega-rallies, collecting a host of celebrity endorsements, and out-spending her by 2-1 on TV ads.



He needed a win, or a very close finish, to maintain the momentum in his unlikely bid to upset Clinton, but the Brooklyn native was defeated by more than 15 points.

“Victory is in sight!” declared Clinton at a New York rally. Staffers near the back of the room hugged each other—visibly relieved that this particularly ugly part of the primary campaign had concluded.

The Democratic race had taken a turn for the combative in New York—a family feud that played out in prime time last week during the debate in Brooklyn.

At about a quarter to 10, “Another One Bites the Dust” blasted through the Sheraton ballroom—at the same moment Clinton tweeted her thanks to New York for electing her statewide yet again. With 98 percent of the precincts declared, she was leading 57.9 percent to 42.1 percent.



Clinton even tried to knock the assumption that the Sanders campaign had a monopoly on excitement. “Tonight I want to say to all of my supporters and all of the voters: You have carried us every step of the way with passion and conviction that some critics have tried to dismiss,” she said, a campaign version of a “We’ve Got Spirit” taunt.

After days of massive, confidence-boosting rallies, most Sanders supporters were were likely in no mood to listen, but Clinton also tried to reach out. “I believe there is much more that unites us than divides us,” she said.



Judging by Sanders’s fundraising email blast as the results came in, the Vermont senator is not about to give up and unite behind the frontrunner.



“Sisters and Brothers,” it began. “We didn’t get the victory we had hoped for this evening, but what’s important is that it looks like we’re going to win a lot more delegates in New York than any state that voted or caucused before tonight.”

He entered to Frank Sinatra’s “New York, New York,” bathed in the red and blue lights that have decorated each of his victory speeches to date. He shook hands and hugged bystanders before taking to the lectern, surrounded by his family and friends like Carl Paladino, the failed gubernatorial candidate.

Ten months ago, on June 16, Trump was in this very room. In what he now believes to be an iconic scene, he came down the escalator with his wife, Melania, and into a sea of reporters and paid extras pretending to be fervent fans. Back then he seemed like a sideshow, and Beltway analysts and pundits predicted he would fizzle out quickly.

This time the escalator was frozen. His fans stood on it and peered down at him as he spoke. He had just won his 20th contest—with more than 60 percent of the vote—and added to his substantial delegate lead, on his way to the 1,237 needed to secure the Republican nomination.

The event was billed as a “press conference” by Trump’s campaign, but he didn’t take any questions, instead giving a condensed version of his stump speech that focused primarily on jobs. He promised not just to Make America Great Again, but to make it “really, legitimately, so great.”

“We’re going to go into the convention, I think, as a winner—and nobody can take an election away the way they’re doing it in the Republican Party,” he said.",1
5255,Trump’s unraveling Republican Party: How we reached this point,"Leading Republicans say the party of Abraham Lincoln is facing disruption because in the past few decades it has lost its commitment to 'unifying ideals,' such as freedom and human dignity.

Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump holds a Purple Heart given to him by a veteran during a campaign event at Briar Woods High School in Ashburn, Va., on Aug. 2, 2016. Mr. Trump's denigration of a Muslim immigrant couple's loss of their son, Humayun Khan – who died fighting for the American military in Iraq – has triggered a backlash from some prominent Republicans.

A report that the Republican National Committee is preparing for the possibility that Donald Trump might drop out of the presidential race has set the political world alight.

There’s no evidence that Mr. Trump, in fact, is on the verge of dropping out. But there are reports of deep discord within his campaign, and signs of an unraveling of the party’s fragile unity that had lasted through the GOP convention in Cleveland until now. The moment is so fraught with discord that major Republicans increasingly are giving up on the party altogether.

Trump's most controversial move was his repeated denigration of Khizr and Ghazala Khan, the immigrant parents of a fallen Muslim-American soldier, after Mr. Khan spoke out against Trump at the Democratic National Convention last week. But it's also an accumulation of brash moves – a daily unwillingness both to show the kind of restraint expected of a presidential candidate and to behave as a loyal Republican.

How has the Grand Old Party, founded in 1854 by anti-slavery activists, come to this point? It may not be all Trump's fault, though he personifies the problem. Leading Republicans say the party of Abraham Lincoln is facing disruption because in the past few decades it has lost its commitment to ""unifying ideals,"" such as freedom and human dignity.

In recent days, a Republican member of Congress, Richard Hanna of New York, and a well-known business executive and Republican fundraiser, Meg Whitman, announced their support for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. Congressman Hanna is the first sitting member to endorse Mrs. Clinton.

Other stalwarts of the Republican establishment are beginning to write off their beloved party.

“I don’t think the Republican Party and the conservative movement are capable of reforming themselves in an incremental and gradual way,” Republican intellectual Avik Roy told Vox last week. “There’s going to be a disruption.”

Mr. Roy, a health-care expert and past presidential campaign adviser, said he believed the GOP had lost its moral authority to govern, because it was no longer committed to equality for all Americans.

And that was before Trump’s latest uproar.

Trump’s decision to spend days verbally attacking the Khans may wind up being the biggest blow of all to his tenuous relationship with the GOP.

Trump exacerbated his schism with the party Tuesday when he refused to endorse Ryan and another senior Republican running for reelection, Sen. John McCain of Arizona. In another unusual move, Trump’s running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, announced Wednesday that he is endorsing Speaker Ryan.

""I strongly support Paul Ryan, strongly endorse his reelection,"" Governor Pence said emphatically Wednesday on Fox News.

Both Ryan and McCain had endorsed Trump, despite their clear discomfort with his candidacy over both his bombastic style and positions that don’t square with party orthodoxy.

But the Republican Party is a club, and the rules are the rules, unwritten though they are. When the party appears headed toward selecting a nominee, the party closes ranks around that person, for better or worse.

With Trump, there’s been a whole lot more “worse” than “better” lately.

It has reached the point where allies of Trump – RNC chairman Reince Priebus, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani – are reportedly plotting an intervention with the candidate to get him to “reset” his campaign.

But few have serious hope that Trump is really willing to change his ways. Trump has said that he knows how to be “presidential” – but chooses not to. His current shtick has taken him far, he says, so why change? He’ll be presidential after he defeats Clinton, he adds.

In other words, this Trump – the unpredictable, populist, mesmerizing, profane Trump – is the nominee, and the one the party will ride all the way to November. Or maybe not.

Word on Wednesday morning that RNC officials were contemplating the possibility that Trump might quit – leaving it up to the 168-member RNC to find a replacement – seemed to send public discourse into the realm of political science fiction.

But really, the idea that Trump may not last three more months as the GOP nominee seemed to reflect more the confusion and frustration of party leaders over Trump’s behavior than any real prospect that the hyper-competitive Trump might actually drop out.

The GOP arrived at this point, in part, by happenstance.

When 17 candidates ran for the Republican nomination, there was nothing the party leadership could do to winnow the field, and anoint an “establishment” favorite who could take on the outsiders – not only Trump but also Texas Sen. Ted Cruz. The “invisible primary” – in which fundraising, debates, endorsements, and poll numbers present an early picture of candidate strength – left the field large right up until the first caucus.

Trump’s distinct style and populist message broke through the clutter of the large field, and sent him to the top of the heap.

But a large field in and of itself wouldn’t necessarily lead to the potential demise of the Republican Party. It is Trump himself who is taking the GOP to the point of no return, some say. In the view of Avik Roy, it is the party’s dark racial past that has been its own undoing – a past that Trump has played to in courting white working-class voters.

Roy traces the problem back to 1964, when the party nominated Barry Goldwater for president – the original “movement” conservative. He calls Senator Goldwater’s nomination a “historical disaster,” because “for the ensuing decades, it identified Democrats as the party of civil rights and Republicans as the party opposed to civil rights.”

Michael Gerson, former speechwriter for President George W. Bush, tells the same story in a different way. He writes of visiting the National Civil Rights Museum in Memphis on the same day that Trump was attacking the Khans. Mr. Gerson sees in that attack a repudiation of what Abraham Lincoln, the first Republican president, and the Rev. Martin Luther King stood for.

“Those who support Trump are setting the Republican Party at odds with the American story told by Lincoln and King: a nationalism defined by striving toward unifying ideals of freedom and human dignity,” Mr. Gerson writes.

At this point, that’s unlikely to happen. Most Republicans say they’d rather stick with the nominee they have, no matter how flawed, than blow up the party before Election Day by abandoning him. But if Trump loses, a period of time in the wilderness may be beneficial to the party, they add.",1
2476,ObamaCare's future: 11 ways the health care law could be dismantled in 2015,"“Everything you have seen here has been an illusion.” Those are not the words of President Obama. But given what we now know about ObamaCare, they well could have been.

Instead, they are the words of Eisenheim, a 19th century master magician in the fictional film, “The Illusionist.” And, just like Obama, he uses his abilities to fool the masses into believing that his artifices are quite real.

The president sold his health care plan on the promise that it would help Americans who had no insurance, but all others would remain unaffected. It proved to be an illusion.

Millions of Americans lost their insurance, their doctors, and their hospitals. Average premiums did not go down by $2,500, as promised. They went up appreciably, rendering the term, “ Care Act,” an oxymoron.

The tax was cleverly disguised as a penalty because, as Jonathan Gruber the so-called architect of the ACA confessed recently, Americans are stupid. And the quintessential cover-up obscured the identity of those who would pay for it:young, healthy individuals subsidizing older, sick people. It was a scheme of deception designed to fool Americans. An artifice. In a court of law, it would be called fraud.

Either the president knew his promises were untrue and deliberately set out to deceive Americans or he inexplicably believed it was true but did not bother to read or understand the bill he signed into law. Which means he was both naïve and incompetent, but slightly better than malicious. No mea culpa will ever undo the damage.

What can be undone are key parts of ObamaCare. Republicans are vowing to try. Some Democrats, fraught with buyer’s remorse, may join them.

All the impassioned rhetoric about repealing ObamaCare in its entirety is nothing more than political phantasm.The new Senate does not have a veto-proof majority of 67 votes. It's simple math.

Republicans will, of course, pursue the charade because that is one of Washington’s quaint traditions. But once the symbolic pretense is over, the new Congress may go about disassembling ObamaCare, piecemeal. How exactly? Here are some of the ways:

1. Revisit the employer mandate. Under ObamaCare, companies with at least 50 full-time employees are required to provide insurance. Under pressure from businesses and even members of his own party, Obama delayed implementation. Republicans would like to kill it completely, but this is a long shot.

2. Revisit the individual mandate.All Americans are forced to buy health insurance or face a tax penalty. Although it remains the most unpopular part of ObamaCare, the Supreme Court narrowly upheld this provision. Removing it from the health care law would undermine the premise and financial stability of ACA which means the president would surely put ink on a veto. So this is the longest of long shots.

3. Repeal the medical device tax. The tax on medical devices helps generate revenue to pay for low-income subsidies. But the 2.3 % tax also hurts manufacturers and has a negative impact on the economy. There is bipartisan support for repealing the tax and it probably has the best prospect of passage.

4. Revisit what constitutes ""full time"" employment. Changing the definition of “full time” employee from 30 hours to 40 hours per week would allow many businesses to hire more people without being forced to provide employer coverage. It would help stem job losses caused by the law. This idea is gaining traction.

5. Federal reimbursements. The federal government is required to reimburse insurance companies when their costs end up higher than anticipated. Derided as a blatant “bail-out,” it could be on the chopping block.

6. Medical board. Written into the ACA law is an Independent Payment Advisory Board which oversees health care pricing.The much maligned board has yet to be activated, so repeal stands a decent chance of happening.

7. Lowering subsidies. ObamaCare could be made more affordable to the government if subsidies given to low-income enrollees were reduced. Obviously, this would increase the cost to participants, but modifying the subsidies has some support.

8. New “copper” plan. Creating a new, lower cost category of ObamaCare coverage would reduce the high price of premiums, but increase out-of-pocket expenses born by participants.This would attract those who must comply with the law but desire the lowest cost available. It might also spawn creation of additional low cost plans which consumers crave. It is doable.

9. Withhold funding.Not all ObamaCare funding is mandatory.Some administrative costs, for example, are funded through discretionary appropriations. Congress could vote to stop funding for certain provisions, making full implementation difficult. However, the president could veto such a spending bill even in the face of another government shutdown.

10. Republican alternatives.With both houses of Congress now in its control, the GOP will likely intensify the push for its own alternative ideas: bills that would allow people to purchase insurance across state lines to increase competition and lower premium prices, promote health savings accounts, permit small businesses to “pool” their employees together to gain better insurance rates and coverage, tax credits for those individuals without employer provided insurance, limiting medical malpractice awards which are a driver of overall health costs, and Medicaid reform.

11. Supreme Court decision. Beyond congressional action, the U.S. Supreme Court is poised to hear a formidable challenge to ObamaCare which could seriously destabilize the law. A key provision requires that subsidies be given to eligible individuals enrolled through an “exchange established by the state.” It was purportedly designed as an incentive for states to set-up their own exchanges. However, 37 states chose not to do so, relying, instead, on federal exchanges. Supporters of ObamaCare claim it was merely a hasty mistake -- some have called it a ""typo.""

If the high court disagrees by ruling that some 5 million people on federal exchanges are not eligible for financial assistance under the plain meaning of the statute, this could shatter the financial underpinnings of ObamaCare.

Of course, predicting how the Supremes will rule is a fool’s errand. But one thing is certain, the president cannot now go back to Congress to try to fix the textual language of his signature achievement. Republicans will control both houses in 2015.

There have been 42 significant changes to ObamaCare so far, 24 of them ordered unilaterally by the president. Setting aside the question of his legal authority to do, all these revisions underscore what an ill-conceived and poorly crafted law this was from the outset. But it also belies another promise averred by Obama that his new law would be fair.

It is hardly fair to enforce the mandate on individual Americans, while granting a myriad of waivers, exemptions, exceptions and delays for select businesses and unions who supported the president.

Polls show that Americans were overwhelmingly against ObamaCare before it ever passed.Their antipathy has remained constant, as people continue to recoil from an unpopular law that deprives them of their freedom of choice in matters which are inherently personal -- their health. They resent such decisions being made for them by their government. A new Gallup poll finds a majority of Americans (56 %) disapprove of ObamaCare, while 37 % approve.

Obama has only himself to blame for the manifest flaws in his grand illusion. Driven by an authoritarian impulse, he forced ObamaCare through a compliant Democratically controlled Congress, never giving anyone a chance to digest the 2,700 page bill and what it might portend for America.

Obama’s promised transparency was a concomitant fraud epitomized by then-House leader Nancy Pelosi when she sputtered one of the most baffling and incomprehensible lines in American politics, “we have to pass the bill, so that you can find out what’s in it.”

Well, now we know.

The wreckage wrought by ObamaCare is strewn across the landscape of American lives. People have seen their premiums rise, deductibles escalate, benefits decline, quality of care diminish, plans cancelled and doctors vanish.

For what? When he began his first term, President Obama vowed his health care law “will cover every American.” Yet, 41 million Americans are still uninsured.Is the law worth the $2 trillion dollars in taxpayer expense and the loss of 2.5 million jobs, as estimated by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office?

Our president thinks so. He insists he is proud of the pejorative, “ObamaCare.” If so, he is a modern-day Eisenheim, America’s “illusionist,” fooling no one but himself.

Gregg Jarrett is a Fox News Anchor and former defense attorney.",1
3672,Motive elusive in deadly San Bernardino rampage as FBI takes over probe,"SAN BERNARDINO, Calif. — Authorities were still trying Thursday to establish a motive for the deadliest U.S. mass shooting in nearly three years, even as they revealed that the two attackers had amassed a large stockpile of explosives and ammunition.

The rampage killed 14 people, wounded 21 and locked down a swath of Southern California for much of the day Wednesday as investigators scrambled to determine whether they were looking at a terrorist attack or an extremely unusual and lethal case of workplace violence.

The killers were a young husband and wife who welcomed the birth of a daughter just six months ago and showed no outward sign of Islamist radicalization, psychological distress or a desire for mayhem. The couple were slain in a wild police shootout on a residential street four hours after the massacre.

The FBI, which has authority to investigate potential terrorism, announced Thursday that it had taken over the investigation. Authorities were carefully picking through three crime scenes: the Inland Regional Center, where the mass shooting occurred; the San Bernardino street where the couple died in the gun battle with police; and the couple’s rented home in Redlands, Calif., where robots helped investigators root out an arsenal of pipe bombs and thousands of bullets.

Police identified the shooters as Syed Rizwan Farook, 28, a county health worker born in Chicago, and Tashfeen Malik, 27, his Pakistani wife, who was in the United States on a visa.

[‘I’ll take a bullet before you do': Scenes from the San Bernardino shooting]

Farook, who had a college degree in environmental health and a steady job as a health inspector, traveled to Saudi Arabia and Pakistan last year and returned with Malik, whom he had met online. They were married in the United States, police said.

Authorities have said the two were not on any watch lists. A senior U.S. law enforcement official said that Farook was in contact with persons of interest with possible ties to terrorism but that these were not “substantial” contacts.

Farook’s supervisor, Amanda Adair, who also went to college with him at California State University at San Bernardino, said he “got along with everybody, but he kept his distance.” She said that she “can’t imagine [the shooting] was about work” and that she had no inkling that Farook had the capacity for such violence.

Without a firmly established motive, authorities said Thursday that they could not determine whether they were dealing with terrorists, a disgruntled worker who had enlisted his wife in his cause, or some kind of hybrid of those two scenarios.

“We do not yet know the motive,” David Bow­dich, assistant director in charge of the FBI’s Los Angeles office, said at a news conference. “It would be irresponsible and premature for me to call this terrorism.”

The case doesn’t fit any familiar template. If it was terrorism, why would the shooters target co-workers in a small city that many Americans couldn’t find on a map, rather than some more spectacular target? If it was workplace violence, why build up an arsenal of bullets and pipe bombs?

[“I’ve never witnessed something so sad in my life': Stories of the San Bernardino victims]

“It is possible this was terrorist-related, but we don’t know,” President Obama said Thursday in somber remarks in the Oval Office. “It is also possible this was workplace-related.”

Mark Pitcavage, director of the Center on Extremism for the Anti-Defamation League, said that “based on what is known now about the case, it certainly is unusual and does not fit neatly into any of the traditional models of violence that we’re familiar with.”

Police said Farook and Malik were dressed in tactical gear and armed with rifles, handguns and multiple ammunition magazines when, at about 11 a.m., they strode into a conference room where about 80 people were gathered for a staff training session that was transitioning into a holiday party.

They opened fire, spraying 65 to 75 rounds and hitting more than a third of the people. A bullet struck a sprinkler head, and the sprinklers began soaking the room as the fire alarms went off. The shooters fled in a rented black Ford Expedition, leaving behind a bag with three pipe bombs designed to be triggered with a remote-control device from the SUV. The device malfunctioned.

San Bernardino police Lt. Mike Madden, the first law enforcement officer to arrive at the center, described the fresh scent of gunpowder and a horrifying scene for which years of training had not fully prepared him.

“The situation was surreal,” Madden said Thursday. “It was unspeakable, the carnage we were seeing.”

Farook had been with his colleagues at the party earlier in the morning, police said. Authorities could not say conclusively whether there had been a dispute that led Farook to leave the party. But police said a survivor of the shooting told them that Farook slipped away before the massacre.

That tip led police to check Farook’s name, which led to the discovery that he had rented an SUV that matched the description of the getaway car.

Soon, authorities were staking out the couple’s home in Redlands, a suburb 15 minutes to the east. Several hours after the shooting, the SUV rolled by and then sped away, and police gave chase.

The SUV stopped on San Bernardino Avenue, a few miles from the massacre. Cellphone videos captured the furious gun battle that followed. Police said the couple fired 76 rifle rounds; police fired 380.

Farook and Malik died at the scene. Two officers were injured, but the wounds were not life-threatening. The SUV, so riddled with bullets that it looked as if it had been hit with a bomb, was due back at the rental agency that day, police said.

Police found more than 1,600 rounds of ammunition on or near the couple, suggesting that they were prepared for a long siege. Police recovered two assault rifles and two 9mm pistols, all legally purchased, according to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. Two of the weapons were traced to one of the assailants, said Dannette Seward, an ATF spokeswoman, while the other two were traced to another person who has not been publicly identified.

[The striking difference between the San Bernardino suspects and other mass shooters]

“The FBI is chasing down any contacts these two may have had and whether those contacts are indicative of radicalization or external plotting or are purely incidental,” said Rep. Adam B. Schiff (Calif.), the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee.

Schiff, who was briefed Thursday on the attack, said that “on the basis of what I heard and where the [FBI] was, I wouldn’t conclude that there was radicalization here.”

The congressman said the shooting also did not appear to be “an act of spontaneous workplace violence.” But, he said, it could have been the culmination of a longer-term grievance.

“There appears to be a degree of planning that went into this,” San Bernardino Police Chief Jarrod Burguan said. “Nobody just gets upset at a party, goes home and puts together that kind of elaborate scheme or plan.”

[Hours before San Bernardino shooting, doctors urged Congress to lift funding ban on gun violence research]

At a morning news conference, authorities said they had gathered a number of items that were being analyzed to investigate the couple’s digital trail, including thumb drives, computers and cellphones. But the two had left behind remarkably little in the way of a digital record — no apparent criminal record, no Facebook page, no Twitter account.

Speaking to the Los Angeles Times, co-workers who knew Farook described him as a quiet, polite man who held no obvious grudges­ against people in the office. The office had recently held a shower for the couple’s baby, and the two seemed to be “living the American Dream,” Patrick Baccari, a fellow inspector who shared a cubicle with Farook, told the Times.

[It is incredibly rare for there to be multiple mass shooters — or for them to be women]

A number of families in this city were shattered by Wednesday’s violence. On Thursday, officials released the names of the 14 people slain at the holiday party. The eight men and six women ranged in age from 26 to 60. One ran the coffee shop in the building. Twelve of the 14 were county employees.

Shaken, too, were Muslims in Southern California. At the Islamic Society of Corona-Norco, Ray Abboud said Muslims were horrified by the shooting. He said he fears people will paint Muslims with one brush.

“It breaks our hearts to see 14 people die,” Abboud said. “We feel sorry for everything that happened, but we can’t blame ourselves for being Muslim.”

He said people in the community were keeping a close watch on their children “to make sure they don’t fall into any crazy stuff.”

Before the attack, Farook and Malik dropped off their 6-month-old daughter with Farook’s mother, saying they had a doctor’s appointment, according to Hussam Ayloush, executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations in Los Angeles. The council organized a news conference late Wednesday featuring Farhan Khan, who is married to Farook’s sister.

“I have no idea why he would do something like this,” Khan said of his brother-in-law. “I cannot express how sad I am today.”

[The inspiring work done at the disability center]

Berman and Achenbach reported from Washington. Freelance writers Martha Groves and William Dauber in San Bernardino and staff writers Greg Miller, Brian Murphy, Adam Goldman, Lindsey Bever, Niraj Chokshi, Ann Gerhart, Sari Horwitz, Elahe Izadi, Wesley Lowery, Eli Saslow, Kevin Sullivan, Julie Tate, Justin Wm. Moyer, Yanan Wang, Sarah Kaplan and Alice Crites in Washington contributed to this report.

[This story has been updated. First published: 11:30 a.m.]",1
3011,Orrin Hatch explains friendship with Muhammad Ali,"Muhammad Ali was beloved around the world, but perhaps one of his unlikeliest friends was Sen. Orrin Hatch, who remembered the three-time heavyweight champion at his funeral on Friday.

The Utah Republican said Ali's commitment to finding common ground with people different from himself was one of his greatest gifts.

Speaking at Ali's funeral in Louisville, Kentucky, Hatch said the two met 28 years ago when an assistant told him he had a visitor in his Senate office. The two bonded over their love of boxing, as Hatch was once an amateur boxer.

""I was very surprised that it was none other than the champion,"" Hatch said. ""The friendship we developed, I think it was puzzling to many people -- especially those who saw only our differences.""

""But where others saw difference, Ali and I saw kinship,"" he added. The two men shared humble childhoods in working-class cities, a high value of family and deep devotions to their faiths. Hatch said these things were the foundation of ""a rich and meaningful relationship."" ""True, we were different in some ways, but our differences fortified our friendships, they did not define it,"" Hatch said. ""I saw greatness in Ali's ability to look beyond the horizon and our differences to find common ground.""",1
5276,Could Trump switch gears? The line of attack against Hillary that could hurt her path to the White House,"On Wednesday, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump delivered a planned speech on his Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton, and according to Slate columnist and Clinton supporter Michelle Goldberg, it was “probably the most unnervingly effective one he has ever given,” in which he skillfully combined “truth and falsehood into a plausible-seeming picture meant to reinforce listeners’ underlying beliefs.”

Though packed with fabrications as usual, the Republican presidential nominee avoided blatant and obvious lies, bizarre conspiracy theories (although he did claim that foreign governments may have a “blackmail file” on Clinton while discussing the email scandal, which is entering Alex Jones territory), and personal insults — all of which he had previously employed in his attacks on Clinton. Again, the speech was extremely dishonest in many parts, but the falsehoods were more subtle and less downright loony, and thus much more effective.

Over the past couple of weeks, Trump has done a lot to sabotage his own campaign — from his racist attacks on the Hispanic judge overseeing the class-action lawsuit against Trump University to his shameless Tweet congratulating himself after the Orlando mass shooting. This has led some to conclude that the billionaire doesn’t really want to be president (and really, who can blame him?) and is deliberately running his campaign into a wall. Since becoming the nominee almost two months ago, his already atrocious favorability ratings have continued to drop, and according to a Bloomberg survey from last week, 66 percent of Americans now view him unfavorably.

There is no doubt that the election is Clinton’s to lose. The former Secretary of State’s campaign is a well-oiled machine that currently has about forty times as much cash on hand as the Trump campaign. And while Clinton is overwhelmingly distrusted (and disliked) by the public, the idea of a Donald Trump presidency tends to scare more than half of Americans, and he has done a great job at repelling women and people of color over the past year.

However, if Trump can refrain from attacking Bill Clinton’s infidelities and accusing the couple of plotting the murder of a friend and colleague (Vince Foster), and instead make substantive criticisms (and there are plenty of substantive criticisms to be made), he could potentially make Clinton’s life much more difficult in the months ahead.

Of course, it is unlikely that Trump will actually do this — he has proven time and again that he has a natural aversion towards substantive debate, and prefers touting conspiracy theories and making personal attacks. He is an impulsive bully whose propensity for pettiness knows no bounds. But the sheer political baggage of Clinton does make her very vulnerable indeed.

From her ties to big Wall Street firms like Goldman Sachs (whether in campaign contributions or paid speeches) to the Clinton Foundation’s financial connections to foreign governments like Saudi Arabia, along with ugly and inconvenient truths — like the fact that Clinton’s state department approved massive arms deals with the aforementioned country after it had donated millions to her and Bill’s non-profit, or the fact that Bill earned the highest paid speeches of his post-presidency career while his wife was Secretary of State, most of which were sponsored by foreign governments and foreign organizations.

If Trump sticks to these kinds of facts in his criticisms of Clinton — without straying into Alex Jones (or Donald Trump the mindless bully) territory — Hillary’s path to the White House could become increasingly complicated. It does make you wonder: after being dogged by scandals and conspiracy theories ever since they entered the national spotlight, did Hillary and Bill think that giving high-priced speeches for publicly despised  companies like Goldman Sachs and General Electric, accepting millions of dollars from foreign governments and organizations for their foundation, or cozying up with shady donors like Sant Chatwal and Frank Giustra (all of these companies, individuals, and governments are interested in buying influence, and to say otherwise is delusional) would be ignored by their opponents? As I have previously noted, it takes a special kind of arrogance to think this way, although it’s possible that Hillary expected her Republican opponent to be even more tainted by big donors (being a Republican and all).

Of course, Donald Trump is an entirely different kind of corrupt. He hasn’t been in politics his entire life and doesn’t have a history of accepting big donations from Wall Street and corporate America. Instead, the billionaire is simply a charlatan and a fraud — whether it’s swindling vulnerable working people into buying sham Trump University degrees or fear-mongering, bullying and flagrantly lying his way to the nomination. Trump is the lovechild of P.T. Barnum and George Wallace; a shameless self-promoter with an ego that makes Kanye West look humble and a temperament that makes Joe McCarthy seem refined.

And these qualities will probably get the better of him in the months ahead. The buffoonish billionaire will most likely continue rambling incoherently about conspiracy theories that he’s read on Infowars.com and mocking Bubba’s infidelities, and for this, Clinton should be grateful.",1
4313,How Republicans saved Hillary Clinton. Again.,"For months, Hillary Rodham Clinton’s presidential campaign labored listlessly under a cloud of doubt after revelations that she had a private e-mail server during her time as secretary of state.

Then, Republicans, as they so often do, overreached on their Clinton attacks and handed the Democratic front-runner a message and momentum that she had struggled mightily to build on her own.

First, Rep. Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) went on Fox News and, floundering to prove his conservative bona fides to be speaker of the House, said this to Fox News host Sean Hannity: “Everybody thought that Hillary Clinton was unbeatable, right? But we put together a Benghazi special committee, a select committee. What are her numbers today? Her numbers are dropping.”

Then there was the hearing last week — more than two years in the making (Clinton last testified before Congress on Benghazi in January 2013) — that flopped mightily for Republicans. Eleven hours worth of questions left the GOP looking small and Clinton looking calm, cool and collected. Even Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.), chairman of the House Select Committee on Benghazi, admitted in the hearing’s wake, “I don’t know that [Clinton] testified that much differently today than she has the previous time she testified.”

For longtime Clinton watchers — and I count myself in that category — the pattern was remarkably familiar. Republicans, handed a potent issue (and the controversy over Clinton’s private e-mail server is one), try to knock the Clintons out and instead swing, miss and fall on their collective face.

Think back to the late 1990s, when, after admitting to an extramarital affair with a White House intern, Bill Clinton found himself more popular than ever — particularly among Democrats — after congressional Republicans tried to impeach him despite the public’s skepticism about whether such a punishment was warranted.

Eerie similarities echo between that moment and this one for Republicans in Congress. Unquestionably, the revelation that Clinton exclusively used a private e-mail address and server while she was the nation’s top diplomat had damaged her front-running campaign for the Democratic nomination. Her lead over Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) had shrunk, and large majorities of the public said she was neither honest nor trustworthy.

Most important for Clinton was that establishment Democrats began to openly fret that perhaps she simply wasn’t up to the race and that someone else — such as Vice President Biden — needed to step into the breach.

McCarthy’s comments provided Clinton with overwhelming proof (at least to Democrats) that the Benghazi committee was effectively political theater designed to damage her chances of winning in 2016.

The hearing itself allowed Clinton a platform that was perfectly suited to her strengths — preparation and a remarkable tirelessness — and on which she, unsurprisingly, shined. Clinton looked in control, poised and smart. The majority of her Republican interrogators looked outmatched.

Democrats noticed. The hour after the end of the committee hearing — 9 p.m. to 10 p.m. Eastern time Thursday — was the most lucrative 60 minutes of fundraising in Clinton’s campaign.

And suddenly Clinton wasn’t the boring candidate of the status quo anymore. She was the target of — wait for it — a vast right-wing conspiracy aimed at, yet again, playing politics in hopes of hurting her chances of being elected to office.

The campaign is — and this is so obvious that it is probably not worth saying — far from over. The Iowa caucuses aren’t for about 100 more days, and the general election is a year away. Lots can, and will, change.

It is also obvious that the past two weeks have been the best two weeks of Clinton’s campaign. She has gone from flagging front-runner to rejuvenated fighter — a much better look if you want to, you know, win.

Not all of the Clinton renaissance can be credited to or blamed on Republicans. Her strong performance in the first Democratic presidential debate was all her doing, and Biden’s decision not to run seems only tangentially tied to her strengthening of late.

But the Clintons have always been at their best when under fire from the other side; Hillary Clinton, in particular, is a better counter-puncher than a first-strike player.

For some reason, Republicans have never learned that lesson. Over the past month, they have pulled off a trick that Clinton never could seem to do herself: They have turned her into a sympathetic and more appealing figure for Democrats and lots of independents — whom she will need in a general election.

If she wins the White House in November 2016, Clinton should send thank-you notes to McCarthy, Gowdy and the rest of the House Republicans. They may have saved her candidacy.",1
2571,The best evidence yet that Republicans won't do anything on immigration in 2015,"Are Republicans going to use their control of Congress to pass immigration reform in 2015? The short answer is no.

Here's the best reason to think that they won't: if Republicans were serious about passing immigration reform next year, you'd at least see Republican officials and pundits saying so on Spanish-language media, to reach out to Latino voters. But they're not.

On the election night edition of Univision's nightly news broadcast (which only lasted an hour, from 11:30pm to 12:30am Eastern, rather than the all-night orgy of English language news networks), immigration was the first issue that came up in any segment. And while everyone on the broadcast agreed that immigration reform needed to happen, no one was willing to say that the Republican Congress would take it on.

When Univision interviewed an actual Republican member of Congress — newly elected Florida congressman Carlos Curbelo (who beat one-term Democrat Joe Garcia, a big supporter of immigration reform) — he was openly supportive of immigration reform, saying (in Spanish) ""I'm ready to go to Washington to work with Republicans and Democrats to achieve it."" But he didn't make any promises that Republicans are about to take up the issue. In fact, Curbelo wasn't terribly eager to defend his colleagues-to-be: ""We have to be honest. Yes, there are Republicans in the House who've blocked immigration reform. I've criticized them — just like I've criticized the president for using the issue for politics, and failing to keep his promises.""

During an analysis segment (also in Spanish), host Jorge Ramos pressed Republican analyst Mercedes Schlapp on whether Republicans would really do immigration reform. Her response began with ""Bueno, yo espero que hagan algo"" — ""Well, I hope they do something."" Instead of making any predictions about whether the Republican Congress would, she made a point that Univision viewers are very familiar with: that Republicans ""tienen que, en alguna manera, buscar solución"" — ""they have to find some sort of solution"" — if they want to compete for the Latino vote in the 2016 presidential election.

Schlapp did say that the Republican leaders of both chambers of Congress — incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, and Speaker of the House John Boehner — understood the need for Republicans to take up immigration. But Republican leaders in Congress, themselves, haven't been so clear. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, who's laid out the most detailed agenda so far for a Republican Congress in 2015 and 2016, didn't do anything more than ""(leave) open the possibility"" of some unspecified immigration bill.

What Republicans on Congress appear to agree on, however, is that any executive action by Obama on the issue of immigration is going to ""poison the well"" (in Speaker Boehner's words) for Congress to do anything about it. On Wednesday, incoming Majority Leader McConnell compared executive action on immigration to ""waving a red flag in front of a bull."" If congressional Republicans plan to make an exception to their recalcitrance so that they can get a border-security bill passed, they're certainly not mentioning it. (Bulls aren't known for only busting through particular aisles of china shops.)

Schlapp mentioned executive action on immigration as a possible obstacle to a Republican immigration bill. Curbelo didn't. But neither of them left Spanish speakers on Tuesday night with any impression that the incoming Republican Congress is committed to immigration reform.",1
4951,Axelrod: Can Ailes tame Trump?,"David Axelrod is CNN's senior political commentator and host of the podcast "" The Axe Files. "" He was senior adviser to President Barack Obama and chief strategist for the 2008 and 2012 Obama campaigns. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.

(CNN) About a half century ago, a journeyman ballplayer named Rocky Bridges made his debut as the manager of the San Jose Bees, a desultory California League team.

The day was marred, however, when the hapless Bees missed signs, dropped balls and were generally routed.

""I managed good,"" a frustrated Bridges recalled in a Sports Illustrated profile, ""but boy did they play bad.""

All of this is to say: good luck to Donald Trump's new managers.

Trapped in what appears to be a political death spiral, the bilious billionaire has once again shuffled his leadership team.

Paul Manafort, a veteran political operative who took over in the spring from the loyal but volatile Corey Lewandowski, apparently has been shoved aside for a new ruling junta.

We're told that Manafort will also be part of the junta. But having been an adviser to deposed Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych and Philippines strongman Ferdinand Marcos, Manafort surely recognizes a coup when he sees one.

But in fairness, Trump's precipitous slide in the polls since the conventions in July could hardly be blamed on the manager.

Hours after the gavel fell at the Democratic convention, Trump kicked off a dizzying 10-day spasm of off-the-wall comments and tweets that seemed to confirm the thesis advanced by the Democrats in Philly: He's not ready for the nuclear codes.

I am certain that none of this came at the suggestion of Paul Manafort, though Manafort gamely defended his man in the ensuing uproar. But there really was no adequate defense.

Attempts by the campaign to tether Trump to a TelePrompTer and script provided only intermittent relief. Arming him with charts to discipline his presentations also failed.

Trump's appalling distemper following a well-executed Democratic convention transformed what had been, at least in polling, a relatively close race.

Now he has brought in a new management team, led by Stephen Bannon , a former Goldman Sachs banker and chairman of Breitbart News. Bannon has never run a campaign at any level, much less one for president, which is a highly complex and specialized challenge.

His new governing partner, Kellyanne Conway, has extensive campaign experience -- but as a pollster, not a manager.

Trump also reportedly is consulting Roger Ailes, the former CEO of Fox News who was recently forced out amid sexual harassment charges, to help coach him for the impending presidential debates.

Ailes is what the other new additions are not.

The brutal, negative ad campaign Ailes ran against Democratic nominee Michael Dukakis remains a classic of political advertising.

Ailes knows campaigns, television and presidential debates, which could be an asset to Trump. Stellar debate performances may now be his only chance.

But that would presume the candidate's ability to listen, work, study, internalize and execute, a capacity we have not seen in this campaign.

The presence of Ailes, whose edgy television channel became a rallying point for conservatives, and Bannon, whose right-wing news website is also notoriously pugilistic, portends a bloody fall campaign. And in the ever-combative Trump, they will find a willing deliverer of missiles.

The question with Trump is always, where will they land?

Even if Trump were adding the greatest political team in history, which he is not, the problem is not the campaign. The problem is the candidate, whose allergy to substance and impulse to react angrily -- and often tastelessly -- to any provocation has unnerved voters.

In the primaries, his ""shoot first, ask questions later"" style was enough to ignite his base, but that very quality has become a liability now that he has to expand beyond it.

Maybe ""Trump Team Three"" has the magic elixir.

More likely, however, they will be left shaking their heads like old Rocky Bridges as they watch their candidate play.",1
1879,How Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign machine will kick into gear,"This story has been updated.

Hillary Rodham Clinton will formally enter the presidential race with an announcement on Sunday followed by appearances on the campaign trail next week, three people familiar with her plans said on Friday, ending months of anticipation surrounding the overwhelming favorite for the Democratic nomination.

Clinton plans to launch her campaign via social media and with a video on Sunday articulating her rationale for seeking the White House. She'll then travel to the first-in-the-nation caucus state of Iowa early next week for campaign events, these people said. She is expected to hold mostly small discussion events with voters designed to help the former secretary of state connect with ordinary Americans and listen to their concerns, forgoing the large rallies and traditional announcement speeches of some of her Republican rivals.

Behind the scenes, meanwhile, Clinton's fundraising machine is revving up. Her top bundlers are plotting aggressive outreach to thousands of Democratic donors over the weekend and into next week urging them to immediately send checks and make donations online as soon as the Clinton campaign's Web site goes live.

Democratic strategists, advisers and fundraisers described Clinton's plans only on the condition of anonymity because she and her team have not yet finalized all aspects of her campaign rollout. Her official spokespeople declined to comment.

Clinton's Sunday announcement would come one day before the expected campaign launch of Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), who is planning a major speech to supporters on Monday afternoon at Miami's iconic Freedom Tower. Sens. Ted Cruz (Tex.) and Rand Paul (Ky.) are the only two major Republican candidates who already have officially entered the race.

For months, Clinton, like many Republican contenders, has been assembling a campaign-in-waiting. Widely considered by Democrats to be the heir apparent to President Obama, Clinton has hired several of Obama's top campaign strategists to work on her 2016 bid and dozens of staffers, including in the early caucus and primary states of Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada and South Carolina. Last week, the Clinton team signed a lease on office space in Brooklyn, N.Y., as her national campaign headquarters.

Ahead of the campaign launch, Clinton released a new epilogue on Friday for ""Hard Choices,"" her State Department memoir that is coming out this month in paperback. The chapter touches on an array of issues, from her relationship with Obama to economic mobility to childhood education. She writes about her desire for every American in the 21st century to have an equal and fair shot at economic success, a theme she has highlighted in her public speeches over the past year.

Clinton ends the epilogue by ruminating about a ""memory quilt"" she received as a gift after her granddaughter's birth: ""I wondered for a moment what a quilt of my own life would look like. . . . There was so much more to do. So many more panels waiting to be filled in. I folded up the quilt and got back to work.”

[A new campaign slogan for Hillary Rodham Clinton: Think small]

Using a social media launch for her campaign, rather than a boisterous and celebratory rally, is a deliberate attempt by Clinton and her advisers to avoid the pitfalls that tripped her up in her 2008 presidential campaign, when she was heavily favored at the outset but ultimately defeated by Obama. Clinton suffered from criticism then that she appeared as if she felt entitled to the nomination and often came off as flat and uninspired on the stump in front of large crowds.

The go-slow, go-small strategy, Democratic advisers say, plays to her strengths, allowing her to meet voters in intimate settings where her humor, humility and policy expertise can show through.

That approach is modeled on the listening tour she conducted across New York state at the start of her successful 2000 Senate race. Longtime advisers and allies said Clinton wants to reestablish the connection with voters and regular people she had in that campaign, when she traveled into diners and people’s living rooms and kitchens to listen to their concerns.

Jay Jacobs, a former New York Democratic Party chairman and longtime Clinton friend and supporter, said the 2000 listening tour became “a two-way conversation that impressed voters not by just what she said, but by how intently she listened. I think that’s Hillary. That’s something that has worked before, and it’ll work again.”

Jacobs, who recently met privately with Clinton when she addressed his group of the American Camp Association in Atlantic City, N.J., said Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign will not be “reactive.”

“It will be one that really presents Hillary Clinton to the voters as she is known by people who are close to her: as a very warm, genuine, thoughtful, certainly intelligent, regular person,” Jacobs said. “There’s been so much that we’ve seen that seems to create an image, by the press and by others, those who are looking to derail her, but now the voters are going to hear from Hillary and they’re going to see Hillary.”

Within hours of news reports Friday morning that Clinton would launch her campaign this weekend, the Republican National Committee announced an online ad as part of its ""#StopHillary"" campaign to highlight scandals over her use of private e-mail at the State Department and foreign donations to her family's charitable foundation.

“From the East Wing to the State Department, Hillary Clinton has left a trail of secrecy, scandal and failed liberal policies that no image consultant can erase,” RNC Chairman Reince Priebus said in a statement. “Voters want to elect someone they can trust and Hillary's record proves that she cannot be trusted. We must 'Stop Hillary.'”

Clinton's fundraising team is standing by for the launch of her Web site, when the campaign can begin accepting donations online. One priority is creating a robust small-donor network similar to the Obama campaign's vaunted list from his 2008 and 2012 campaigns, and Clinton advisers see her announcement period as a ripe opportunity.

“We’re going to have to raise as much money as possible,” said one Clinton fundraiser who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss the campaign’s internal plans. “We’re not going to take it slow. The announcement is a good time to raise money, and we’ll have everyone out there asking people to support her candidacy.”

Several Clinton fundraisers described a rush of major donors wanting to get checks in the door on Day One of the campaign.

“All the horses are in the gate just waiting for those gates to open,” said John Morgan, a prominent Florida donor and Clinton fundraiser. “That’s how I describe the fundraising efforts. There’s really nothing to do until the gate opens. But the gate could open Sunday, and it could be the flood gate. The only issue they’ll have is how fast can they raise the money, because the money is pent up. And if they start holding events, the line will be around the block to host an event.”

Clinton's fundraising efforts are being directed by Dennis Cheng, who had been finance director at the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation. But the campaign is not expected to give titles to top bundlers or announce a list of finance committee chairs or members, according to Democrats with knowledge of the Clinton strategy.

Clinton’s focus for now will be on raising money just for the primary – with a cap of $2,700 a donor – through Internet appeals. That will free her up to spend time on the trail, talking to voters, rather than wooing wealthy donors at high-priced fundraisers.

“I don’t think the first thing out of the gate she should be doing is a bunch of big fundraising events,” said one senior party strategist.

This is a notable contrast to former Florida governor Jeb Bush, who has spent the better part of four months crisscrossing the country holding closed-door finance events for his Right to Rise political action committee and super PAC with tickets costing as much as $100,000 each.

“I think she’ll be in Iowa eating corn on the cob instead of clinking champagne flutes with donors,” Morgan said. “She can do this much quicker, much more efficiently because she’s not fighting for donors. Rubio, Bush, that whole crowd is in mortal combat for dollars. She’s not. That’s her advantage.”

Without a strong Democratic challenger on the horizon, Clinton does not feel the pressure to match the kind of “shock and awe” fundraising effort that Bush has been undertaking to scare off other Republican hopefuls. “They have the luxury of doing this the right way, and not trying to just see how much money they can hoover up,” the senior party strategist said.

In fact, Clinton’s team is wary of raising too much money too quickly -- creating a bulging war chest that could play to the inevitability theme she wants to avoid this time around.

Clinton will not be able to seed her new campaign with a major cash infusion as she did at the start of her 2008 campaign, when she transferred $10 million from her Senate reelection committee. That helped her post a record $36 million haul for her first fundraising quarter. Her 2008 presidential committee is shut down, and her Senate committee has just $158,000 left in reserves.

But her campaign this time will be able to build on the efforts of Ready for Hillary, an outside group started in 2013 to lay the groundwork for Clinton's campaign, which has held more than 1,000 grass-roots events across all 50 states in the past two years. In the process, the group amassed a donor pool of more than 135,000 people, the vast majority of whom gave contributions of $100 or less, according to super-PAC officials. Ready for Hillary also has cultivated a network of local organizers who could sign on for similar roles with the official campaign.

That could give Clinton a sizable head start over some of her Republican rivals in building a small-donor operation. Ready for Hillary will not be able to coordinate with Clinton once she announces, but it could share its list of supporters with her campaign through a list swap, campaign finance lawyers said.

But the group may not even have to take that step. Once Clinton declares her candidacy, the super PAC can simply direct its supporters to her Web site, allowing her campaign to quickly build a small-donor list.

And once she’s officially in, Ready for Hillary plans to post online the names of hundreds of donors who have given or raised more than $5,000, according to a person familiar with the plans. That list — which includes at least 222 donors who gave $25,000 — would be valuable not just for Clinton’s campaign but for Priorities USA, the high-dollar super PAC planning to finance a pro-Clinton television advertising campaign and now faces pressure to kick-start its fundraising.

Dan Balz and Matea Gold contributed to this report.",1
4004,"Iranian troops prepare to aid Russia with Syrian ground assault, officials say","More Iranian troops have arrived in Syria for an upcoming ground operation to accompany Russian airstrikes, defense officials confirm to Fox News.

“It has always been understood in this building that the Russians would provide the air force, and the Iranians would provide the ground force in Syria,” one official said.

Army Col. Steve Warren told reporters, “We know the Iranians are a part of this. We've known that since day one.”

The officials speaking to Fox News could not disclose the size of this new Iranian force due to the sensitivity of the information.

These Iranian forces are under the command of Maj. Gen. Qasem Soleimani, the Quds Force commander in charge of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard’s international operations, which runs a network of proxy forces throughout the Middle East, including Syria, Iraq, Yemen, and Lebanon.

Fox News first reported a secret meeting between Soleimani and Russian President Vladimir Putin, which took place in late July.  Part of the discussions between Soleimani and Putin was the future Russian build up in Syria, coordinated closely with Iran.

In addition, sources tell Reuters that Lebanese Hezbollah forces will soon arrive to aid in the ground operation. Hezbollah, a Russian and Iranian ally, has fought alongside President Bashar al-Assad's forces since early in the Syrian civil war.

The goal of the operation would be to recapture territory the Syrian government lost to rebels, not specifically to target ISIS, those sources tell Reuters.

Meantime, Russia’s foreign minister maintains Moscow and the US coalition “see eye-to-eye” on the targets in Syria.

“We have the same approach,” Sergey Lavrov said Thursday. “We fight terrorists. The [US-led coalition] announced ISIS as the enemy, and the coalition does the same as Russia.”

But Col. Warren added, “We don't believe"" that [Russia] hit ISIS targets.

Human rights groups say Russian airstrikes in Syria targeted US-backed rebels on Thursday. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims the targets of Russian airstrikes included US-backed group Tajamu Alezzah.

There have also been reports Russian airstrikes killed civilians, but President Vladimir Putin has denied the accusations, calling them ""information attacks.""

Russian Defense Ministry Igor Konashenkov acknowledged in televised comments that unidentified groups were being targeted in addition to ISIS, but said Thursday’s airstrikes damaged or destroyed 12 ISIS targets, including a command center.

The head of the Syrian National Council, an anti-Assad group, said at the United Nations that at least 36 people had been killed by airstrikes in the western city of Homs, including five children, since Wednesday. Khaled Khoja, the SNC's leader, said none of the four areas targeted by Russian planes Wednesday contained ISIS fighters.

Putin also said he expects Assad to talk with the Syrian opposition about a political settlement, but added he was referring to what he described as a ""healthy"" opposition group.

Putin and other officials have said Russia was providing weapons and training to Assad's army to help it combat ISIS. Russian Navy transport vessels have been shuttling back and forth for weeks to ferry troops, weapons and supplies to an air base near the coastal city of Latakia. IHS Jane's, a leading defense research group, said last week that satellite images of the base showed 28 jets, including Su-30 multirole fighters, Su-25 ground attack jets, Su-24 bombers and possibly Ka-52 helicopter gunships.

Fox News' Jennifer Griffin, Lucas Tomlinson and the Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2168,US lifts Vietnam arms embargo in move to counter China,"President Obama lifted the decades-long U.S. arms embargo against Vietnam on Monday in an apparent effort to shore up the communist country's defenses against an increasingly aggressive China – though he faced criticism that the move takes away U.S. leverage to press for human rights freedoms.

Obama announced the full removal of the embargo at a news conference in Hanoi alongside Vietnamese President Tran Dai Quang. The president said the move was intended as a step toward normalizing relations with the former enemy and to eliminate a ""lingering vestige of the Cold War.""

The embargo was imposed in 1984. The United States partially lifted the ban in 2014, but Vietnam pushed for full access as it tries to deal with China's land reclamation and military construction in nearby seas.

Obama, in announcing the agreement Monday, said every U.S. arms sale would be reviewed on a case-by-case basis going forward. Vietnam has not bought anything, but removing the remaining restrictions shows relations are fully normalized and opens the way to deeper security cooperation.

""At this stage both sides have developed a level of trust and cooperation, including between our militaries, that is reflective of common interests and mutual respect,"" Obama said.

U.S. lawmakers and activists, though, had urged Obama to press for greater human rights freedoms in the one-party state before lifting the embargo. Vietnam holds about 100 political prisoners and there have been more detentions this year.

""In one fell swoop, President Obama has jettisoned what remained of U.S. leverage to improve human rights in Vietnam -- and (has) basically gotten nothing for it,"" Phil Robertson, with Human Rights Watch, said.

In Beijing, China's Foreign Ministry outwardly praised the move, with a spokeswoman saying China hoped ""normal and friendly"" relations between the U.S. and Vietnam would be conducive to regional stability. China itself remains under a weapons embargo imposed by the U.S. and European Union following 1989's bloody military crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrations centered on Beijing's Tiananmen Square.

Obama said the United States and Vietnam had mutual concerns about maritime issues and the importance of maintaining freedom of navigation in the South China Sea. He said that although Washington doesn't take sides on the territorial disputes, it does support a diplomatic resolution based on ""international norms"" and ""not based on who's the bigger party and can throw around their weight a little bit more,"" a reference to China.

Lifting the arms embargo will be a psychological boost for Vietnam's leaders as they look to counter an increasingly aggressive China, but there may not be a big jump in sales.

Obama was greeted Monday by Quang at the Presidential Palace, where Obama congratulated Vietnam for making ""extraordinary progress."" Quang praised the expansion in security and trade ties between ""former enemies turned friends"" and called for more U.S. investment in Vietnam.

Obama also made the case for stronger commercial and economic ties, including approval of the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement that is stalled in Congress and facing strong opposition from the 2016 presidential candidates. The deal, which includes Vietnam, would tear down trade barriers and encourage investment between the countries that signed it.

Critics worry it would cost jobs by exposing American workers to low-wage competition from countries such as Vietnam.

Obama and Quang earlier attended a signing ceremony touting a series of new commercial deals between U.S. and Vietnamese companies valued at more than $16 billion. The deals included U.S. engine manufacturer Pratt & Whitney's plans to sell 135 advanced engines to Vietnamese air carrier Vietjet, and Boeing's plans to sell 100 aircraft to the airline.

Obama is the third sitting president to visit Vietnam since the end of the Vietnam War in 1975. Four decades after the fall of Saigon, now called Ho Chi Minh City, and two decades after President Bill Clinton restored relations with the nation, Obama is eager to upgrade relations with an emerging power whose rapidly expanding middle class beckons as a promising market for U.S. goods and an offset to China's growing strength.

The United States is eager to boost trade with a fast-growing middle class in Vietnam that is expected to double by 2020. That would mean knocking down auto, food and machine tariffs to get more U.S. products into Vietnam.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
285,John Boehner says House Republicans have a difference in ‘tactics.’ That’s not entirely true.,"On Sunday during an appearance on ""Face the Nation"" on CBS, Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) tried to downplay the differences between the GOP leadership and the conservative rank and file in the House.

""We do have some members who disagree, from time to time, over the tactics that we decide to employ,"" Boehner said at one point. ""We get in an argument over tactics from time to time,""  he said at another. ""The goals are all the same."" That line was echoed by House Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) during an interview with Chuck Todd on NBC's ""Meet the Press."" ""We have a difference of opinion in strategy and tactics, but in principle we are united,"" McCarthy said.

Those statements are only half true.

The true part is that Boehner, McCarthy and the rest of the House GOP leadership team do have a broad strategy and a series of tactics they try to employ to both accomplish their legislative goals and pressure President Obama. Whether that's ""Plan B,"" Boehner's attempt to avert the fiscal cliff while simultaneously forcing Obama's hand, or the latest attempt to extend funding for the Department of Homeland Security for three weeks, Boehner, McCarthy and the rest have a strategy behind most of these big legislative fights. (The lack of a back-up plan, on the other hand, is a little odd.)

The untrue part is that the rump Republican resistance — led by a handful of tea party-aligned conservatives — has its own alternative strategy or even tactics. Think back to the vote for speaker earlier in this Congress.  The establishment had a plan to get Boehner reelected to the House's top job. The resistance? Not so much. They nominated three alternatives to Boehner — Dan Webster of Florida, Ted Yoho of Florida and Louie Gohmert of Texas — ensuring that the anti-Boehner vote was splintered. What did that reveal? That even in making a purely protest vote, there wasn't a whole heck of a lot strategy going on in the not-Boehner crowd.

Fast forward to Friday's vote on the three-week extension backed by Boehner. Yes, the conservative coalition in the House was absolutely the key to killing that measure. But to what end? What is the broader strategy of voting that extension down? The answer that group will give you is to tie the repeal of Obama's immigration executive orders to funding DHS. But that is never going to happen. Even if Senate Democrats allowed a vote on such a joined package and it passed, which wouldn't happen, Obama would veto it without a second thought. And we would be right back where we started.

This is a classic letting-the-perfect-get-in-the-way-of-the-good approach. It is neither a strategy nor a tactic to say ""we will get everything we want or there will be no deal."" Saying ""no"" isn't a strategy. Jeb Bush addressed that reality during his question-and-answer session at CPAC last week. ""It's good to oppose bad things,"" Bush said. ""We need to start being for things.""

That's what Boehner — and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) — have been saying for quite some time. The problem for Boehner and, to a lesser extent, McConnell, is that they are not dealing with a group of members who see the world as they do. While Boehner et al are trying to draw up a broad strategy of how to approach the final two years of Obama's presidency, the resisters in the House are taking it issue by issue — and always standing on ideological ground to oppose Obama.

Opposition without a plan of what to do next is neither a tactic nor a strategy. That's why John Boehner may have the most difficult job of any speaker in modern history.",1
1016,"Could RNC delegates be bought? Legally, maybe","Washington (CNN) Buying votes is illegal. But, it turns out, buying delegates might not be.

This summer's Republican National Convention is shaping up to be an all-out brawl for every delegate's vote -- and legally, that could mean plying some of them with gifts, experts say.

There are federal and state laws prohibiting bribery of elected officials -- and restrictions on campaigns themselves -- but there isn't much on the books governing what private citizens serving as delegates at their parties' conventions can take in exchange for their votes on a nominating ballot. And in a fight between Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, John Kasich and perhaps an alternative not currently in the race, every delegate vote will matter.

""I think the legal term is s*** show,"" said Ken Gross, an election law specialist at Skadden and former associate general counsel of the Federal Election Commission. ""I think it's going to be a circus, to say the least.""

The GOP candidates are battling to win the 1,237 delegates needed to win the party's nomination and avert a floor fight in July at the convention in Cleveland. Trump holds a lead of 739 delegates to 466 for Cruz and 145 for Kasich, according to a CNN estimate.

Opponents of Trump are especially worried about the potential resources of the billionaire businessman.

Trump's senior adviser, Barry Bennett, has indicated the campaign is exploring how to bring delegates to its side but made clear there is a limit.

""There's obviously a big line -- we're not going to do anything immoral, illegal or unethical,"" Bennett told CNN. ""Most of the time all they want is some access to the candidate or a visit to their state. It's just a prioritization on your schedule, nothing more heavy than that.""

""We're not offering seats on the Trump airplane or anything like that,"" he offered, saying that the type of person who would seek such a deal wouldn't be a delegate the campaign would want.

He also doubted other campaigns would engage in such tactics.

Of course, campaigns and candidates are not the only entities that have funds they are looking to spend on a political process — and the rules and scrutiny on those outside groups and individuals are much murkier.

There are a variety of laws and regulations that could come into play for delegates going to this year's convention. Elected officials are bound by so-called honest services statutes, and party officials also are restricted by their role.

But many of the thousands of individuals who will be trekking to Cleveland as one of the 2472 delegates with a vote on nominee will be private citizens, eager to engage in what is shaping up to be a historic contest.

Aside from the limits of who can give, the FEC is mostly silent on what delegates may or may not accept. And it doesn't speak to any sort of negotiation for positions in an administration or, say, the promise of reciprocal campaign support.

The Republican National Committee rules are also quiet on what can be done to curry favor with delegates, but the party pointed to the need to comply with FEC rules.

""The RNC rules do not specifically address this, however there are FEC implications once you start expending money related to attempts to influence a federal election,"" RNC spokeswoman Lindsay Walters said. ""It is up to the individual delegates and campaigns to ensure that they are in compliance with any applicable federal regulations.""

Part of the murkiness is simply the novelty of the race. There hasn't been a contested convention in decades, since Ronald Reagan challenged the incumbent President Gerald Ford in 1976, and most people involved in the process haven't witnessed one in their professional lives.

Though Trump is far ahead in the delegate count, there is serious doubt he will be able to reach the majority mark needed to clinch the nomination outright. And that could mean that after two ballots at the convention, as many as 8 in 10 delegates could become unbound from their state votes -- freeing them to vote for whomever they wish.

The catch, legal experts say, is that a ballot at a party convention is not the same thing as a vote in a local or federal election. And horse-trading is de rigueur in politics.

""If you're going to hand somebody a grease-stained sandwich bag filled with cash under a table, you better hope nobody's got a cell phone nearby who's videotaping it,"" said Richard E. Berg-Andersson, a researcher and historian for The Green Papers blog, which covers the nominating process in depth. ""As for positions, that's historical. There were always delegates who wanted better support if they were running for a congressional seat, especially if they were already party operatives or politicians. That's actually part of the political process. In fact, I don't even really think it's unethical.""

""This is kind of uncharted, but I think a lot of the discussions and deals that are cut are more political in nature rather than monetary,"" said Michael Toner, a partner at Wiley Rein and former FEC chairman.

Any candidate, individual or super PAC looking to curry favor with delegates would have to pay attention to all 50 states' laws and every state party's rules.

But several state party chairmen interviewed by CNN were not aware of any explicit prohibitions on accepting gifts or travel help.

""There aren't many rules or laws on this issue,"" acknowledged South Carolina GOP Chairman Matt Moore. ""I have said the process should be above board and honest and transparent. I highly discourage our delegates to take anything in exchange for their votes -- it's a slippery moral and legal slope.""

But he's limited to those powers of verbal persuasion, he said.

""That's all you can do, beyond electing an honest and fair set of delegates,"" he said.

The question, then, will come down to those 2,472 men and women, a few of whom when contacted by CNN immediately ruled out accepting any material support.

Tom Lundstrum, a former Arkansas state GOP rules chairman who served on the 2012 RNC rules committee, is running to be one of Cruz's delegates. He said he hoped campaigns and independent entities couldn't do much to influence delegates.

""I would hope that there's very little they can do,"" he said. ""They couldn't do anything for me. I have heard that it is OK for campaigns to pay the travel expenses of their delegates to the convention. But beyond that, I don't know.""",1
4755,Mike Pence won the debate by throwing Donald Trump under the bus,"Republican Party elected officials in contested races around the country have been grappling with a basic but profound issue all year — how do you stand up for the GOP and conservative principles and against Hillary Clinton without getting sucked into defending every crazy, offensive, or weird thing Donald Trump has said? It can be a tough line to walk, as New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte learned this week.

Debating Tim Kaine Tuesday night, Mike Pence taught a master class in how it’s done. Every time Kaine attacked, Pence parried and deftly shifted the conversation to something else entirely.

When Kaine demanded that Pence defend Trump’s secrecy on his taxes, Pence ducked and talked about how low taxes are good for economic growth. When Kaine offered an extended list of Trump insults that he said he couldn’t believe Pence would defend, Pence didn’t defend them — he pivoted to complaining about Clinton and the “basket of deplorables.” Pence was tight, disciplined, and focused on his talking points. He never took the bait, never let himself get dragged into unfavorable terrain, and simply ignored subjects he didn’t want to discuss.

It was a genuinely bravura performance, one that a passel of GOP senators and Congress members running in tough races ought to study. The problem is Trump is at the top of the ticket.

The crowning moment of the debate came at around 9:45 pm, when Kaine launched into a devastating foreign policy attack on Donald Trump:

Donald Trump cannot start a Twitter war with Miss Universe without shooting himself in the foot. He does not have a plan. He said ""I have a secret plan,"" and then he said, ""I know more than all the generals about ISIL,"" and finally he said, ""I am going to fire all the generals."" He does not have a plan. He trash talks the military, John McCain is no hero, the generals need to be fired, I know more than them. NATO is obsolete. And third, he loves dictators. He has a personal Mount Rushmore of Vladimir Putin, Kim Jong Un, and Saddam Hussein. He believes — Donald Trump believes that the world will be safer if more nations have nuclear weapons. He said Saudi Arabia should get them, Japan should get them, and Korea should get them. When he was confronted with this, he said, ""Go ahead, folks, enjoy yourselves."" I would like Gov. Pence to say what is so enjoyable or comical about nuclear war.

Pence simply could not and would not defend any of this. Instead, he tried to deflect, saying, “That had a lot of creative lines in it.”

Kaine pressed again: “See if you can defend any of it?”

I want to give this president credit for bringing Osama bin Laden to justice, but the truth is, Osama bin Laden led al-Qaeda. The primary threat today is ISIS. Because Hillary Clinton failed to renegotiate a forces agreement that would have allowed some American combat troops to remain in Iraq and secure the hard-fought gains that the American soldier has won, ISIS was able to be literally conjured up out of the desert, and it has overrun vast areas. My heart breaks for the likes of Corporal Lebowski. He fought hard, through some of the most difficult days of Operation Iraqi Freedom, and paid the ultimate sacrifice to secure the nation. That nation was secured in 2009. Because Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama failed to provide a status of forces agreement and leave sufficient forces, we are back at war. We are back at war in Iraq. [...]

It was a deftly executed move. And while the substance of the critique is somewhat unfair, it’s not crazy. The Obama administration’s attempted withdrawal from Iraq pretty clearly has not worked out nearly as well as it hoped.

But Pence utterly failed to take up Kaine’s challenge to defend Trump’s affection for Putin, dislike of NATO, or willingness to entertain nuclear proliferation. Pence simply shrugged off the entire reality of Trump’s 2016 campaign and slammed Obama, Clinton, and Kaine as soft on Russia — a smooth extension of the foreign policy messages of John McCain in 2008 and Mitt Romney in 2012.

If Kaine and Pence had been debating for an Ohio Senate seat, any fair-minded person would have to conclude that Pence won in a landslide. He was focused on his key points, while Kaine was focused on dragging the conversation into personal attacks on a man who wasn’t even standing on the stage.

The problem, obviously, is that they aren’t running for an Ohio Senate seat.

They’re running for vice president. Or at least Tim Kaine is. That’s why he loyally defended Clinton when Pence hit the Clinton Foundation issue instead of pivoting away to his own talking points. He played the somewhat awkward role of loyal number two. Pence, by contrast, focused on making Mike Pence look good and happily left Trump’s eccentricities on the cutting board.

For Republicans sitting at home, Pence’s largely effective performance should serve as a powerful reminder that a generic Republican candidate would probably win the 2016 election. Trump, by contrast, is losing currently, has been losing from the beginning, and probably will lose in the end.

When he does, Republicans will be searching for their next nominee. When they do, they’ll see that Pence — the guy I used to think they would pick for 2016 — doesn’t quite have the pizzazz or superstar quality of a Donald Trump, but he’s also a much better, more focused, more disciplined, less crazy politician. The kind of guy who could actually win.",1
3439,Obama should act with restraint on court: Jonathan Turley,"A recess appointment to fill the Scalia vacancy would cement the president's troubling legacy of going it alone.

The death of Justice Antonin Scalia has served to highlight the divisions that characterize so much in Washington. First, and foremost, the Supreme Court itself has long been as divided as the country itself. Split 4-4 with a conservative-leaning swing voter — Justice Anthony Kennedy — as a frequent tiebreaker, in Scalia's absence the court is left in a dead heat in areas ranging from affirmative action to union dues to abortion.

Scalia was a critical part of the 5-4 conservative majority in a litany of major cases. However, it is the division in the Senate that could produce the next constitutional crisis. Faced with a refusal of the Republican senators to move forward with a nominee for the court in the last year of the Obama Administration, President Obama could use the nuclear option: a recess appointment to the Supreme Court.

Under Article II of the U.S. Constitution a president is allowed to temporarily fill vacancies that “may happen during the Recess of the Senate.”  I have long been a critic of recess appointments to the judiciary. While far less common than appointments to the Executive Branch, such appointments have occurred historically (including 12 to the Supreme Court).Yet judicial recess appointments undermine the integrity of the courts by using the equivalent of a judicial temp for a position that was meant to be held by a jurist with lifetime tenure.

The framers wanted a president and the Senate to come to an accord on such appointments, including the need to compromise to achieve such goals. Obama, however, made it clear years ago that he was willing to go it alone when Congress failed to give him legislation or confirmations that he demanded. His unilateral actions have already produced a constitutional crisis over the fundamental guarantees of the separation of powers. This includes a unanimous 2014 decision of the Supreme Court that Obama violated the recess appointments clause in his circumvention of the Senate.

For a president who has shown a tendency to “go it alone” when denied action by Congress, a recess appointment may prove an irresistible temptation for Obama. The Republican leadership has already signaled that it has no intention of moving forward with such a nomination, objecting that (in 80 years) no president has moved such a nomination within his final year in office. While there is ample time to vote on a nominee, the president could make an appointment if his nominee is denied or if his nominee is left to languish in the Senate Judiciary Committee.

The Republicans may have unnecessarily tripped the wire by saying that they would not move forward on a nomination as opposed to slow walking and rejecting a nomination. The failure to even consider the nominee could give the president the rationale for a recess appointment. Ironically, the justice who tended to favor executive assertions of power and limit the ability of Congress to challenge such assertions was Antonin Scalia.

The president could claim that his power is in full effect with the current recess of the Senate. He could also claim such authority with the end of the annual session. Generally, the authority to make a recess appointment has been recognized with a recess of greater than three days. The Senate can avoid that trigger by remaining in technical session with little or no business being transacted. That could push the target recess to the end of the session where Obama would make the appointment before the next Congress assembles in January — an appointment made in literally the waning days of his term.

I happen to think Obama is well within his rights to make the nomination. As hockey great Wayne Gretzky said, you miss every shot that you never take. And this is a shot most presidents would take. If blocked, however, Obama should recognize that a new president will enter office in a matter of months (or weeks with an end-of-session appointment) with a national mandate. Such a decision would undermine the integrity of the court with a display of raw muscle by a departing president. It would cement Obama’s troubling legacy as a president who waged an unrelenting campaign against the separation of powers that is the foundation of our constitutional system. The difference between a statesman and a politician is often the exercise of restraint. It is not enough to say that you can do something, but whether you should do something. This is something Obama should not do.

Jonathan Turley is the Shapiro Professor of Public Interest Law at George Washington University and a member of USA TODAY's board of contributors. He has written and testified before Congress on the role and limits of recess appointments.

In addition to its own editorials, USA TODAY publishes diverse opinions from outside writers, including our Board of Contributors. To read more columns like this, go to the Opinion front page.",1
3241,AP Interview: Santorum Undecided About 2016 Bid,"The once and perhaps future presidential candidate Rick Santorum has lots of policy ideas for fellow Republicans seeking public office.

He's just not sure he'll be one of those hopefuls ever again.

""Yeah, I don't know if I can do this. It's just tough,"" Santorum said about another White House run.

The former Pennsylvania senator tells The Associated Press in an interview that he isn't ruling out a 2016 candidacy.

But, he says, there are plenty of reasons why he wouldn't do it.

He is enjoying a second career as a movie studio executive. His daughter's health remains a concern.

And, Santorum writes in a new book, he can help shape his party's future from offstage.

In the interview, Santorum said the GOP will struggle to win races unless candidates came up with policies that help working Americans.

Victories will be tough, he said, unless elected officials stop being obstructionists.

Santorum said the libertarian streak running through his party distorts the definition of freedom, and that politicians wrongly look to President Ronald Reagan's policies to address today's challenges.

Then there's Santorum's slap at Republicans who demonize social welfare programs.

""Do Republicans really care less about the person at the bottom of the ladder than Democrats do? To be painfully honest, I would have to say in some ways 'yes,'"" Santorum writes in his book, ""Blue Collar Conservatives: Recommitting to an America That Works.""

The tough talk raises questions about Santorum's viability in what could be a crowded 2016 primary field.

Also, he's not rushing to camp out in early nominating Iowa or New Hampshire again.

""A while. A year at least, probably,"" he said of his timeline to decide on a 2016 bid.

Santorum ran an upstart campaign in 2012, surviving long enough to be Mitt Romney's last remaining rival. He struggled to raise money or support among establishment-minded Republicans, but his socially conservative profile drew enough backing for Santorum to pick up victories in 11 states.

Even in victory, his disorganized campaign cost him, including failing to qualify for the ballot in Virginia.

""We cannot run the campaign we ran last time if we run this time,"" Santorum said.

How Republicans win is the focus of Santorum's latest book, to be released Monday.

Santorum offers ideas on energy, education, the economy and health care. It comes across as part think tank policy paper, part campaign playbook and part communications advice on how to connect with working-class voters.

For instance, Republicans should not focus exclusively on business leaders and ""job creators"" and should speak to employees, Santorum said.

Anxiety among those voters remains high, and Republicans have for too long talked to the top earners and not the workers.

""A rising tide lifts all boats — unless your boat has a hole in it. A lot of Americans, we've got holes in our boats,"" Santorum said. ""Millions and millions of Americans (are) out there who want good lives but have holes in their boats. ... They just see the water level going up and their boat sinking.""

That's why, he argues, candidates need to put forward policies to help those voters.

""I'm looking at 2014 and I'm thinking the Republican Party is heading toward No-ville, which is 'we're against this, we're against that, we're against this.' We're not painting a positive vision for America,"" Santorum said in the interview.

After the 2012 campaign, he signed on as CEO of EchoLight Studies, which produces movies rooted in faith and family.

""I saw an opportunity to do something in the space where we need to have movies that have a faith message in them that are better than the movies that have been done,"" Santorum said.

At home, 5-year-old daughter Bella keeps Santorum busy. She has a genetic disorder, Trisomy 18, which causes brain, heart and internal organ developmental abnormalities. Almost all children die within the first year of life.

Bella turns 6 in May and the senator is at work on a book about his daughter. Her difficult nights have sometimes kept Santorum at her bedside.

Santorum said family issues would drive his decision to run or not, and Bella would be a key factor.

His other six other children, Santorum said, are ""all very open to dad doing this again.""

But Santorum isn't rushing into anything. A primary might feature the libertarian wing of the party, led in part by two prominent tea partyers, Sens. Rand Paul of Kentucky and Ted Cruz of Texas.

""There's a strain within the Republican Party now that smacks of the no-government conservatism,"" Santorum said. ""That wasn't Ronald Regan. It wasn't Teddy Roosevelt. It wasn't Abraham Lincoln. It wasn't any Republican that I'm aware of. It wasn't Calvin Coolidge. And yet there seems to be this creation of this strain of conservatism that has no basis in conservatism.""

Santorum said Republicans should respect Reagan, but he doubted the former president would offer the same policies today that he did during the 1970s and 1980s.

Santorum also includes plenty of incendiary rhetoric in his book that he acknowledges could haunt him should he run again.

In addition to the sentence about Republicans and social safety nets, Santorum writes that poor voters ""took their lie about sex without consequences as gospel"" and calls climate change a ""hyped-up crisis.""",1
295,House GOP obsessed with Boehner's future,Top Dems want White House to call off Part B demo — The next cancer drug shortage,1
4301,"Trump, Bush, Fiorina: Three questions, three answers at second GOP debate","If they’d known the 2016 Republican contest would end up this way – a monument to one billionaire’s ego – CNN and its GOP partners could have switched Wednesday’s presidential debate from the Reagan Library to a more appropriate venue: Hearst Castle, just up the California coast.

After all, William Randolph Hearst and Donald Trump have this much in common. Each ran for president (Hearst, as a Democrat, in 1904). Neither was a fan of those who habla español (Hearst cheerleading for the Spanish-American War). Both plutocrats would have you believe they cared about ordinary folks (Hearst’s slogan: “the people who work for a living”).

Hearst turned out to be a political flop. And Trump? It’ll take a few more GOP debates to see what fate has in store for the man who builds not castles but towers and resorts bearing his name.

There were three threshold questions going into Wednesday night’s festivities:

1. Could the GOP’s troika of non-politicians – Trump, Dr. Ben Carson and business executive Carly Fiorina – show they’re more than a protest vote?

2. Could former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush put forward a passion and wit that his friends insist he possesses, but he seems loath to display?

3. Could Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, a hot commodity earlier this summer, breath new life into a campaign that’s stalled in the early-primary states?

The answers to those questions:

1.  Trump showed no growth – same old Donald; same vagaries about domestic and foreign policy. Carson spoke only when spoken to, a startling low-key alternative to other attention-starved debaters (maybe it’s part of Carson’s strategy that social media trumps television). We’ll get to Fiorina in a moment.

2.  Bush showed improvement over his performance in the Cleveland Fox News debate (granted, a low bar to clear). Two moments to remember: when he stood up to Trump and stood up for his brother (“he kept us safe”); at the end of the debate, when he chose “Eveready” as his Secret Service name (“it’s very high energy, Donald”). That should quell his nervous financial base – for now.

3.  Another rough night for Walker, already not popular in California GOP circles for bailing on the state party’s convention. Back to Wisconsin for the governor and figuring what to do in Iowa.

If we can call two occurrences a trend, then here’s a big problem with the GOP debates thus far. Instead of a level playing field for the candidates, imagine a radial spoke with Trump at the center of the scheme. For the non-Donalds, the close-up moments tend to be Trump-related – and in a bad way (Bush, for example, asked to respond to Trump’s comments about his wife’s Mexican heritage). Is this because what Trump has to say is all that compelling, or are the moderators trying to keep the big audiences from clicking their remotes?

And that leads us to Carly Fiorina, the star of the Reagan Library debate.

Five weeks ago, I wrote this column about the former Hewlett-Packard executive after her bravura performance at the first of the two debates in Cleveland. Her performance that night jump-started her campaign, bumped her poll numbers and (with the candidate’s persistent shaming of CNN) landed her a spot in prime time.

On Wednesday in Simi Valley, as in Cleveland, she aced it. No other GOP hopeful could match Fiorina’s depth and clear conciseness on defense strategy (missile defense, strengthen the 6th Fleet).

No one was tougher on Hillary Clinton (who else could get away with repeatedly calling her a liar?). Fiorina had the good sense to handle the Trump face-slap with dignity – saying, in effect, that voters are smart enough to know what the man intended (Trump’s feeble attempt to close out that segment by saying he thought she was attractive? Maybe his flattest moment of the night).

Bonus points for Fiorina: she was the only one of the bunch who didn’t pander to the question about a new face on the $10 bill, spinning it into a call for women to be recognized as equals, not an interest group.

Trump, in fact, had several flat moments – taking a swipe at Rand Paul’s hair; saying he didn’t mean to slur Columba Bush, then refusing to apologize to her in person. Most disturbing of all: the ideas cupboard is still lightly stocked.

Does this mean we’ve reached the end of Trump Fever? One doubts it. The GOP is headed for an uncomfortable stretch during which the party will be at odds with itself over government shutdowns, Planned Parenthood funding and fallout from the Iran deal. That’s fuel for the fire for an anti-politician like Trump (it might also give Texas Sen. Ted Cruz a needed boost).

Besides, Trump is good for ratings, which might be why CNN began the debate with an uncomfortable Donald-related question (as did Fox News in its debate). But CNN took matters a step further: clumping the candidates close together; keeping them on the stage for long stretches between bathroom breaks, preventing candidates from speaking for long stretches – all ways to elevate tension.

Maybe Trump isn’t going away anytime soon. But on Wednesday night, there were signs that the act’s beginning to wear thin.

And Carly Fiorina? On the debate stage, she wears it well.

Bill Whalen is a research fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution, where he analyzes California and national politics. He also blogs daily on the 2016 election at www.adayattheracesblog.com. Follow him on Twitter @hooverwhalen.",1
2490,Senate votes to block 'sanctuary cities' bill after tense debate on floor,"The Senate on Tuesday voted to block the controversial legislation cracking down on the so-called ""sanctuary cities"" that shield residents from federal immigration authorities.

Following an impassioned speeches by Texas' Republican Sen. Ted Cruz and New Jersey's Democratic Sen. Bob Menendez arguing, respectively, for and against the Sanctuary Cities Bill, the Senate voted 54-46 against the legislation.

The bill has divided Congress along partisan lines and gained national attention in the wake of GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump's harsh words on immigration and the shooting death of a California woman over the summer by an undocumented immigrant.

""We are witnessing the most overtly nativist and xenophobic campaign in modern U.S. history,"" Menendez said on Tuesday. ""We've hit a new low with the extraordinarily hateful rhetoric that diminishes immigrants' contributions to American history — and particularly demonizes the Latino community by labeling Mexican immigrants as rapists and criminals.""

The bill, which went up for procedural vote on Tuesday, was authored by Louisiana Sen. David Vitter. It would have punished jurisdictions that prohibit the collection of immigration information or don't cooperate with federal requests, blocking them from receiving certain grants and funds.

Republicans have pushed the bill since the July 1 shooting of Kathryn Steinle in San Francisco. The man charged in the killing was in the country illegally despite a long criminal record and multiple prior deportations. The man, Juan Francisco Lopez Sanchez, had been released by San Francisco authorities despite a request from federal immigration authorities to keep him detained.

""Today, the Senate had an opportunity to send the message that defiance of our laws will no longer be tolerated,"" Cruz said in a press release after the vote. ""While Senate Democrats chose partisan loyalty over protecting the lives of Americans, I will continue fighting to stop illegal immigration.""

 

 He added: ""Defiance of our immigration laws is inexcusable. Sanctuary cities and the illegal reentry offenders that they harbor are a threat to the safety of the American people. And they must end now.""

Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid said before the vote that the bill would threaten cities' ability to police and compared it to Republican presidential candidate Trump's comments earlier this year that some immigrants in the country illegally are ""criminals"" and ""rapists.""

""This vile legislation might as well be called 'The Donald Trump Act,'"" Reid said.

San Francisco and hundreds of other jurisdictions nationally have adopted policies of disregarding federal immigration requests, or ""detainers,"" which advocates say can unfairly target innocent immigrants and hurt relations between immigrant communities and law enforcement authorities.

The House passed legislation similar to Vitter's bill this summer, which the White House also threatened to veto. In its veto threat of the Senate legislation, the White House said the bill could lead to mistrust between the federal government and local governments.

The Obama administration has said that the best way to get at the problem is comprehensive immigration overhaul, something House Republicans have blocked for years.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Like us on Facebook

 Follow us on Twitter & Instagram",1
2743,Angry right’s secret playbook: How it uses a good story to peddle an agenda America hates,"This recent midterm election was my first real setback since I became a committed liberal (after years on the other side), and what I don’t understand is why so many well-meaning liberals refuse to fight dirty.  Sure, some Democratic politicians “sling mud,” but the “professional left” (as they are often derisively called) spend too much time debating the exactitude of certain issues and not enough time shutting down the bad ideas of the opposition. It might speak well to one’s character, but it’s an ineffective way to do battle. There is a place for self-examination, but it’s not on the battlefield. Sometimes the proper reaction to cruelty or stupid ideas is disgust or even a well-timed insult. For many on the left this art is sadly as dead as the late hero of mine quoted above.

I got married, dropped out of college, joined the military and became a father all before I was 21 years old, and I spent the next 20 years dealing with my early missteps. It was a painful climb, but one benefit of the circuitous route I took is that I understand the angry, white and rural right wing of America better than most. It’s a group that grows ever more desperate and irrational no matter which way the electoral winds blow.

As a member of the frothing right wing, I always spouted nonsense, even when I wasn’t sure I believed it. Sometimes I would throw out really crazy stuff just to see how it fit the big picture and sometimes to get a rise from the opposition. Rhetorical bomb throwing is well respected on the right, and it’s not always a bad thing. There is nothing wrong with trying out ideas, letting them roll off the tongue to see how they sound. I’m always playing with ideas, most of which get discarded before I let myself believe them or write them down. There is one caveat to this and that’s the racist, hateful and homophobic rants that have become too common among the worst of the Tea Party. This ugly side of conservative rage is one of the major factors that drove me (and many others) away from right-wing politics.

When I lived conservative values, I attended many events with like-minded people. Conservative movements foster a herd mentality. Even when someone stood up to “lead,” he or she often regurgitated well-accepted talking points while crowds nodded in unison. Listen to talk radio or watch Fox News, and you can barely tally the number of times you hear, “yes, I think that’s true.” A perfect example of thoughtless regurgitation is when callers on talk radio mention “Saul Alinsky Democrats.” Still others like to sling the insult of “Obama’s Chicago political machine,” with no context whatsoever. I’m going to make the obvious point that few if any of these callers have read one word of Alinsky, and fewer still have any direct, pointed or even third-hand knowledge of “Chicago politics.” These goofy phrases have become totems of the insider, and like children, these listeners mindlessly repeat what someone else has said as if they had insight.

Now that I’ve been in the liberal camp for a few years, I’ve noticed the complete opposite with the politically engaged left. They often identify as “contrarian.” They question everything and have a hard time taking a firm stand, even when 70% of the public is with them (on minimum wage, for instance). In an ideological battle, the tendency toward inclusion and reflection can become a handicap. As a side effect of all this soul-searching, the left becomes ineffectual at fighting even the worst excesses on the right. I’m boiling this down to a false dichotomy to illustrate a point. Of course there is every gradation of political belief on the right and left; yet our system itself is incapable of nuance, because only one side has even heard of the word.

Most people know that individuals will suffer because of the results of the latest midterm election. People won’t get health care and some will lose food stamps. Discrimination will find a better foothold and the advance of science will lose ground. People I love, personally, will be vilified for being gay, because conservative voices of discrimination will feel empowered to act like jerks. Much of the latest loss stems from an inability to talk to regular people — especially working-class men — about liberal ideas. If Homer Simpson is America (he is), then liberals should learn to talk to him.

Rich people have won over the white working class even though those same wealthy people don’t do shit for the working class, ever. The wealthy have bought elections and government, wholesale. Working-class Americans are scared, battered and desperate. They are ready to listen to liberal messages, but not if we act like “wimps.” The thing conservatives can’t stand the most is what they charmingly call “pussy liberals.” A white, conservative man would walk through hot coals or swallow shards of glass to prove to a stranger on the barstool next to him that he’s not one. (My wife, a nuanced liberal, vehemently objects when I use the term. As a feminist I totally understand. It’s offensive. But I didn’t create this usage. I’m only pointing it out.) One of the reasons I became a liberal is not only because they have better ideas but also because they are willing to reconsider them, sometimes ad infinitum. The debates and discussion and endless self-examination appeal to me, because of who I am. Liberals do a lot less yelling and a whole lot more making everyone feel welcome. Yet the same strength in debating, self-awareness and the Socratic Method are the enemies of a good story. The retired guy in a modest home on a fixed income defends the rights of billionaires to exploit him, because he’s been sold a narrative. The story matters, and Republicans spin a hell of yarn about America and “freedom,” even though most of it is bullshit or a straight-out rewriting of history. They talk about Jefferson, Madison and Washington, men who would despise the science-hating, ignorant and reactive group the right has become. But it doesn’t matter what or who you really stand for, it’s just a matter of what you can sell. People with a billion dollars in the bank who benefit from low taxes and who exploit American labor could give two shits about patriotism, but they sing “The Battle Hymn of the Republic” as loud as possible while owning sprawling mansions in five countries. Alice Walton, Wal-Mart heiress and professional layabout, is hardly your relatable, average American. Certainly the left should be able to find an explanation for why her brand of capitalism is evil. If liberals want to win the war of ideas they can’t be afraid to use the word “evil.” If Ms. Walton is not an evil person, we should at least not be afraid to call the practices of Wal-Mart by that powerful and often factual label. Too harsh? Have you heard the dreck slung at immigrants lately? How about the word “traitor,” so easily thrown at the president almost daily, every day for six years? If you think those on the right are reasonable, wish one “happy holidays.” You might get your ass kicked. The worst part is that people do not prefer conservative ideas. In the last election they voted to increase the minimum wage in red states, to impose gun background checks and to legalize marijuana. The problem with all three of these issues is that Democrats refuse to stand up for them or do so only tepidly. They won’t fight, argue and, if necessary, insult the increasingly unbalanced platform of the opposition. I call on my fellow liberals to embrace the rough stuff. Engage in battle with people who hate you and feel free to throw crazy right back, even if you only half believe it. Let it out and taste it on the way by. See if it flies. If it doesn’t, screw it — just fix it up next time. Refer to your political opponent as “the honorable shithead from New Jersey.” Use the words, images and for god’s sake, the passion of the street. People who hate and fear you will always hate you unless they die out, change their minds or we can beat them in a heated contest of ideas. You’re not playing checkers — and they’re winning by giving zero shits about reality, so cut the crap and fight like you mean it.",1
120,"After S.C. police shooting, a radically different response (+video)","The swift action taken against a white police officer accused of fatally shooting an unarmed black man in South Carolina speaks to the compelling nature of the video, but also to how much has changed since Ferguson.

A man holds a sign during a protest for the shooting death of Walter Scott at City Hall in North Charleston, S.C., Wednesday. Mr. Scott was killed by a North Charleston police office after a traffic stop on Saturday. The officer, Michael Slager, has been charged with murder.

The Rev. Arthur Prioleau of Goose Creek, S.C., carried a sign at a rally in North Charleston, S.C., April 8, 2015. Demonstrators rallied on Wednesday against what they described as a culture of police brutality in South Carolina in the case of white officer Michael Slager, who was caught on video killing 50-year-old Walter Scott, a black man, by shooting Scott in the back as he ran away after a traffic stop. Slager was charged on Tuesday with murder in the death of Scott.

This time, the fatal shooting of an apparently unarmed black man by a white police officer resulted in something different: a swift, decisive, and broad-based consensus that the officer should be charged with murder.

A bystander video that surfaced Tuesday appears to show Patrolman 1st Class Michael Slager of North Charleston, S.C., shooting Walter Scott in the back after a routine traffic stop on Saturday. Mr. Scott was attempting to flee.

Certainly, the compelling nature of the video evidence led to Mr. Slager being arrested, quickly charged by prosecutors, and then fired from the force.

But the reaction by local authorities also hints at how much has changed in the seven months since a white police officer fatally shot a black teenager in the streets of Ferguson, Mo.

There was no attempt to close ranks around the officer. Instead, the mayor and police chief visited the victim’s family on Wednesday morning and announced they would provide a police escort for Scott’s funeral. The mayor also issued an executive order that all the city’s police officers must start wearing body cameras.

Slowly, and perhaps inconsistently, the wide latitude that society has long given police officers who say their lives are in danger is beginning to change.

The victim’s father said on NBC’s “Today” show Wednesday that without the bystander video, “It would have never come to light. They would have swept it right under the rug, like they did with many others.”

But the existence of the video, along with the momentum for reform spawned by a half-dozen other recent incidents from Los Angeles to Madison, Wis., – some with videos of their own – is threatening the traditional deference given to police.

“There is – and police departments are starting to know this – there is a crisis of legitimacy,” says Jeannine Bell, a professor at the Indiana University Maurer School of Law who studies policing and hate crimes. “And this crisis does not help the difficult job that police officers already have of fighting crime and protecting citizens – it absolutely does not.”

For the most part, the majority of white Americans have long given police the benefit of the doubt when it comes to the use of force. Combining data from 2011 to 2014, for example, a Gallup study last August found that nearly 60 percent of whites had “a great deal or quite a lot of confidence” in police departments, ranking them just below the military and small businesses as the nation’s most trusted institutions. By contrast, only 37 percent of blacks expressed such confidence – a fact well known even before the incidents in Ferguson and New York.

Charging a police officer with murder remains extremely rare. During the past five years, police in South Carolina have shot at 209 suspects, killing 79, according to a report in The State. Only three officers were accused of wrongdoing in these shootings, however, and none of them was convicted. Indeed, such numbers reflect the same picture from jurisdictions around the country, in which police officers are rarely charged when accused of misconduct.

The police killings during the past year have shed light on a system, including grand jury procedures, that is run by police and prosecutors who work closely together on a day-to-day basis – a fraternity, one former prosecutor told the Monitor last year, that creates a “challenging environment for a prosecutor to seek an indictment, let alone a conviction, of a police officer.”

It is this situation that is coming under such intense scrutiny now.

“There is no question that people’s attitudes will continue to change with respect to police agencies and the presumed honesty of police officers, especially if laws don't change,” says Martin Lijtmaer, a criminal defense attorney in Los Angeles, via e-mail. “Existing laws foster a culture of secrecy.”

He notes that in California, defense attorneys have to overcome substantial hurdles to get a court to order the disclosure of misconduct complaints against police officers. “Even then,” he says, “the information one gets is limited and subject to burdensome protective orders which prevent wider disclosure.”

Scathing reports this year by the Justice Department on the behavior and culture of several police departments and criminal justice systems have only added to the pressure.

“The bottom line is, these incidents are a wake-up call, not just for law enforcement, but the community as well,” says Tod Burke, professor of criminal justice at Radford University in Virginia.

A former Maryland police officer, Dr. Burke emphasizes the need for officer support, even in the face of public outcry.

“But if the officer is in the wrong, the police agency needs to be the first to recognize it,” he says. “It shouldn’t take the public going, ‘Hey, your officers are messing up.’ It should be, ‘We’re messing up, and we need to correct it.’ ”",1
4998,Gary Johnson picks up his first congressional backer,"Washington (CNN) Republican Rep. Scott Rigell is voting for Libertarian Gary Johnson for president over his party's nominee, Donald Trump.

Rigell, who has announced he will not run for re-election this year in his Virginia district, is the second Republican member of Congress to announce that he'll vote for someone other than Trump. Retiring New York Rep. Richard Hanna wrote in an op-ed for Syracuse.com this week that he'll instead back Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.

Rigell's announcement came in an interview with The New York Times published on Saturday, and Kaylin Minton, a spokeswoman for Rigell, confirmed the report's accuracy to CNN.

Hanna and Rigell's defections come as other notable Republicans have said they will either not vote for Trump or will back other candidates. Earlier this week, longtime Chris Christie aide Maria Comella told CNN's Jamie Gangel she plans to vote for Clinton , and Sally Bradshaw, Jeb Bush's top adviser, told Gangel she's leaving the Republican Party over Trump and will vote for Clinton in Florida if the race there is close.

And major GOP donor Meg Whitman announced earlier this week she'll support Clinton over Trump as well.

Amid Republican infighting over its anti-establishment nominee, the Clinton and Johnson campaigns have sought to grow their bases of support. For example, Whitman said she backed Clinton following a direct phone call from the former secretary of state.

Johnson said his campaign has reached out to Republican 2012 nominee Mitt Romney, who has pointedly refused to back Trump and said he's considering voting Libertarian.

A spokeswoman for Rep. Mike Coffman, a Republican who hails from a competitive district in Colorado and recently put up a web video saying he ""doesn't care"" for Trump, said the congressman had spoken with Libertarian vice presidential nominee William Weld. Coffman has yet to declare his support for any candidate.",1
4956,"For Trump, turning this around won't be easy","Julian Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University and a New America fellow. He is the author of "" Jimmy Carter "" and "" The Fierce Urgency of Now: Lyndon Johnson, Congress, and the Battle for the Great Society ."" The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.

(CNN) Donald Trump is trying to orchestrate a pivot in his troubled campaign. He began by shaking up his campaign staff by bringing in Stephen Bannon, an executive from Breitbart News, to take on the top post, effectively demoting Paul Manafort, who then chose to resign.

In one of the more shocking moments of his campaign, Trump admitted to saying the ""wrong thing"" at some points in his presidential quest and said he regretted doing so.

There is good reason for him to attempt to change the dynamics of this campaign. Right now, everything seems to be coming apart. Trump is doing horribly in the polls -- in swing states, in red states and in blue states. Each remark manages to alienate more voters and stirs greater doubts about his capacity to be president. The New York Times reported that he is now even struggling with his core of supporters, white men.

At this point, Democrats might be heading toward a landslide victory, capturing the White House by large margins, securing control of the Senate for the first time since 2010 and possibly, just possibly, taking over a majority of the House of Representatives (though the odds of that remain low). Republicans are running scared and there is ample reason for them to feel this way.

Pivoting to a ""New Trump,"" as some are calling it, won't be easy. It isn't easy for any candidate at this point in the campaign and it certainly won't be easy for Donald Trump. Making a statement and shaking up his campaign team, which he has done before, won't be enough to do the trick.

There is a reason that social scientists have pushed back against ""game change"" accounts of presidential campaigns. The most difficult challenge that Trump currently faces is the overwhelming evidence from aggregate poll numbers which point to big problems for the Republican ticket.

While there are always a few polls that emerge to suggest the race might be tightening, a broader look at the data suggests that Trump is consistently struggling in almost every part of the country, including in very red states like Utah.

My colleague at Princeton, Sam Wang, has shown how when you put all the polls together, Trump doesn't really stand much of a chance of winning. Right now, Clinton is running 5.8 percentage points above President Obama's standing versus 2012 GOP candidate Mitt Romney at the same point in the campaign four years ago. Although pundits love to remind audiences of famous polling errors such as ""Dewey Beats Truman"" in 1948, Wang reminds us that those moments are quite exceptional.

Nervous Republicans must also face the fact that Trump is the person who he is. Although people have speculated for months that Trump would pivot to a mode more appealing to the wider audience of general election voters, as opposed to the conservative base of the GOP, he has continually failed to stay that course. Occasionally he gives carefully calibrated speeches using a teleprompter, but then immediately reverts to his more extreme messages.

Trump has shown no interest in backing away from the kind of provocative style that brought him to the dance. His advisers have not been able to push him in a different direction and as he slips in the polls, his instincts seem to be to double down on this kind of behavior.

Always the showman, Trump has little personal incentive to back away from what has now become his brand of speaking. And an adviser such as Bannon is likely to favor the ""let Trump be Trump"" approach, rather than try to craft a new candidate at this late stage. In fact, he might push him even further in his provocation, given what Breitbart.com has specialized in.

African-Americans won't start turning to Trump after the kinds of statements he has made over the course of his campaign, including his slow response to calls to dissociate himself from white supremacist supporters.

Nor will the GOP as a whole easily reverse its disadvantage with African-American voters unless it works to reverse the damage that has been caused by the party's positions on key issues like voting rights, economic inequality and police violence. The fact that Trump hired an executive from the polemical Breitbart News is not evidence he moving toward a different mentality.

As the summer comes to a close, we are pretty late into the election game. There are some moments in US history, such as Hubert Humphrey's surge in the fall of 1968, when candidates have been able to rapidly gain ground on their opponents (of course Humphrey still lost the election). But by and large those comebacks don't happen too often. Given the chaotic and underdeveloped state of Trump's campaign field operation in the swing states, it will be extremely difficult for him to achieve anything of this sort.

Of course politics can take surprising and unexpected turns, as Trump's nomination proves. The three presidential debates, which begin in late September, offer an opportunity to change the direction of the race. And the possibility of some kind of crisis or data dump creates room for campaigns to shift course. Most often, however, there is no October Surprise.

Fundamentally changing the direction of the campaign is going to be extremely hard for the GOP. The recent comments and new campaign staff won't be enough. Republicans might conclude that they will be better off focusing on the Senate and House races than placing too much hope in the idea that the man at the top of the ticket has a big trick up his sleeve.",1
2981,Senate Blocks Bill To End Government Collection Of Phone Records,"The Senate worked late into the night Friday and early Saturday, but still failed to agree on extending government surveillance programs under the USA Patriot Act before the Memorial Day holiday.

Lawmakers blocked votes on both a House-passed bill and a short-term extension of the Patriot Act provisions that allow government surveillance programs.

Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says lawmakers will try again on May 31, the day before the provisions expire.

The Senate first took up the House bill, which would end the National Security Agency's bulk collection of domestic phone records. That bill, passed overwhelmingly by the House and supported by the Obama administration, required a 60-vote majority to proceed. It fell three votes short.

The Senate then failed to advance a two-month extension of the expiring Patriot Act provision that would extend the NSA phone records program. That vote was seven short of the required 69 votes, reports NPR Washington desk senior editor Shirley Henry.

Sen. Majority Leader McConnell tried to secure unanimous consent agreements on a number of measures aimed at preventing the program from lapsing on June 1, when the Patriot Act provision expires, Henry reports.

McConnell first proposed a measure to extend the act to June 8. But Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul, a Republican presidential contender, objected, saying he wants two amendments debated and voted on.

""Our forefathers would be aghast,"" Paul said.

Henry reports that McConnell then tried for an extension to June 5, but there was an objection. His proposal for June 3 met another objection; then Paul objected to a June 2 extension, Henry says.

Unable to get agreement on any extension, McConnell said the Senate will come back at 4 p.m. on May 31 to try again, beginning with a vote on the House bill. That gives lawmakers only a few hours to prevent the Patriot Act provisions from expiring.

The majority leader stressed that it's a dangerous time to allow the law to expire, given the threats overseas and attempted attacks here, and urged the Senate to act ""responsibly"" to protect the country, Henry reports.

The Justice Department has said the NSA would begin winding down collection of domestic phone records this week if the Senate failed to act, according to the Associated Press.",1
2206,New tensions erupt between the White House and Netanyahu,"Tensions between the White House and Benjamin Netanyahu escalated Wednesday as top administration officials condemned the Israeli prime minister’s plan to address Congress next week and Netanyahu accused six world powers, including the United States, of “giving up on their commitment” to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon.

The unusually public spat marked one of the lowest points in a relationship that has long bonded the two countries. Although the new round of recriminations reflected the frosty personal relations between President Obama and Netanyahu, it came at a critical juncture in multilateral talks designed to prevent Iran from using a civilian program to develop a nuclear weapon.

The prime minister has said the unfolding deal — to which Iran has not yet agreed — could pose an existential threat to the Jewish state. Obama, however, considers a deal a potential legacy that could ease nuclear tensions, lift trade restrictions on Iran and alter the region’s strategic calculus.

Congressional Democrats have been caught in the middle of the dispute. On Wednesday, Sen. Timothy M. Kaine (D-Va.) became the fourth senator to say he would skip Netanyahu’s speech, calling its timing “highly inappropriate.” Several members of the House also have said they will boycott the speech.

The latest volley of high-level criticism began when national security adviser Susan E. Rice, appearing Tuesday night on “Charlie Rose,” condemned Netanyahu’s decision to accept the invitation of House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) to appear at a joint meeting of Congress shortly before Israel’s elections.

By bypassing the White House, dealing only with GOP leaders and scheduling the speech just before Israelis vote, Netanyahu had “injected a degree of partisanship, which is not only unfortunate,” Rice said, “I think it’s destructive of the fabric of the relationship.”

At a Likud political convention in the Maale Adumim settlement just east of Jerusalem, Netanyahu fired back. “I respect the White House and the president of the United States, but on such a critical topic that could determine whether we exist or not, it is my duty to do everything to prevent this great danger to the state of Israel,” he said.

Congress could play a critical role in the Iran talks. It is weighing whether to add new sanctions to the current ones.

The existing sanctions, and those adopted by the European Union, are widely viewed as having helped push Iran to the bargaining table.

But Obama has vowed to veto any new sanctions and has urged Congress to wait at least a month for the outcome of the negotiations. Obama has said that if the talks fail, he will move to tighten economic restrictions.

Secretary of State John F. Kerry defended the administration’s negotiations in testimony before the House Foreign Affairs Committee — and took a swipe at Netanyahu.

“I’ll tell you, Israel is safer today with the added time we have given and the stoppage of the advances of the Iranian nuclear program than before,” Kerry said. Referring to the accord that eased sanctions slightly while negotiations took place, he said: “We got that agreement — which, by the way, the prime minister opposed. He was wrong. And today he’s saying we should be extending that interim agreement.”

No love has been lost between Obama and Netanyahu.

“This is clearly the most dysfunctional relationship between an American and Israeli leader,” said Aaron David Miller, a vice president at the Wilson Center and a former U.S. negotiator and adviser in Republican and Democratic administrations. Moreover, he said, “the durability is troubling.”

He said that earlier tensions preceded incremental peace accords but that Obama and Netanyahu remain far apart on basic issues and that Kerry’s efforts to bring Israel and Palestinians together failed.

Now their personal tensions have put Democratic lawmakers in awkward positions that threaten bipartisanship when it comes to Israel.

Democrats have been wrestling over whether to boycott the speech, as senior Obama administration officials plan to do. This will be the third time Netanyahu has addressed the full Congress, tying Winston Churchill’s record.

Because Netanyahu did not arrange his visit through the White House, Obama has said that he will not meet with him, and Vice President Biden has made plans to travel abroad.

“This puts Democrats in a position where they have to choose between their support for Israel and their Democratic president — and do it in a very visible way,” said Martin Indyk, a vice president at the Brookings Institution and a former U.S. ambassador to Israel.

“There is no reason to schedule this speech before Israeli voters go to the polls on March 17 and choose their own leadership,” Kaine said in a statement Wednesday. “I am disappointed that, as of now, the speech has not been postponed. For this reason, I will not attend the speech.”

Kaine will join Senate colleagues Patrick J. Leahy (D-Vt.), Bernard Sanders (I-Vt.) and Brian Schatz (D-Hawaii) in skipping the address.

According to an unofficial estimate by one Senate Democrat, about 30 members of that caucus are expected to attend the speech and nearly 15 others are still deciding whether to boycott. One such Democrat is Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.), a freshman who serves on the Foreign Relations Committee.

“It’s really offensive, but I think it’s a protocol breach, not a policy break,” he said.

Generally an ally of Israel, Murphy said his biggest concern was the spectacle occurring so close to the Israeli elections. “I don’t want to be part of a campaign speech,” he said. “It makes the whole thing look more politics-based.”

The American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), which said it didn’t know about Netanyahu’s plans ahead of time, said lawmakers should put aside the protocol issues and listen to the prime minister’s message on the Iran talks.

Netanyahu was invited by Sens. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) and Richard J. Durbin (D-Ill.) to attend a separate event with Democratic lawmakers, but he declined. In a letter, he said that it “could compound the misperception of partisanship regarding my upcoming visit.”

Sen. Orrin G. Hatch (R-Utah) said: “It’s unseemly what the Democrats have done to try and make this a political issue. I think the president has acted like an oaf, an oaf. O-a-f. . . . I don’t even want to get into it. I’m just mad.”

Meanwhile, leaked details about Iran nuclear negotiations have made many lawmakers more interested in what Netanyahu has to say.

“I think his voice will resonate more credibly if that’s the deal that’s in the making,” said Abraham Foxman, national director of the Anti-Defamation League. “Both the president and prime minister share the goal of preventing Iran from going nuclear. How to get there is what separates them.” Foxman initially called Netanyahu’s speech “ill-advised” but now says he will attend.

Sen. Jack Reed (D-R.I.), one of Obama’s strongest allies on the Hill, plans to attend Netanyahu’s speech. “I’m interested in what the prime minister is going to say,” Reed said. “I think it’s already been made an unnecessarily complicated political issue, but there is still this need to learn as much as we can about the situation.”

Many will hear Netanyahu on Monday, when he addresses the annual AIPAC convention. AIPAC expects 16,000 people to attend, including about 50 lawmakers.

Katie Zezima and Mike DeBonis in Washington and William Booth in Israel contributed to this report.",1
2501,Supreme Court divided on Obama's immigration actions,"Washington (CNN) The Supreme Court appeared closely divided along ideological lines during oral arguments Monday in a case that could determine President Barack Obama's legacy on immigration.

Conservative justices questioned Obama's authority to use executive actions to shield some 4 million undocumented immigrants from deportation. Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito seemed particularly concerned with language in the administration's guidance that said the program's recipients would be ""lawfully present,"" which they suggested would contradict immigration law.

""How is it possible to lawfully work in the United States without lawfully being in the United States?"" Alito asked.

Roberts added: ""I mean, they're lawfully present, and yet, they're present in violation of the law?""

Liberals on the bench seemed sympathetic to the administration's arguments. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg noted at one point that there are 11.3 million undocumented aliens in the country and Congress has provided funds for removing about 4 million. ""So inevitably, priorities have to be set,"" she said.

Justice Sonia Sotomayor said there are not enough resources to deport everyone. ""They are here whether we want them or not,"" she said.

Obama announced the moves to great fanfare in late 2014, as a response to congressional inaction on immigration reform. But a federal court blocked them after Texas and 25 other states sued.

Busloads of immigrants' rights activists -- some of them undocumented -- appeared on the court's plaza to support the policies. The moves are meant to shield them from deportation and allow them work permits.

Nancy Garcia, a U.S. citizen from Milwaukee, who was protesting with the Wisconsin group Voces de la Frontera (Voices from the Border), said she became active on the issue after Wisconsin lawmakers tried to crack down on undocumented immigrants.

""We're not drug lords. We're not rapists. We're good people,"" Garcia said.

Tea Party Patriots member Gregg Cummings said he arrived at 6 a.m. to find a spot in front of the court to protest the executive actions. Cummings, from Lamoni, Iowa, said he is concerned about the prospect of Obama's Supreme Court nominee, Judge Merrick Garland, changing the ideological balance of the court.

""Our number one purpose of being here is supporting the senators better standing strong on no votes on the new Supreme Court justice,"" he said.

Critics of Obama's moves say they are part of a pattern of the White House looking to go around the Republican Congress.

""Basically the President has stepped in and taken over what normally would be associated with Congress,"" Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton said in an interview. ""Congress makes the laws.""

Roberts also seemed concerned with the scope of the government's argument defending Obama's moves. ""Under your argument, could the President grant deferred removal to every unlawful -- unlawfully present alien in the United States right now?"" he asked Solicitor General Donald Verrilli.

At one point, Justice Anthony Kennedy suggested that the president might have strayed into Congress' territory. ""It's as if -- that the President is setting the policy and Congress is executing it,"" he said. ""That's just upside down.""

The GOP Congress was involved at oral arguments as well. The House of Representatives, in an unusual move, intervened in the case against the administration, and had 15 minutes before the eight justices.

That only eight justices are hearing the case -- due to the death in February of Justice Antonin Scalia -- could impact the final result. A split court between the four Democratic-appointed justices and four GOP-appointed justices would mean the programs remain blocked and the case is sent back to the district court in Texas that blocked them in the first place.

For the administration, a key argument before the court is to say that the states do not have the legal right to bring the case in the first place. If it can convince a majority of justices on that issue, the court may not even get to the merits of the immigration debate.

All eyes were on Roberts, who has in past cases sometimes limited who can bring challenges to court. On Monday, he asked some critical questions of the government's position, but it was unclear how interested he might be in dismissing the case on standing.

""The question is: Does Texas have the right to bring this case?"" said CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin. ""Texas says if you give legal status to these people, then we'll have to give them drivers licenses. The federal government says there's nothing in this law about drivers licenses. This law is directed entirely at the immigrants themselves, it does not impose any obligations on the states. So the states should not have the right to challenge it. That's the standing argument. I think the Obama administration thinks they have a better chance at winning over one of the conservatives on standing than they do on the merits of the case.""

Elizabeth Wydra, President of the Constitutional Accountability Center, who filed a brief in support of the government says she wouldn't write off the chief justice on the merits of the case or on the issue of standing.

""On the merits, Chief Justice Roberts' concerns seemed to be alleviated when the Solicitor General clarified that undocumented immigrants—given relief under the programs -- are simply afforded deferred action but none the less are subject to removal proceedings at any time the executive changes its enforcement priorities,"" she said.

Should it win on that count, the injunction would be lifted, and the programs would be able to go into effect during the final months of the Obama presidency.

However, because the actions can be changed or reversed by the next President, immigrants would have to decide whether to come forward for the remaining months of the Obama administration or risk doing so with the possibility of Donald Trump or Ted Cruz in the White House.

""There's no question that the ultimate fate of the deferred action policy hangs in the balance of the upcoming election,"" said Stephen I. Vladeck, a professor of law at American University and CNN Legal Analyst.

""Like any other executive order, it can be modified, rescinded, or expanded by the next President, and codified or overruled by the next Congress,"" Vladeck added. ""But the fact that the Supreme Court expedited its consideration of the Obama administration's appeal so that it could resolve the dispute by June suggests that, even short-handed, the justices want to have their own say first.""

The White House announced the programs in November 2014, issuing a five-page guidance memo enabling qualifying undocumented workers to receive temporary relief from the threat of deportation and to apply for programs that could qualify them for work authorization and associated benefits.

The Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents (DAPA) targets the nearly 4.3 million undocumented parents of citizens and lawful residents, and the second rule expands Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), initiative aimed at non citizens who came to the country as children.

""We'll bring more undocumented immigrants out of the shadows so they can play by the rules, pay their full share of taxes, pass a criminal background check and get right with the law,"" Obama told an audience in Nevada after the programs were announced.

The programs remain frozen nationwide. They were first blocked by a federal judge in Texas and a divided federal appeals court later upheld the preliminary injunction.

Obama's lawyers argue in court papers that the lower court rulings threatened great harm, ""not only to the proper role of federal courts and to federal immigration law, but also to millions of parents of U.S. citizens and permanent residents, aliens who are the lowest priorities for removal yet now work off the books to support their families.""

As a threshold issue, Verrilli says that the states don't have the legal right to be in court, because the Constitution ""assigns the formation of immigration policy exclusively to the National Government precisely because immigration is an inherently national matter.""

He stressed that the guidance from the government does not provide any kind of lawful status under immigration law as the aliens remain removable at any time.

""Immigrant communities fought for these programs,"" said Marielena Hincapié, the executive director of the National Immigration Law Center. She says that her groups have been informing people about the risks of the rules being changed by the next president and she believes many will come forward should the Obama administration win.

Texas Solicitor General Scott Keller argues that the states have standing to bring the challenge in part because DAPA would create a new class of recipients for state subsidized driver's licenses in Texas. He says that Texas would stand to lose millions of dollars if even a small fraction of DAPA eligible aliens applied.

""DAPA is an extraordinary assertion of executive power,"" Keller wrote in court papers. ""The Executive has unilaterally crafted an enormous program -- one of the largest changes ever to our Nation's approach to immigration,"" he said. ""In doing so, the Executive dispensed with immigration statutes by declaring unlawful conduct to be lawful.""

He points to the guidance and says that the eligible undocumented immigrations would be permitted to be ""lawfully present in the United States,"" which would make them eligible for work authorization and some types of Social Security and Medicare benefits.

Texas is supported by the GOP-led House of Representatives, who say that the programs went forward after the President failed in his attempts to persuade Congress to revise immigration laws.

Erin E. Murphy, a lawyer for the House, called the administration's position, ""the most aggressive of executive power claims.""

Andrew Pincus, a lawyer who supports the administration's position, says that allowing Texas to bring the case would have broad implications.

""If a state can sue every time the federal government does something to increase the state's costs, states could sue to challenge almost anything the federal government does,"" he said.

Pincus points out that Texas is not objecting to the administration's use of prosecutorial discretion, it just doesn't want the undocumented workers to be able to work legally.

""You are saying to these people, you can stay here, but we are keeping you in a bubble,"" he said.",1
2433,The Freakout From An Obamacare Ruling Could Be Unlike Anything We've Seen,"WASHINGTON -- Experts have a pretty good sense of what will happen if the Supreme Court rules in favor of the plaintiffs in King v. Burwell, cutting off Obamacare’s tax credits in roughly two-thirds of the states. Without that financial assistance, most of the people now buying insurance through healthcare.gov, the online marketplace run by the federal government, wouldn’t be able to pay for their coverage anymore.

 

 A ruling wouldn’t affect people living in states like California and Kentucky, which operate their own insurance marketplaces. But the results in the rest of the country would be dramatic and visible. More than 8 million people would end up uninsured, according to estimates by the non-partisan Urban Institute. Economic disarray would follow, as panicked insurance companies hiked premiums and pulled out of markets suddenly bereft of customers.

What the experts can’t say is how people would feel about such a shock, because it’s hard to think of a time when government took away benefits from so many people, across such a large swath of the country, within such a short time. There just isn’t a great historical analogue for predicting how people would react -- or, for that matter, how that reaction would affect politics. Even veteran strategists seem stumped.

 

 But one recent episode may offer some clues. It comes, ironically enough, from Obamacare’s own history.

 

 In the fall of 2013, insurance companies canceled coverage for millions of Americans, either because the old policies weren’t up to Obamacare’s standards or because the insurers decided the old policies were no longer profitable to sell. The cancellations surprised most Americans, not least because President Barack Obama had famously promised that people who liked their old insurance plans could keep them. You couldn’t turn on the television without hearing from somebody dismayed, angry, or scared about what was happening. Looking back at 2013, it’s hard to remember a time when, for better or worse, a change in domestic policy created so much turmoil.

 

 The differences between 2013 and a potential Supreme Court decision are large enough to make direct comparisons impossible. That’s particularly true when it comes to figuring out who an angry public would hold responsible this time around. The court’s conservative majority, for issuing such a decision? Republicans, for backing this case and trying to take away people’s insurance? Obama and the Democrats, for creating the law in the first place?

 

 But if the 2013 controversy doesn’t indicate much about the shape of a reaction to a Supreme Court reaction, it may say something about the scale -- and why the intensity of reaction this time, whatever its direction, is likely to be even larger than it was last time.

 

 One reason for this is the raw numbers involved. Nobody knows exactly how many policies insurance companies actually canceled in the fall of 2013. At one point, The Associated Press compiled an estimate, based on reports from state insurance officials, suggesting that the number was close to 5 million. But subsequent estimates suggested that number was far too high. One of the most thorough examinations available came from Lisa Clemans-Cope and Nathaniel Anderson at the Urban Institute. They concluded that cancellations probably numbered around 2.6 million. Jon Gabel, from the University of Chicago, came up with an even smaller number: 1.9 million.

You shouldn't take either figure as gospel. In both cases, the scholars in effect juxtaposed survey data with estimates of the number of people with “non-group” insurance, which itself has been difficult for experts to measure. But even if the Urban Institute and Gabel estimates are low by a million or two -- which would be a huge error -- it’d still be far less than the 7.7 million who would instantly lose insurance from an adverse ruling in King v. Burwell -- to say nothing of the millions more who would have to pay higher premiums in the future because state insurance markets would be in such trouble.

 

 And the people who got cancellation notices last time didn’t necessarily end up in worse shape. On the contrary, a large percentage of the people with canceled policies became eligible either for Medicaid, which is basically free, or subsidized insurance, which cost much less than the old, unsubsidized policies. Exactly how many has been difficult to pin down, because the data on what people were paying before the change -- and what they were getting for that money -- is so spotty. But some of the best information available comes from the Kaiser Family Foundation, which surveyed people buying coverage in the new markets. Forty-six percent of respondents who’d lost non-compliant plans said they had found new policies that cost less, while another 15 percent said they found new policies that cost roughly the same. Just 39 percent -- a significant fraction, but still a minority -- ended up paying more.

By contrast, if the Supreme Court yanks tax credits in the states using healthcare.gov, then 100 percent of the people who were receiving that assistance will see their premiums go up. The increases will not be small. Calculations from the Kaiser Foundation suggest that, for people who now rely on tax credits, premiums would rise on average by $268 each month -- enough, again, to make the cost of maintaining coverage prohibitive.

And that, ultimately, is the biggest difference between the 2013 cancellations and what would happen, this summer, if the court strikes down subsidies in the healthcare.gov states. Two years ago, if you were one of those people who lost your coverage, you were still able to find an alternative. And thanks to the law’s regulations -- yes, the same ones that sometimes made coverage more expensive -- you at least knew that your new policy was comprehensive. It had to include all essential benefits, including mental health and prescription coverage. And it had to limit your out-of-pocket expenses. This summer, if the Supreme Court takes away your coverage, you'll end up with ... nothing. Just like that, you’ll go from the ranks of the safely insured to the ranks of the uninsured -- a far more drastic, and hazardous, transition than people experienced because of plan cancellations in 2013.

To be clear, forcing millions of people to change insurance policies back then was plenty disruptive, far more so than the law’s advocates realized it would be. But that disruption was part of a transition to a new environment for health insurance -- one in which more people had coverage and those with coverage were more secure. By contrast, the (considerably) greater disruptions from a Supreme Court decision eliminating tax credits would signal a return to the pre-Obamacare status quo -- an environment in which many fewer people had insurance and those with coverage couldn’t be as confident it would pay for their needs. 

 

 Such a transformation could be a nightmare for whichever politicians the public holds responsible -- to say nothing of the people who suddenly find themselves with no way to pay their medical bills.

",1
1482,Why Trump may be winning the war on ‘political correctness’,"Cathy Cuthbertson once worked at what might be thought of as a command post of political correctness — the campus of a prestigious liberal arts college in Ohio.

“You know, I couldn’t say ‘Merry Christmas.’ And when we wrote things, we couldn’t even say ‘he’ or ‘she,’ because we had transgender. People of color. I mean, we had to watch every word that came out of our mouth, because we were afraid of offending someone, but nobody’s afraid of offending me,” the former administrator said.

All of which helps explain why the 63-year-old grandmother showed up at a recent Donald Trump rally in Hilton Head Island, S.C., where she moved when she retired a year ago.

The Republican front-runner is “saying what a lot of Americans are thinking but are afraid to say because they don’t think that it’s politically correct,” she said. “But we’re tired of just standing back and letting everyone else dictate what we’re supposed to think and do.”

In the 2016 Republican presidential primary season, “political correctness” has become the all-purpose enemy. The candidates have suggested that it is the explanation for seemingly every threat that confronts the country: terrorism, illegal immigration, an economic recovery that is leaving many behind, to name just a few.

Others argue that growing antipathy to the notion of political correctness has become an all-purpose excuse for the inexcusable. They say it has emboldened too many to express racism, sexism and intolerance, which endure even as the country grows more diverse.

“Driving powerful sentiments underground is not the same as expunging them,” said William A. Galston, a Brookings Institution scholar who advised President Bill Clinton. “What we’re learning from Trump is that a lot of people have been biting their lips, but not changing their minds.”

[Donald Trump’s provocative first TV ad raises the temperature of GOP race]

One thing is clear: Trump is channeling a very mainstream frustration.

In an October poll by Fairleigh Dickinson University, 68 percent agreed with the proposition that “a big problem this country has is being politically correct.”

It was a sentiment felt strongly across the political spectrum, by 62 percent of Democrats, 68 percent of independents and 81 percent of Republicans. Among whites, 72 percent said they felt that way, but so did 61 percent of nonwhites.

“People feel tremendous cultural condescension directed at them,” and that their values are being “smirked at, laughed at” by the political and media elite, said GOP strategist Steve Schmidt.

“ ‘Political correctness’ are the two words that best respond to everything that a conservative feels put upon,” added pollster Frank Luntz, who has advised Republicans. The label is, he said, a validation that what many on the right see as legitimate policy and cultural differences are not the same as racism, sexism or heartlessness.

“Allegations of racism and sexism have turned into powerful silencing devices,” Galston agreed. “You can be opposed to affirmative action without being a racist.”

The PC backlash does not necessarily mean that people support the kinds of things that Trump is saying, or the way he says them.

When the Fairleigh Dickinson pollsters added his name to the same question — prefacing it with “Donald Trump said recently . . . ” — the numbers dropped sharply. Only 53 percent said they agree that political correctness is a major problem.

This is not a new debate. It has raged since at least the early 1990s, when college campuses began adopting speech codes. Some went well beyond obvious slurs — with animal rights activists contending, for instance, that the word “pet”was disrespectful and should be changed to “companion animal.”

More recently, the PC wars have flared again in academia, where there is an ongoing argument over whether campuses should be a “safe space” where students are protected from upsetting ideas, and receive “trigger warnings” when course material contains distressing information.

Few would argue that it is wrong to confront and eliminate prejudice. But even some liberals have called political correctness a form of McCarthyism aimed at stifling free expression.

Trump has brought the question from the university quad to the political arena in a way that no leading candidate has in the past.

For many, “it’s satisfying to have a loud tribune like Trump,” said David Axelrod, who was President Obama’s top campaign adviser. “But I don’t think the hunger for authentic plain speech is Trump-specific. One of the appeals of [Democratic presidential candidate] Bernie Sanders is that people think he says exactly what he thinks and is not passing it through a filter. There is a fundamental yearning for authenticity that is probably felt more broadly.”

The edgy liberal comedian Bill Maher, who for nearly a decade hosted a talk show called “Politically Incorrect,” has said that Trump’s ideas sound “a little ­Hitler-adjacent.”

But he has also noted a yearning for “somebody to say, ‘You know what, I just don’t bend to your bull----.’ And Donald Trump, I’ve got to say, I don’t agree with him on a lot, but I kind of get him. We’ve been doing the same thing.”

Trump sounded the anti-PC clarion call at the first Republican debate in August, when moderator ­Megyn Kelly of Fox News challenged him on comments that he had made disparaging women.

“I think the big problem this country has is being politically correct,” he said. “I’ve been challenged by so many people, and I don’t frankly have time for total political correctness. And to be honest with you, this country doesn’t have time either. This country is in big trouble. We don’t win anymore. We lose to China. We lose to Mexico both in trade and at the border. We lose to everybody.”

[Donald Trump says we’re all too politically correct. But is that also a way to limit speech?]

It is hard to follow the logic of an argument that insulting women could somehow make the country stronger overseas. But the sentiment behind it came through clearly.

And it has been picked up by other GOP contenders.

“Political correctness is killing people,” said Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.), because it prevents the Obama administration from focusing on the communications and activities of potential terrorists who are Muslims.

“Political correctness is ruining our country,” said former neurosurgeon Ben Carson, after he was criticized for saying a Muslim should not be president.

It is corrosive, Carson said in an interview, because “many people will not say what they believe because someone will look askance at them, call them a name. Somebody will mess with their job, their family. This was not supposed to be the way it was in America.”

Last month’s terrorist attack in San Bernardino, Calif., carried out by a Muslim couple who appear to have been inspired by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS, has become a case in point for many conservatives.

They say political correctness has made the Obama administration too timid in calling it what it is — which is why Cruz and other Republicans taunt the president for not uttering the phrase “radical Islamic terrorism.”

“What animates ISIS is an ­apocalyptic religious philosophy. People look at that and don’t understand the unwillingness to say red is red and blue is blue,” Schmidt said. “We live in a post-fact America, where the facts are subordinate to the advancement of an ideology.”

Political strategists and others say a number of other forces are behind the backlash. It has both a cultural and an economic component, and it also reflects the continuing polarization that has grown deeper during Obama’s presidency.

“For many of these people, they played the game by the rules, and essentially, they got shafted,” Democratic pollster Peter Hart said.

Trump is “the voice of an aggrieved cohort in our society — lower-middle-income working whites who have taken the hit from the big changes in the economy, and are angry about it,” Axelrod said. “He creates a permission structure for others.”

Cuthbertson, for instance, made a connection between her frustrations over political correctness and the other things she sees going on around her.

“I look at what I get every month — and thank God, I was financially savvy and saved. I can’t live off Social Security. And you look at these people who have never worked and they’re having babies and they’re getting free rent and free food stamps and free medical care,” she said. “I couldn’t afford what they have on my Social Security, and I worked 50 years.”

“Something has to be done because we’re shrinking, we’re being taken over by people that want to change what America is,” she added. “You can’t say it nicely.”",1
3483,House Republicans say IRS should blame itself for rough tax season,"It was a tough tax season for the Internal Revenue Service, but GOP lawmakers in Congress says the agency only has itself to blame.

Last month, IRS commissioner John Koskinen said that years of budget cuts and staffing losses had led to “abysmal” customer service from his agency. But Republicans on the House Ways and Means Committee say the agency’s financial problems stem from bad budgeting decisions, employee bonuses, and overspending on administrative costs.

“The IRS’s spending decisions have real consequences for taxpayers,” the GOP representatives said in a report on Wednesday. “Wasteful spending and failure to prioritize taxpayer assistance led to millions of calls going unanswered for filing season 2015.”

[In the IRS help line, dejection is standard]

Committee Republicans found that the IRS spent $60 million on employee bonuses in 2014, an amount they said could have been used to field over 7 million customer calls. The report also points to a $134 million cut in user fees allocated to customer support as another area where the IRS could have better utilized its already tight budget.

There is no denying that the agency budget has shrunk lately, with Congress cutting the IRS budget by more than $1 billion over the past five years. But the report found that the agency has reduced spending on customer service.

The IRS has the authority to decide how it spends some revenue from user fees that the agency collects. The amount of discretionary funds available to the IRS increased from $310 million in 2010 to $481 million in fiscal year 2015, but total funding for taxpayer assistance fell by 6 percent, according to the report.

In 2011, the agency spent $129 million on taxpayer services and $79 million on operations support. In 2015, taxpayer services funding was scheduled to drop to $49 million while support funds were set for $411 million. Committee Republicans argued that that shift in priorities could have been avoided.

Koskinen predicted the tax year would be difficult for taxpayers and IRS employees alike as early as January, when he wrote a bleak warning letter to agency employees.

“This year we are looking at a situation where realistically we have no choice but to do less with less,” he wrote.

The result was a tax season riddled with confusion and long lines like those revealed in a Washington Post article this month.

Koskinen is scheduled to testify before the Ways and Means Committee on Wednesday about the 2015 tax filing season and IRS operations.",1
2739,5 worst right-wing moments of the week — Palin & Trump declare war on Bill O’Reilly,"It’s extremely lonely being Sarah Palin, lonely at the outer lunatic fringe of the right-wing universe. There are the voices stringing together those non sequiturs in her head, of course, but where are her Fox News friends? They’re faux friends, that’s what they are.

After the universally ridiculed stream of nonsense that issued from Sarah Palin at last weekend’s conservative confab in Iowa, she came out swinging during an appearance on “Hannity.” Sean Hannity, it should be noted, is apparently conservative enough for Palin. That’s a relief. But O’Reilly, who dared question her seriousness about a possible run for president in 2016? He’s trouble.

“There needs to be unity, understanding,” Palin told Hannity. “Conservatives have that strike against us right off the bat, that being the media. Even there on Fox, you know, kind of a quasi- or assumed conservative outlet ... and soon we have all day listening to the tease of Bill O’Reilly’s.""

Hmmm, did Roger Ailes get the memo about the ""quasi-conservative"" operation he's running? Someone should really tell him. Palin then spewed some more sentence fragments that made sense to her:

Hope away, Sarah. They all see you as a joke. All of them. Every last one of them.

Donald Trump? Did someone say Donald Trump? Nothing gets Trump's attention like his own name.

When he heard that Bill O'Reilly had questioned his seriousness as a presidential contender, the Trumpster took to Twitter, accusing O'Reilly of ""bad and very deceptive journalism."" This came as a complete shock to O'Reilly, who had no idea anyone considered what he does journalism. He thinks he is just bestowing wisdom on an adoring public.

The two raging egomaniacs chitty chatted by phone Thursday during O'Reilly's show, and it was amicable enough up to a point.

""I don't think you're going to run for president,"" O'Reilly told Trump. ""But if you decide to run, you've got to know that building the organization that you'd have to build is very difficult for someone who's never done it before.""

No one tells Trump he doesn't know how to build things.

""But how do you know I'm not building it now, Bill?"" Trump said.

""Because you're playing golf in Miami, Donald,"" O'Reilly said.

Isn't that what presidents do?

Trump refused to ""take back"" the tweet, and O'Reilly advised him, ""Don't be a pinhead. Don't tweet.""

This war within the conservoverse is very, very worrisome. This highly combustible combination of blow-hardism and hot air might just explode. Then conservative brain matter will litter the land like confetti, and hopefully be scooped up by scientists who will study the nature of this soon-to-be-extinct species.

Aw shucks, and gosh golly. Mike Huckabee sure is shocked at how these city slickers act. The author of God, Guns, Grits, and Gravy, and presumed presidential contender, is all about wholesome activities like traveling to the local gun range and not listening to the ""mental poison"" that is Beyoncé, but he is shocked by the mouths on these big-city women. The cursing! The dropping of the F-bomb! Like it's normal and everything. Someone has to teach these ladies a lesson.

""In New York, not only do the men do it, but the women do it,"" Huckabee said in an interview with Iowa radio host Jan Mickelson. ""You just are looking around saying, 'My gosh, this is worse than locker room talk.' This would be considered totally inappropriate to say these things in front of a woman. And for a woman to say them in a professional setting, we would only assume that this is a very, as we would say in the south, 'That's just trashy!'""

Fellow Fox newsian, Megyn Kelly does not truck with ""trashy."" She invited her former colleage on her show this week to give him a quick update on ... women, women who work, life, and reality.

“Well, I do have some news for you,"" Kelly said at the end of their little chat. ""We're not only swearing. We’re drinking, we’re smoking, we’re having premarital sex with birth control before we go to work, and sometimes boss around a bunch of men.”

Huckabee kept that silly grin on his face, but when he realized with horror what she was saying (sex with birth control, egads!) he begged her to stop, said he hated to hear that, and presumably ran screaming into the New York night.

4. Fox News has very nuanced discussion of sexual assault on campuses.

Oh, hahahhahaha. Just kidding. They totally didn't. Several female Fox newsians did sit around on their half-circle couches and discussed the fact that the University of Virginia has suggested sorority women stay home this weekend since fraternities will be partying hard during something Greek-lifers call ""bid week."" They discussed and deplored it, and naturally pointed out again that sexual assault, when it does happen on campuses (although it basically does not happen on campuses because women always lie about these things), is women's fault. In a piece of sterling analysis, Stacy Dash pointed out, ""The good girls stay home."" ""Women,"" her co-hosts interjected. ""The bad girls—bad women,"" Dash snickered, ""the ones who like to play, go out and play and sometimes get hurt."" But that is okay, because, they are, you know, bad.  ""Alcohol is not to blame. It's the same thing with guns,"" Dash said, finally getting to her metaphor. ""Guns don't kill people. People do."" Also, could we just add, people who play with guns, people who have guns, people who have kids and guns, kids who have parents who have guns, etc....it's never the guns.  ""Alcohol doesn't get you drunk,"" she added. ""You get yourself drunk."" And to bring it all back home, then you get yourself raped. Because rapists don't rape people, people get themselves raped. Clear?

There are definite perks to being a governor. One is that you can officially declare holidays whenever the hell you want.  Republican Texas governor Greg Abbott enjoyed this little perk this week when he officially declared February 2 ""Chris Kyle Day"" in honor of the real-life American sniper who killed many Iraqis, bragged about it, called all Muslims savages, and got a movie made out of his exploits starring Bradley Cooper.

Chris Kyle is Gov. Abbott's kind of guy. “In honor of a Texas son, a Navy SEAL and an American hero, a man who defended his brothers and sisters in arms on and off the battlefield,"" Abbott said during a speech at the Texans Veterans of Foreign Affairs Mid-Winter Convention in Austin. ""I am declaring February 2nd Chris Kyle Day in Texas.”

He left out the part where Kyle was killed by a disgruntled U.S. veteran on a Texas gun range in 2013. Nor did he say anything about the uptick in violence and violent rhetoric against Muslims who happen to make their home in Texas (and elsewhere) since the film's release. He had zero to say about the Republican lawmaker who proposed that Muslims in Texas take an oath of loyalty to the United States while sporting an Israeli flag on her desk.

So, how exactly should people go about celebrating Chris Kyle Day? Perhaps by going to their local gun range.",1
2235,Clinton campaign stiff-arms reporter in coverage pool,"To share the high costs of covering the presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton, more than a dozen news organizations banded together to form a press pool — essentially a collaborative in which reporters from contributing organizations take turns shadowing the Democratic front-runner and sending back e-mailed reports of her every move. The whole idea rests upon the expectation that the Clinton campaign will provide access to the pool reporter.

David Martosko, U.S. political editor for the Daily Mail, sent an e-mail to his fellow pool participants early today alerting them to trouble on the trail: “Hillary pool report #1 — might be final for today,” noted Martosko in his first message. The pooler had shown up at 7:45 a.m. at the Puritan Backroom in Manchester ready for action. A press staffer with the New Hampshire Democratic Party told Martosko that he “wasn’t the approved print pool reporter for today’s pooled events.”

A subsequent pool report from Martosko summarized a conversation that he’d had with Clinton campaign spokesman Nick Merrill. Martosko writes of Merrill:

He offered varied and contradictory reasons for this decision. First he confirmed that the concern had to do with the Daily Mail’s status as foreign press: “We’ve been getting a lot of blowback from foreign outlets that want to be part of the pool and we need to rethink it all, maybe for a day, and just cool things off until we can have a discussion.” Your pool informed him that the Guardian is part of the pool, and that the pool doesn’t discriminate on the basis of media ownership. He then said that the campaign’s position is that the Daily Mail doesn’t qualify because it hasn’t yet been added to the White House’s regular print pool – something the pool informed him was a timing issue, not a White House choice, since Francesca Chambers, our White House correspondent, has been vetted and has a hard pass. “We’re just trying to follow the same process and system the White House has,” he said. Merrill then insisted that the decision had “nothing to do” with the campaign considering the Daily Mail foreign press. “We don’t consider you foreign press,” he said. It’s your pooler’s understanding that this was the only reason given last night when Nick sprung this on Ruby Cramer of Buzzfeed, who coordinates the pool. Pool pointed out to Merrill that if the campaign is denying pool access to foreign press, but won’t take the position that the Daily Mail is foreign press, the position is untenable. Then he said: “This isn’t about you. It’s about a larger –” and didn’t continue his sentence. Merrill later insisted that his reasons were not based on the foreign-press question, but that the campaign simply wanted a day to “have a conversation” about how to proceed. “We’re going to make the decision,” he said, referring to choosing whether to give access to the designated print pooler. Your pooler told Merrill that he seemed to be contradicting himself, and pointed out the murky situation of foreign ownership interests in several outlets in the pool. He reiterated that the campaign could choose to decline pool coverage, and claimed that “it’s my understanding that the pool wasn’t sending a reporter today.” Your pooler informed him that “the pool sent me and I’m here,” and that the pool would show up at all the events today whether or not the campaign chose to grant access, and would request access each time. He offered that this afternoon’s launch party, one of three calendared events for the day, “is open press, so there’s no issue with that one.” The pool lodged one further objection and reminded him that the call was on the record since he’s a campaign spokesperson and there was no discussion about the on-off-background status of the call at any time.

As the morning progressed, Martosko chauffered himself around to the campaign’s stops. At 11:00 a.m, he issued “Pool report #5 — denied entry at the Rochester, NH event.” In this dispatch, Martosko describes how he was carefully denied access to an early childhood education event at the YMCA of Strafford County:

The Erik Wemple Blog placed the matter before Merrill in an e-mail, and the spokesman quickly replied: “We want a happy press corps as much as the press corps does. And we work very hard to achieve that in tandem with them. It’s a long campaign, and we are going to do our best to find equilibrium and best accommodate interest from as many news outlets as possible, given the space limitations of our events.”

Everyone in the campaign world understands space limitations — and those space limitations are precisely one of the reasons that the pool exists in the first place. Why not have one reporter chronicling the quotidian travels of a top candidate instead of 12 or 15 reporters doing the same? In any case, Martosko is part of a pool that includes outlets such as The Washington Post, the New York Times, Buzzfeed and others.

Martosko himself isn’t above adding a bit of media commentary to his work on the trail, as in this tweet from Saturday, following Clinton’s big speech:

In landing at the Daily Mail, Martosko followed a colorful path. He formerly served as executive editor of the Daily Caller, a position in which he directed the outlet’s much-discredited reporting that Sen. Robert Menendez had romped with prostitutes on a trip to the Dominican Republic. And before that, he worked at the Center for Consumer Freedom, a nonprofit run by PR ace Richard Berman. In that position, Martosko used a phony Facebook account to gather dirt on animal-rights activists.

The Daily Mail has issued this statement on the matter:

“We can confirm that David Martosko, U.S. Political Editor, DailyMail.com was today denied access to Hillary Clinton’s campaign event and was prohibited from boarding a van that the Clinton campaign is using to transport pool reporters around New Hampshire. We are seeking an explanation from the Clinton campaign as to why this occurred as Mr. Martosko was scheduled to be the designated print pool reporter in New Hampshire this morning.”

Scott Wilson, deputy national editor of the Washington Post, expressed concern with the sequence of events. “Who participates in the pool should be decided by the news organizations, not the campaign, and there can be no selective exclusions based on outlet or individual once the pool is set,” notes Wilson in an e-mail. “The campaign’s rules should be clarified as soon as possible and shared with pool representatives so that what happened to David yesterday is not repeated.” When asked whether a backup pool reporter was allowed to hop on board after Martosko’s denial, Merrill responded, “Absolutely,” though the pool “declined.”

This post has been updated numerous times, given the rolling nature of the story.",1
4939,Donald Trump: 'I'm not flip-flopping' on immigration,"Washington (CNN) It's still undecided whether Donald Trump will continue to support forced deportation of millions of undocumented immigrants living in the US, his campaign manager said Sunday. But Trump himself insisted Monday, ""I'm not flip-flopping.""

""I'm not flip flopping,"" the Republican presidential nominee told Fox News on the issue Monday. ""We want to come up with a fair but firm process. Fair but firm."" He did not, however, provide any specifics or elaborate on his position further.

When asked by repeated questioning by CNN's Dana Bash on ""State of the Union"" on Sunday whether Trump stood behind the idea of a deportation task force, Kellyanne Conway, Trump's new campaign manager, responded, ""to be determined.""

Conway was responding to reports about what was said in a meeting Trump held on Saturday with a Hispanic advisory council. Sources in the room told BuzzFeed that Trump spoke about a ""humane and efficient"" way to work with undocumented immigrants in the country currently, which was characterized by BuzzFeed as a way to legalize some and let them stay.

That would stand in sharp contrast with a central theme of the Trump campaign since the beginning, a hardline position on immigration focused on removing people in the country illegally.

Conway disputed that Trump presented a reversal of his position in the meeting.

""So what Donald Trump said yesterday in that meeting ... varied little from what he has said publicly,"" Conway said. ""What he supports is to make sure we enforce the law, that we are respectful of those Americans who are looking for jobs, and that we are fair and humane to those who live among us.""

Bash played a clip of Trump speaking about a deportation force last fall, saying it would be done ""humanely,"" repeatedly asking if that was still the position of the campaign or whether Trump was backing off.

That was when Conway responded: ""To be determined.""

Early Sunday evening the campaign of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton released a statement scoffing and Trump's potential change of heart on deportation.

""Donald Trump's immigration plan remains the same as it's always been: tear apart families and deport 16 million people from the United States,"" said campaign chair John Podesta.

Jose Fuentes, a Trump supporter and the former attorney general of Puerto Rico, was at the roundtable with Trump on Saturday, and said he did not walk away with the interpretation that Trump was open to legalization for some undocumented immigrants.

He said it was Trump who brought up the issue of those who are in the US illegally and asked the group to share their ideas on how to deal with them. Fuentes said that Trump used the language of wanting to handle the issue in a ""fair,"" ""humane,"" and ""legal"" way, but Fuentes said he didn't automatically take that to mean that Trump was going allow some to stay or have legal status.

""He wanted to hear our ideas on how to deal with it. He requested that we put it in writing,"" Fuentes told CNN. ""But that doesn't mean he's going to take them or that he's changed his mind.""

Fuentes, who said he was sitting right across the table from Trump, described the Republican nominee's interest in Hispanic issues as ""sincere"" and said he was ""impressed"" by Trump's understanding of the different issues important to Hispanic voters of various backgrounds.

Fuentes said he didn't know why some walked away with the idea that Trump would change his position on deportations. He wondered whether it was because Trump seemed to place more emphasis on dealing with the issue than he has before -- that he was willing to hear different ideas and consider them.

""That was very revealing,"" he said. ""That may have caused the wrong impression.""

Beyond immigration, Conway on Sunday also reiterated the long-standing Trump campaign position that the candidate won't release his tax returns, saying they are under audit. She said the campaign would not release his 2008 returns that have already exited an audit, either, repeating the message of Trump's former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort.

Conway also was asked about a 2005 comment she made about Clinton, and whether she was disparaging spouses who reconcile after cheating.

But Conway said Sunday she wasn't making a statement about Clinton's marriage.

""We don't need to conflate the two,"" Conway said, saying the question is about Clinton's leadership and her ability to stand up to enemies in the world.

""Leaders show up where people in need are, and they hear them, and they help them, and you saw that on full display on Friday,"" Conway said referring to Trump's visit to Louisiana to tour flood damage in Baton Rouge.

She also said former Fox News chief Roger Ailes does not have a ""formal or informal"" advisory role with the campaign, but said Ailes and Trump speak and are ""old friends.""

Conway, on ""This Week,"" also answered questions about the campaign's organization. Particularly ongoing criticism about the campaign's structure and seeming lack of infrastructure in swing states.

As Trump's new campaign manager, Conway said she would assess the situation, adding the Republican National Committee would be continuing to help.

""We're working closely with the RNC, whether it's political, data, fundraising,"" Conway said. ""We've got a great relationship with Chairman (Reince) Priebus. Talk to him daily now. And we at the campaign are going to expect Sean Spicer, the director of communications and the chief strategist at the RNC to spend more time with us.""

Conway did not say Spicer was formally joining the campaign.

She also addressed Trump's statement last week -- for the first time -- that he has has ""regrets"" over certain, but unspecified, statements throughout his campaign. Conway was pressed on whether Trump was specifically apologizing for high-profile controversial statements, including disparaging Arizona Sen. John McCain's military record and comments he made about a Gold Star family that spoke at the Democratic convention.

Conway demurred on who specifically Trump was expressing regret to, and said he hasn't made apology calls to individuals.

""He's expressed his regret publicly and said, 'If I have caused you personal pain -- that can include me, that can include you' -- that he regrets that,"" Conway said.",1
1412,Donald Trump throws a grand old party,"Des Moines, Iowa (CNN) No one ever really doubted that Donald Trump could pull off a major counter-programing feat -- even when competing with a GOP debate that was expected to draw millions of viewers.

He did it Thursday night, dazzling a crowd of hundreds of enthusiastic supporters by announcing that he had raised more than $6 million for veterans in one day -- $1 million of it from his own checkbook. ""We love our vets,"" he said.

""You know, my whole theme is make America great again and that's what we're going to do --- and we wouldn't have even been here if it weren't for our vets,"" Trump said.

Even Trump seemed a bit surprised that he had pulled off his stunt: ""Look at all the cameras. This is like the Academy Awards,"" the real estate magnate said as he took the stage in an auditorium at Drake University about 20 minutes after the debate began a few miles away. ""We're actually told that we have more cameras than they do by quite a bit, and you know what that's really in honor of our vets.""

The rally was a restrained performance by Trump standards. He dispensed with his usual riff about his poll numbers and mostly avoided jabs at his fellow candidates (with the exception of a ""low-energy"" shot at Jeb Bush).

Instead he delivered a speech mostly focused on the problems veterans have faced when returning from Iraq and Afghanistan -- inadequate healthcare and housing, drug abuse, mental health issues and homelessness.

""Our vets are being mistreated. Illegal immigrants are treated better in many cases than our vets and it's not going to happen any more. It's not going to happen any more.""

Clearly enjoying his evening away from the debate, Trump also told the audience what could be another media sensation for his campaign: the fact that his daughter Ivanka is pregnant. ""Ivanka, I said, it would be so great if you had your baby in Iowa. It would be so great -- I'd definitely win!""

In a somewhat extraordinary move for someone who has reveled in taunting his rivals, he invited Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum -- two candidates who had been relegated to an earlier undercard debate -- to join him on stage to speak about veterans issues. While appearing generous, it was also politically savvy maneuver given that the two men were the respective winners of the past two Iowa caucuses, but stuck in the bottom-tier this time around.

Huckabee and Santorum are still well-liked and admired by core Republican voters here in Iowa, even if their campaigns have failed to ignite this time. And their presence on stage with Trump could go a long way toward negating the criticisms from Trump's rivals like Ted Cruz, whose allies have claimed that Trump will be punished by Iowans on Monday for skipping the debate stage.

Santorum, who narrowly defeated Mitt Romney here in 2012, tried to stand to the side of Trump's podium, noting to laughter that he didn't want to be photographed in front of a Trump sign.

""I'm supporting another candidate, but that doesn't mean we can't work together"" to honor America's veterans, Santorum said.

Trump has regaled in the media spectacle that he created over the past few days after withdrawing from the Fox News debate with complaints that he'd been mistreated by the network. He told the crowd that he wished that he'd been able to participate, but once he had withdrawn -- no amount of cajoling, even by the likes of Fox News host Bill O'Reilly --- could bring him back.

""When you're treated badly, you have to stick up for your rights,"" he said to cheers. ""And that's what our country has to do.... We have to stick up for our country when we're being mistreated.""

""Once this started and it was for our vets there was nothing I could do,"" he added, reflecting on whether the pundits were right that his maneuver might damage his campaign. ""I don't know. Is it for me personally a good thing, a bad thing? Will I get more votes? Will I get less votes? Nobody knows. Who the hell knows.""

He predicted that the amount of money that he had raised through a website and through personal calls to wealthy friends who contributed to the cause would impress Iowans. ""I think this money is going to continue to pour in.""

The organizations run the gamut from groups focused on helping veterans with disabilities and mental health problems to those aimed at helping veterans reintegrate into civilian society.

Trump supporters who waited hours in the cold to see him roundly disputed the notion that he would see any attrition in his support in Iowa, where he has led in recent polls.

In interviews, many voters here said the controversy was yet another example of Trump bucking the establishment -- a trait that has endeared him to them from the beginning -- and that they were proud of him standing up to Fox News.

Ernie Ratcliffe, an army veteran who served two tours in Vietnam, drove in from Kansas City for the rally, scoffed when asked for his thoughts on Texas Sen. Ted Cruz's contention that Trump skipped the debate because he was afraid of taunts or difficult questions from the Fox moderators or rival candidates.

""Donald Trump isn't scared of anything. He's not scared of absolutely anything,"" said Ratcliffe, who has signed up with his wife to call New Hampshire voters on Trump's behalf next week. ""Donald J. Trump said he was going to do this and he's done it. He's a man of his word.""

Ratcliffe said he was convinced that Trump was the only candidate who could clean up the Department of Veterans Affairs and that it would be ""one of the first things he does when he gets into office.""

""He's going to get it squared away,"" he said. ""It's not going to take him very long to do it. He's going to put the right people in. He knows how to manage things. He's a very successful businessman. He's going to get it done very quickly and very, very well.""

Randal Thom, a former Marine who was among the first admitted to Trump's event, said he loved it that Trump refused to back down.

""When it came out yesterday that he was actually doing this (rally) in less than 24 hours, it was amazing,"" Thom said. ""It just shows he has the ability to rally and get things done.""

Thom, who raises Alaskan Malamute and Pomalute puppies in Minnesota, and plans to spend Monday in Iowa volunteering for Trump, dismissed Cruz as ""a Canadian-born citizen"" and described the Texas senator, as well as the other GOP contenders as ""weak.""

""Trump is a 100% strongman. He's bullet proof,"" Thom said. ""People say, 'Oh look at his background. Look at the number of wives he's had.' You know what? I don't care about that. What I care about is his future.""",1
920,New York election results: 5 takeaways,"(CNN) Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton came home to New York and both won big.

Trump used his dominating victory as an opportunity to make his case that the only way he'll be denied the Republican nomination is if the game is rigged.

Hillary Clinton launched her presidential bid on April 12 through a video message on social media. The former first lady, senator and secretary of state is considered the front-runner among possible Democratic candidates.""Everyday Americans need a champion, and I want to be that champion -- so you can do more than just get by -- you can get ahead. And stay ahead,"" she said in her announcement video. ""Because when families are strong, America is strong. So I'm hitting the road to earn your vote, because it's your time. And I hope you'll join me on this journey.""

Ohio Gov. John Kasich joined the Republican field July 21 as he formally announced his White House bid. ""I am here to ask you for your prayers, for your support ... because I have decided to run for president of the United States,"" Kasich told his kickoff rally at the Ohio State University.

Ohio Gov. John Kasich joined the Republican field July 21 as he formally announced his White House bid. ""I am here to ask you for your prayers, for your support ... because I have decided to run for president of the United States,"" Kasich told his kickoff rally at the Ohio State University.

Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas has made a name for himself in the Senate, solidifying his brand as a conservative firebrand willing to take on the GOP's establishment. He announced he was seeking the Republican presidential nomination in a speech on March 23.""These are all of our stories,"" Cruz told the audience at Liberty University in Virginia. ""These are who we are as Americans. And yet for so many Americans, the promise of America seems more and more distant.""

Businessman Donald Trump announced June 16 at his Trump Tower in New York City that he is seeking the Republican presidential nomination. This ends more than two decades of flirting with the idea of running for the White House.""So, ladies and gentlemen, I am officially running for president of the United States, and we are going to make our country great again,"" Trump told the crowd at his announcement.

Clinton reveled in her win, which broke Bernie Sanders' string of successes in the West and Midwest.

The victories pushed both candidates much closer to their parties' nominations, leaving their opponents no room for error if either is to be stopped.

Here are five takeaways from New York's primary:

New York truly is Trump territory.

On stage at Trump Tower, the Republican front-runner surrounded himself with some of his high-profile business friends to cap what he called ""an amazing week.""

And he set up the Republican contest as one that would have to be taken from him -- unfairly.

""We don't have much of a race anymore, based on what I'm seeing on television,"" Trump said. ""Senator Cruz is just about mathematically eliminated.""

The good news for Trump shouldn't stop. April 26 -- the next Super Tuesday — features Maryland, Pennsylvania and other northeastern states that should also be friendly to the front-runner.

Clinton gets the resounding win she wanted

It's a sure sign that Clinton is expecting to celebrate when her campaign announces she'll deliver a speech on the night of a big election.

""This one,"" Clinton told supporters,"" is personal.""

Her commanding victory helped Clinton build on her pledged delegate lead, and it denied Sanders a win that could have changed the dynamics of the Democratic race.

Those advantages have been enough for Clinton so far -- and they don't bode well for Sanders in states like New Jersey and California, where he'd need to crush Clinton to have any chance of catching her in pledged delegates.

Sanders hoped he'd win New York. In fact, as a pro-Clinton group gleefully pointed out Tuesday, he'd said at least 27 times that he expected to win. For two weeks he'd practically moved back to his hometown of Brooklyn.

The closed primary, Sanders said Tuesday evening in Pennsylvania as the crowd booed New York's laws, is ""wrong.""

""That has got to change in future elections,"" he said.

Sanders, though, will face the same problem next Tuesday, when Pennsylvania, Maryland, Connecticut, Delaware and Rhode Island vote. Of those five states, only Rhode Island allows independents to vote in the Democratic primary.

If Sanders couldn't improve his performance with African-Americans in New York, it's not clear that he ever will.

In Philadelphia on Tuesday night, Cruz spoke before New York's polls closed — sparing him, for the moment, the awkwardness of addressing his third-place finish and his zero delegate haul.

He didn't say anything about the contest at all, aside from noting that it's not surprising for a candidate (in this case, Trump) to win his home state. He'd already campaigned in Maryland on Monday, and is fighting for conservatives in a district-by-district bid to deny Trump delegates.

Everything Cruz did on Tuesday night -- from the location of his event to the 8:30 p.m. ET timing -- reinforced that he wasn't holding his breath for a good night in New York. Aides said if he could hold Trump under 90 of the state's 95 delegates, even that would count as an acceptable result.

""We're going to be deadlocked"" going into the Republican National Convention, Kasich said Tuesday night in Maryland. ""Then what delegates are going to do is do something crazy -- consider who can win in the fall.""

The Democratic contest has become increasingly heated and personal in recent days -- but even as Sanders amps up the attacks and Clinton's campaign frets over the potential impact, the party's primary voters don't seem worried.

Sixty-seven percent of Democratic voters surveyed in early exit polls said the campaign between Sanders and Clinton has energized the party, while just 29% said it has divided the party.

In the short term, the extended primary is frustrating Clinton's camp. Clinton communications director Jennifer Palmieri called Sanders' campaign ""destructive"" to the point that Sanders' continuation in the race is ""not productive to Democrats"" and ""not productive for the country.""

But in the long run, Democratic voters' engagement and interest in the contest could help Clinton, who will need to consolidate Sanders' supporters if she clinches the nomination -- and could find it easier to do that if they're not turned off by an extended intra-party battle.

Among New York Republicans, it's a different story.

Sixty percent say the GOP campaign has divided the party, compared to 36% who say it has energized it.

That could have something to do with the state's leading candidate, Trump, consistently declaring the nominating process ""rigged"" against him.

The numbers show that Republicans could have the tougher challenge in bringing the party together behind its eventual nominee.

Trump's Tuesday rout punctuated that reality. His victory made clear that no other Republican stands a chance of catching him at the polls -- even as party members fight to deny him delegates.",1
5096,Why Debbie Wasserman Schultz failed,"The announcement of Debbie Wasserman Schultz's planned resignation as chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee was sudden, shaking up an otherwise sleepy Sunday afternoon in which most of the political world was focused on making its way to Philadelphia for the party's quadrennial convention.

But, if her departure was abrupt — Wasserman Schultz will resign her post when the Democratic National Convention ends on Thursday night — the fall that led to the end was anything but. Wasserman Schultz's tenure at the head of the DNC has been rocky almost since the moment she took over the job in 2011.

Interviews with a variety of pro- and anti-Wasserman Schultz Democrats — and there are plenty of both — suggest that the Florida House member's problems were both personal and structural, and that she retains a relatively bright future even if this chapter of her political life left much to be desired.

[Here are the latest, most damaging things in the DNC’s leaked emails]

Where to start when it comes to the ""why"" behind Wasserman Schultz's struggles depends on who you believe is to blame for them.

Several people I talked to put the blame — or at least a large portion of it — on President Obama and his inner circle of political advisers who never cared about the DNC in any meaningful way and, as a result, left Wasserman Schultz to wither on the vine as they worked around her time and again.

""Obama and team never accepted the DNC or cared very much about it, and it showed,"" said one senior Democratic strategist granted anonymity to speak candidly. ""Obama was not into party building, or party anything. He never integrated his political operation into the DNC so she was in a very tough position always.""

From the start, Obama was never a big ""party"" guy. He explicitly ran against the party infrastructure and elites in 2008 — Hillary Clinton was their candidate — and once he got into office was openly disdainful of many of the traditional apparatus of the party.

Obama installed his loyal ally Tim Kaine — name ring a bell? — as the DNC chair. But, once Kaine decided to run for an open Virginia Senate seat in 2011, it was clear to anyone paying attention that the next DNC chair wouldn't be a member of the Obama inner circle as he began positioning himself for his reelection bid.

Enter Wasserman Schultz, a Jewish woman from Florida who had a reputation as a dogged fundraiser and willing attack dog on TV. For what Obama imagined that job to be, she was a natural fit.

""She wasn't anyone's first choice for chair,"" a veteran Democratic operative said. ""But I think most people thought she'd be fine.""

[Schedule: Who will speak in Philadelphia during the 2016 Democratic National Convention]

The counter to that story line is that Wasserman Schultz, from the jump, seemed dead set on using the perch to promote her own political interests rather than put what was best for Obama first.

Even some of Wasserman Schultz's harshest critics acknowledge that part of that problem was structural: She was in elected office while also serving as the party chair. She was looking to move up the ladder in House leadership and saw the DNC job as a way to do that. Period.

She was far from the only elected official who has struggled to balance the demands of the party chair job with more provincial interests. ""It wasn't great with [then Connecticut Sen. Chris Dodd] or [then Philadelphia Mayor Ed] Rendell, and it wasn't great with her,"" said one leading Democratic consultant. ""There are always concerns about whose agenda gets put first, tensions between official duties (particularly votes) and political party duties.""

But, Wasserman Schultz's emphasis on her own political future — and the need to make sure she was front and center when it came to media attention and interviews — rubbed lots and lots of people the wrong way.

""She ignored infrastructure, instead focusing on why she wasn't getting more media hits,"" noted a longtime Democratic strategist familiar with the inner workings of the party committee. ""

 ""Fundraising was anemic.""

What everyone agrees on is that Wasserman Schultz suffered a series of self-inflicted wounds as chair. There was the time she broke with the White House about deporting children detained at the border. The time she said Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker had given women ""the back of his hand."" Story after story about how she was feathering her own political nest first and then worrying about Obama and the broader party second — or not at all. How she found herself on the wrong side of Bernie Sanders and the party's liberal base.

On and on it went. For much of the past two years, rumors of Wasserman Schultz's demise came across the transom with remarkable regularity. And yet, she persevered — occasionally via means that left made her detractors even more convinced that she needed to go.

What her increasingly large enemies list could never find was a spark that could set all of the tinder they had gathered aflame. That long-awaited moment came late last week when a hacker group released more than 20,000 hacked DNC emails. The emails cast Wasserman Schultz and her senior staff in not only an unflattering light but also as abettors of Clinton's march to the Democratic presidential nomination — in effect confirming the suspicions of Sanders and his supporters.

Within days, years of bad blood with Wasserman Schultz had been unleashed and she had been pushed out.

What does the future hold for the Florida Democrat? She faces a primary from a Sanders-backed candidate but most political observers say she will win it. Beyond that, few people I talked to had any real sense for where she might go next although Dave Beattie, a Florida pollster and Wasserman Schultz ally, was optimistic.

""I have worked with her a long time,"" he said. ""She is loyal, works hard, is a staunch advocate for Democrats and is not afraid to raise money.""

Time will tell. But, it's hard to see Wasserman Schultz's time at the head of the DNC as anything short of a major disappointment for all involved.",1
1408,The Trump data card: Key to winning the White House,"You can call Donald Trump a lot of things – and heaven knows almost everyone has – but you can’t call him stupid. He’s the lead story on every newscast, the hashtag of all hashtags on social media. And he’s gotten there by defying every convention.

The bombastic billionaire has generated controversy and widespread contempt since he announced his candidacy for president in June, yet the latest New York Times/CBS News poll gives him 35 percent of the Republican vote – more than double the 16 percent of runner-up Ted Cruz. Trump has defied the experts for six months, so have no doubt about it: He is very, very smart. He knows exactly what he’s doing.

The Feb. 1 Iowa caucuses and the Feb. 9 New Hampshire primary are right around the corner, but two months is an eternity in American politics. There’s nothing that can’t be turned upside down in a few short weeks. And that’s why every other candidate for president, whether Democrat or Republican, should be spending a lot less time right now condemning what Trump is saying. Instead, they should be devoting their time and effort to learning why he’s winning.

All they need to do is look at the data.

Politics is all about data now, and Trump is generating more of it every day than all the other candidates combined in a week. But every time he says something provocative – which is pretty much every time he speaks – he creates data that can be captured, analyzed and turned against him.

We live in a world where data controls everything, and I spend all my time studying how and why. In my case, because I’m a physician, it’s health data. But the principles are the same, and they’re why whoever best corrals the data Trump is generating will be the next president of the United States.

In an analysis of his strategy on Thursday, the Washington Post reported that “Trump uses his Instagram account, which has more than 650,000 followers, to deliver snarky messages and short videos of him scowling as he delivers pronouncements from his Trump Tower desk. On Twitter … Trump has posted more than 6,000 tweets since launching his campaign in June.”

There’s your data. Trump – @realDonaldTrump – has 5.2 million followers on Twitter. Every tweet and retweet, every Facebook post and share, every Instagram blast, every newscast lead, every comment on everything … Everyone’s talking about Donald Trump, which means he’s generating a trove of data that his opponents should be mining to their advantage.

Instead of climbing all over each other every day to condemn him, the other candidates should lean back, take a deep breath and learn from him – because the next president of the United States will be the man or woman who is smart enough to invest in the infrastructure that’s needed to organize and analyze the Trump data trove. And with Iowa and New Hampshire coming up fast, the time to make that investment is now.

Does data analysis really work? Ask Barack Obama; it’s why he’s been living in the White House for the last seven years. He is the master of using data to win elections by analyzing and identifying undecided voters, learning everything he could about each and every one of them, and then persuading them to vote for him in the final days of the campaign. Jim Messina, who headed Obama’s re-election campaign in 2012, said recently that “Every night for 18 months, we did 66,000 computer simulations of the election, and that’s how we based our tactics…. [W]e based it all on big data.”

Obama is the Big Data president, and Trump gets that. The other candidates think traditional rhetoric and campaign slogans appeal to voters, but Trump has tapped into something every TV producer and ad executive knows: Times have changed. To get the ratings or to make the sale, you need to know the audience and make it yours.

When advertisers want you to buy something, they provoke you. They grab your attention and use the data on what you’re watching to understand your behavior and reel you in. The same applies in television. Nobody’s watching ""Little House on the Prairie"" anymore. The shows that get the ratings are the ones that are provocative, edgy, controversial.

Trump gets that, and he’s brought it to the presidential race. He’s shaking up the electorate, forcing them to react. You may not like what he’s saying, but you can’t deny that it’s working. He’s been at the top of the polls for months.

But that, oddly enough, opens a door for whoever is smart enough to walk through it. A savvy opponent, instead of jumping on what Trump is saying, should be jumping on how people are reacting to what he’s saying. Trump has opened up a gold mine of data that any of his opponents can analyze to understand what people like – or don’t like – and why. From Mexicans to McCain to Muslims, all the trash talk and all the responses to it create data that a tech-savvy opponent should pounce on. It’s there for anyone who knows how to use it.

“We spent two years and about $400 million trying to build up a capacity to predict people’s behaviors and match that with social media,” Messina said, reflecting on Obama’s re-election. “The final 96 hours of the 2012 race, a majority of Americans, for the first time since 1972, went to the incumbent. And when you ask them why: 76 percent of those said because their friend or family member talked to them on social media and told them why they had to support Barack Obama.”

Any candidate who wants to be standing when Trump falls should memorize those words. Use the data he’s generating to learn everything you can about his supporters, and then make them yours.

Trump is smart. To beat him, an opponent has to be smart enough to move away from the chorus of critics and use the data he’s generating to defeat him.

Keep your base, analyze the data, win over his supporters … and the White House will be yours.

Dr. Sreedhar Potarazu is an acclaimed ophthalmologist and entrepreneur who has been recognized as an international visionary in the business of medicine and health information technology. He is the founder of VitalSpring Technologies Inc., a privately held enterprise software company focused on providing employers with applications to empower them to become more sophisticated purchasers of health care. Dr. Potarazu is the founder and chairman of WellZone, a social platform for driving consumer engagement in health.",1
380,Hillary’s leftward sprint cheers Dems,"**Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.**

Buzz Cut:

 • Hillary’s leftward sprint cheers Dems

 • Billionaire Steyer gets Hillary house call

 • Rubio jumps in Iowa Q poll

 • High expectations this time for Huckabee in Iowa

 • Good dog, indeed

HILLARY’S LEFTWARD SPRINT CHEERS DEMS

 Why do politicians pander? Because it works. Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton has been continually buffeted by scandal since March 2 and faces concerns among primary voters about her coming coronation. The response to the allegations against the candidate and her organization – payola for official favors as secretary of state and destruction of tens of thousands of emails from her time in office – has been a botch. Clinton’s husband and daughter are trying to defend the family’s buckracking, but they’re trying to do it whilst on a luxury African tour that highlights the family’s unsavory connections. So what’s the candidate – especially one who was upended as a frontrunner eight years ago – to do? Go left. And she is sprinting that way.

 

 [‘Shred’ may not have been the word you were looking for - Bill Clinton in an interview with CNN reportedly said “suggestions of improper funding to the Clinton Foundation ‘won’t fly... not a shred of evidence.’”]

 

 The latest and most aggressive flip is Clinton’s move on illegal immigration in which she vowed to go beyond the temporary executive amnesty from President Obama that’s currently being blocked by the courts. That’s a big veer. But she’s benefitting from such tactics. A new poll from NYT/CBS News found that while 81 percent of Democrats found Clinton honest and trustworthy, just 40 percent of independents did. This is the first time that the poll has asked the question, but it suggests that in addition to the “Faberge egg” phenomenon, Clinton may be helped by primary voters feeling better since she started running as an Obama Democrat.

 

 [De Blasio warming up for Hillary endorsement - Appearing on MSNBC, New York Mayor Bill de Blasio praised Clinton’s increasingly liberal stances on issues like immigration and criminal justice.]

 

 Perhaps this is Clinton revealing her true feelings. But if it is candor and not pander, though, there is still the character question of why Clinton previously misled voters. And there is the larger issue: The Clinton brand is based on pragmatic centrism, not ideology. As Mitt Romney found out, candidates who start with a trust deficit do not, in fact, get to shake their Etch A Sketches. Even a candidate who gets away with ducking the press for months at a time will eventually have to answer reporters’ questions about the scandals and her congressional testimony about the emails is coming up later this month. As the scandal stuff bumps and bruises its way forward, it seems unlikely that general election voters will be of a mind to take her word on questions of pinwheeling policy stances.

 

 The 1 percent likes one of their own - A CNBC survey found 53 percent of millionaires would vote for Hillary Clinton while 47 percent would vote for the GOP hopeful.

 

 O’Malley scoffs - “Governor O’Malley stood up when it mattered. When most leaders in the Democratic and Republican Parties were saying that we should close our border to children fleeing violence in Central America, he defied them and said that we could not send children ‘back to certain death.’ He was criticized for that position, but leadership is about forging public opinion, not following it.’ – Lis Smith, spokeswoman for former Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley.

 

 Poll: N.H. lead gets a trim - Support for Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton has dropped and her lead over potential Democratic rivals has slipped according to a new WMUR poll of likely New Hampshire primary voters. Clinton is the favorite of 51 percent to Sen. Elizabeth Warren’s 20 percent and Sen. Bernie Sanders at 13 percent. In WMUR’s February poll, 58 percent backed Clinton to Warren’s 14 percent and Sanders’ 6 percent. “‘Hillary Clinton is still the frontrunner,’ survey center director Andrew Smith [told WMUR]. ‘She is the frontrunner largely because Democrats think she is the most electable in November 2016. But there is evidence that a significant bloc of progressive Democratic primary voters are not happy with the Clinton candidacy.’”

 

 Power Play: Dem debates will draw out challengers - The Democratic Party is sanctioning six presidential debates. That’s sounds like quite a few for a field currently consisting of presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton and a self-described socialist senator from Vermont who isn’t even a registered Democrat. But the debate announcement will change the shape of the field. Chris Stirewalt gives you the lowdown, in 60 seconds. WATCH HERE.

 

 BILLIONAIRE DONOR STEYER GETS HILLARY HOUSECALL

 Billionaire Tom Steyer and his wife Kat Taylor host Hillary Clinton at their home in upscale Pacific Heights-San Francisco today. The “Conversation with Hillary,” in which the presumptive Democratic nominee will likely be pressed for her position on the Keystone XL pipeline, kicks off a three-day California fundraising swing. Steyer is a green-energy mogul whose business depends on government subsidies and government regulation of his fossil-fuel competitors. Though Clinton has been officially non-committal on Keystone, don’t be surprised if her leftward shift continues as she plays up to West Coast donors.

 

 [Down the tube? - An environmental group calling on Clinton to outline her plan for addressing climate change, including opposition to Keystone XL, is staging a rally outside the Steyer fundraiser today.]

 

 The host with the most - Steyer has been touted as “the most influential environmentalist in American politics.” He pumped more than $73 million into PACS pushing climate change in the midterms – and has been cast as a liberal counterforce to the Koch brothers. Steyer’s prolific fundraising for President Obama and subsequent visits to the White House on environmental issues have gone hand-in hand with benefits to his ‘clean energy” interests. The scope of Steyer’s kingmaker status has driven Democrats to stage events like their one-party climate change talkathon in Congress last year and Sen. Harry Reid’s annual clean energy summit. Keynoting last year’s Las Vegas gathering of industry leaders – you guessed it: Hillary Clinton.

 

 WITH YOUR SECOND CUP OF COFFEE…

 CNET: “In Tom Clancy's sensationalist novel ‘Debt of Honor,’ a disgruntled pilot decides to avenge his lost honor by crashing a fuel-laden 747 directly into the U.S. Capitol, causing the giant building to explode and collapse. The scope of that fictional disaster was hard to fathom prior to the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. But even before 9/11, anyone who had been in Lakehurst, N.J., on May 6, 1937, would have had a pretty good sense of just how big an explosion Clancy had in mind. Because that day, the Hindenburg, a German zeppelin that was famous the world over for ferrying the rich and powerful across the Atlantic, blew up as it attempted to land, a catastrophe that rocked the globe, kickstarted the news industry, and closed the book for good on a form of travel that, while far beyond the means of most people, unquestionably appealed to the romantic notions of the masses.”

 

 Got a TIP from the RIGHT or LEFT? Email FoxNewsFirst@FOXNEWS.COM

 

 POLL CHECK

 Real Clear Politics Averages

 Obama Job Approval: Approve – 46.0 percent//Disapprove – 49.9 percent

 Direction of Country: Right Direction – 29.8 percent//Wrong Track – 61.2 percent

 

 RUBIO JUMPS IN IOWA Q POLL

 Marco Rubio’s post-announcement surge is paying off in Iowa where the latest Quinnipiac University poll shows him vaulting into the top tier for the state’s Republican caucuses. The poll, out today, shows the Florida senator gaining 9 points since February to finish in a second-place tie with Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., who remained at 13 percent. Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, also made big gains since his announcement, jumping 7 points to 12 percent. But the man to beat is still Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, who again finished first. But Walker saw his lead shrink from 12 points in February to 8 points this month. The poll, taken before his Tuesday announcement showed no improvement for former Gov. Mike Huckabee, R-Ark., who remained at 11 percent. Another newly declared candidate, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, saw his support slip from 11 percent to 7 percent.

 

 [Watch Fox: Ben Carson will join Megyn Kelly tonight for his first television interview since declaring his 2016 candidacy. “The Kelly File” airs at 9 p.m. ET.]

 

 Hawkeye voters shuck Jeb - The big loser in the new Q poll is Jeb Bush. The former Florida governor saw his support drop by half, falling to 5 percent. Bush did take the lead in another poll question, but not a good one: Which candidate would voters definitely not support? Bush came in first at 25 percent followed by Gov. Chris Christie, R-N.J., at 20 percent. Others joining Bush and Christie in 5-percent-or-less club: former Texas Gov. Rick Perry, former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum, Ohio Gov. John Kasich, and former tech CEO Carly Fiorina.

 

 [A Washington Post write up of the recent NYT/CBS News and WSJ/NBC News polls shows that even though Bush is not the resounding favorite he is gaining ground with primary voters.]

 

 Sixteeners split on GOP budget vote - The three declared Republican presidential candidates in the Senate were divided in casting their ballots on the GOP budget plan Tuesday. Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, and Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., voted against the measure, while Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., voted yea.  The 10-year non-binding blueprint passed 51-48 and will serve as a starting point for spending bills later this year.

 

 Perry flips on Ex-Im bank - Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry details in this WSJ op-ed how he came to change his mind on Ex-Import Bank, and why he thinks there are other ways to create jobs. He writes, “Next month, the bank comes up for reauthorization again—but this time I can’t get on board. I have been deeply disturbed by recent revelations of corruption and bribery at the institution.”

 

 [Starting May 16 Perry heads to Iowa for a series of nine events over the course of four days.]

 

 Heading home - Ben Carson attends a private event today in Baltimore, says his campaign press secretary.

 

 Download that, dude - Facing ridicule for leaving the “.org” version of her open to a cyber-squatter, former tech CEO Carly Fiorina turned the tables on “Late Night” host Seth Myers when she announced she had bought SethMyers.org. It cost the her a whopping $16. Watch their exchange here.

 

 Snyder says he sees an opening - WSJ: “Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder said Tuesday that he sees an opening for a presidential candidate with his track record, though it likely will be weeks until he announces whether he’ll join the race for the GOP nomination. In an interview on the sidelines of a job conference here, Mr. Snyder said while he is focused on ‘telling the Michigan story,’ he is ‘watching who is in the candidate race, because we need a problem-solver in Washington’…He said he was “watching the process, and I think you’ll find most of the candidates coming out by the June-July time-frame.’”

 

 HIGH EXPECTATIONS THIS TIME FOR HUCKABEE IN IOWA

 Des Moines Register: “If he wants to win Iowa again, however, GOP activists said Huckabee will have to adapt to higher expectations than he faced as a relative unknown ahead of his 2008 Iowa caucuses victory. He will also have to outlast a crowded field of candidates looking for a chunk of the conservative bloc that carried him to victory in 2008...a former Iowa legislator, recalls struggling to get a dozen people to show up to see Huckabee at a diner in 2007. This year, a pre-campaign stop by Huckabee at a Sioux City restaurant in March drew nearly 70.”

 

 Chuck Norris fact: He still supports Huckabee - Roundhouse kick enthusiast  Chuck Norris, told NYT Tuesday that he believes Huckabee is, ‘the most qualified,’ candidate. Norris avidly supported Huckabee in the 2008 cycle.

 

 [On his “Factories, Farms & Freedom” swing through Iowa Huckabee visits with employees of Clow Valve, and hosts a rally in Urbandale, IA.]

 

 “…Bill Clinton was governor for 12 years…When I came into office, first as lieutenant governor, then as governor, every agency was populated with the people he had hired and appointed…My door was nailed shut as lieutenant governor…It was literally nailed shut. I couldn't get in for 59 days.” – Former Gov. Mike Huckabee, R-Ark., on “The Kelly File”

 

 GOP KEEPS STATEN ISLAND SEAT HOUSE AFTER GRIMM DISGRACE

 The Hill: “Staten Island district attorney Daniel Donovan (R) easily defeated Democratic City Councilman Vincent Gentile in the special election to replace disgraced former Rep. Michael Grimm (R-N.Y.) on Tuesday night.”

 

 BIBI IN A JAM AFTER ALLY DEFECTS TO OPPOSITION

 AP: “With the clock ticking, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu raced to put together a governing coalition Tuesday or face the prospect of being forced out of office by a former ally. Netanyahu’s Likud Party won March 17 elections, emerging as the largest single party in parliament. But he has had a tough time striking deals with other parties to secure a 61-seat majority in the 120-seat parliament. If he fails by the end of the day Wednesday, President Reuven Rivlin must give someone else the job.”

 

 Down to the wire in U.K. - Sky News: “Overnight polls into the final day of campaigning suggest neither of the two main parties have managed to break the deadlock, with the race remaining neck and neck. One poll suggests the Tories have sneaked a 3% lead over Labour - with UKIP enjoying its highest vote share since January.”

 

 GOOD DOG, INDEED

 There have already been 41 American police officers killed in the line of duty this year, but Lt. Eric Eslary’s story may bring that statistic into more tangible terms for you. R.I.P., lieutenant. AP: “A western Pennsylvania police officer and father of six was killed in a head-on crash with a work van that was traveling the wrong way, police said. Lt. Eric Eslary's patrol SUV collided with the van about 2 a.m. on U.S. Route 30 in Ligonier, about 50 miles east of Pittsburgh. Eslary was a 17-year veteran of the Ligonier Township Police Department and often worked the overnight shift with his K-9 partner Blek, a German shepherd. Blek was also injured in the crash and had to be coaxed away from his partner’s body by Eslary’s wife, who came to the scene. The dog had refused to leave Eslary’s side, township Police Chief Michael Matrunics said.”

 

 AND NOW A WORD FROM CHARLES…

 “The other thing that strikes me is, where is [Hillary Clinton]? First they put out their stooges to go out and defend them. Then their daughter, then the husband and she’s sort of hiding in the bunker…The numbers in The Wall Street Journal poll are very telling. Democrats are hanging on to Hillary...They are all in either because they believe in her or they know that they've got no choice.” – Charles Krauthammer on “Special Report with Bret Baier.” Watch here.

 

 Chris Stirewalt is digital politics editor for Fox News.  Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here

Chris Stirewalt joined Fox News Channel (FNC) in July of 2010 and serves as digital politics editor based in Washington, D.C.  Additionally, he authors the daily ""Fox News First"" political news note and hosts ""Power Play,"" a feature video series, on FoxNews.com. Stirewalt makes frequent appearances on the network, including ""The Kelly File,"" ""Special Report with Bret Baier,"" and ""Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace.""  He also provides expert political analysis for Fox News coverage of state, congressional and presidential elections.",1
1513,Donald Trump leads an insane white cult — and Pat Buchanan just explained how it works,"Donald Trump validates these feelings. As such, it is now fundamentally clear that Donald Trump is a hero and leader for many conservatives in the Age of Obama.

Most members of the pundit class have been befuddled by the ascendance of Donald Trump. But, there is one person who has solved this riddle.

In a little-discussed editorial written several weeks ago, Pat Buchanan offered the following analysis:

His popularity is traceable to the fact that he rejects the moral authority of the media, breaks their commandments, and mocks their condemnations. His contempt for the norms of Political Correctness is daily on display. And that large slice of America that detests a media whose public approval now rivals that of Congress, relishes this defiance. The last thing these folks want Trump to do is to apologize to the press. And the media have played right into Trump’s hand. They constantly denounce him as grossly insensitive for what he has said about women, Mexicans, Muslims, McCain and a reporter with a disability. Such crimes against decency, says the press, disqualify Trump as a candidate for president. Yet, when they demand he apologize, Trump doubles down. And when they demand that Republicans repudiate him, the GOP base replies: “Who are you to tell us whom we may nominate? You are not friends. You are not going to vote for us. And the names you call Trump — bigot, racist, xenophobe, sexist — are the names you call us, nothing but cuss words that a corrupt establishment uses on those it most detests.”

Pat Buchanan possesses gifted insight into powerful appeal of Donald Trump for the Republican base. Both men are nativist, xenophobic, right-wing populists who understand the allure of white alienation and racial resentment in the post civil rights era. Pat Buchanan is more of a “culture warrior” than Donald Trump. But like George Wallace in the 1960s, the Know-Nothings in the 19th century and the Black Legion in the 1930s, Buchanan and Trump are recent iterations in a long history of right-wing demagoguery and false populism in American politics.

Nevertheless, the essence of Buchanan’s claim remains correct: the “political establishment” and “media” are viewed as discredited by Republicans.

One does not need to read rigorous research by social scientists or mountains of polling data to prove this thesis. All one has to do is listen to Donald Trump’s supporters (who are really none too different from the Republican base writ large) and how they make sense of the political and social world.

For example, in recent focus groups conducted by CBS and CNN, Trump’s backers told interviewers such things as “I don’t believe any one of (the politicians). Not one. I believe Donald”; “My president comes on TV and he lies to me … I believe Donald. I tell you, he says what I’m thinking!”; and “I think we’re all scared. I’m actually a little jumpy, I find Trump is the only one who would come out and say something like this, no one else would do it … You know what he says, he says something completely crazy and in inflammatory then he dials back (and) starts explaining it.”

These people are divorced from reality. To listen to Donald Trump’s supporters is to peek into the mouth of political madness.

One of the main challenges that responsible members of the pundit classes are having in making sense of the Republican Party in the Age of Obama—and movement conservatism in the post civil rights era, more generally—is that they still possess some faith in the merits of political discourse as based on mutually agreed upon facts, proceeding in good faith, the Common Good, and a belief in some version of normal politics in the service of responsible governance.

Moreover, the commentariat has still not effectively grappled with how today’s brand of conservatism exhibits pre-Enlightenment era thinking, and uses what I (and others) have described as “the politics of disorientation” to confuse the American people through a coordinated campaign of outright lying and seductive disinformation.

In short, they are using analytical tools and frameworks that are incapable of understanding the true nature of what Donald Trump and contemporary movement conservatism actually embodies.

It is clear that Trump is the leader of a cult of personality.

Donald Trump is a proto-fascist. He buddies up with Russian President Vladimir Putin for credibility in his role as a new il-Duce, a petit Mussolini for 21st century American politics. Donald Trump is a classic “strong man” political figure. To that end, he encourages violence by his followers against political opponents and those identified as the Other or somehow weak. Nor does Donald Trump deny that he is a “racist” or “neo-fascist.”

Trump also brags about his “perfect health,” “high energy” and vitality. Here, the fit body and Trump’s egomaniacal narcissism are essential for his crafting the charismatic leader persona.

But is Donald Trump actually something far worse? Is he a type of political cult leader?

To understand Donald Trump’s appeal, one must seriously consider the possibility that his followers specifically, and movement conservatives and the Republican Party more generally, are exhibiting signs of political psychopathology.

A cult can take many forms. They can be oriented around religion, politics or other needs and goals. On this point, noted American psychiatrist Robert Jay Lifton outlined some of the basic aspects of a cult as being:

Donald Trump is using his campaign to garner more money and power. He is also promising his supporters that he will “make American great again,” and by doing so give them opportunities for economic uplift and other resources.

I offer an important distinction and qualifier—one that is perhaps even more troubling than the notion of a person being conditioned into a “new” identity that replaces the “old” one. Donald Trump’s — and the Republican Party’s — base of low information voters are not being grabbed off of the street by his agents. Trump is providing a safe space and outlet for conservatives to validate their preexisting racist, xenophobic and bigoted attitudes. Their true selves are being actualized and “liberated.”

The Republican 2016 presidential primary candidates are using a campaign of fear and anxiety about terrorism, “illegal immigrants,” changing racial demographics, “black crime” and “Islam” to gin up support among a frightened public. This is the Southern Strategy mixed with old-fashioned fear-mongering to win over the votes of scared, mostly older, white voters in a moment when a black man happens to be president of the United States. This tactic also leverages how the brain structures and political personal types of conservatives/authoritarians are much more responsive to anxiety, fear and feelings of disgust than those of liberals and progressives.

Donald Trump is a master of manipulating the fears and anxieties of his public. This is a feature of the cult leader: he or she creates a sense of crisis and then offers a solution to it. Such a process was detailed in a New York Times story written at the height of the moral panic about cults in the United States during the 1980s: Dr. Cath defined a cult as a group of people joined together by a common ideological system fostered by a charismatic leader, where, he said, ”the expectation is that they can transcend the imperfections and finitude of life.” He said: ”Often they set up a we-they philosophy: We have the truth and you do not…” At some point during the experience, he said, ”the mark is placed in a panicky, disoriented state, and an emotional crisis is manufactured by the recruiters.” One response to this, Dr. Clark said, is that people can become psychotic… Contemporary conservatives exist within an echo chamber that has been created by Republican elites, Fox News, right-wing talk radio and other media. It has expanded to include online spaces. The worldview that is created there is one where basic facts about empirical reality are rejected, and the right-wing paranoid style of conspiracy theories and unfounded rumors have replaced substantive political discourse. Extreme political polarization and a broken American politics are the result of the epistemic closure that typifies the right wing in the United States. Cults also isolate their members and give them new ways to understand the world around them on terms agreeable to the cult leader: Third, cutting off the outside information sources. Once entering cults, consciously or unconsciously, people will gradually block sources of outside information to form a separate space, which might make them lost the ability to think independently. Although the United States is abundant in information, the cult members are isolated from the outside world completely… One important way for converting is to contact and exchange information with the outside world, so people can think independently. Bursting the information cocoon of those people in a traditional religious cult or who are immersed in the right-wing media echo chamber is not an easy task. They will resist. In political psychology, this phenomenon is called the “backfire effect.” It offers a chilling insight into the impact of extreme political ideology, polarization and the right-wing media on its followers. If Trump’s supporters—and movement conservatives en masse—are in fact exhibiting signs of political psychopathology, then the backfire effect is a powerful lens for understanding their behavior. Recently, a few political scientists have begun to discover a human tendency deeply discouraging to anyone with faith in the power of information. It’s this: Facts don’t necessarily have the power to change our minds. In fact, quite the opposite. In a series of studies in 2005 and 2006, researchers at the University of Michigan found that when misinformed people, particularly political partisans, were exposed to corrected facts in news stories, they rarely changed their minds. In fact, they often became even more strongly set in their beliefs. Facts, they found, were not curing misinformation. Like an underpowered antibiotic, facts could actually make misinformation even stronger… “The general idea is that it’s absolutely threatening to admit you’re wrong,” says political scientist Brendan Nyhan, the lead researcher on the Michigan study. The phenomenon — known as “backfire” — is “a natural defense mechanism to avoid that cognitive dissonance.” If Donald Trump is the leader of a political cult, then his power exists relative to how the modern Republican Party and movement conservatism possess the traits of “a fundamentalist-style political religion.” In this worldview, compromise, negotiation and working together across party lines to serve the Common Good and create a vibrant democracy are unacceptable because to do so is to engage in an act of heresy. Preeminent historian Richard Hofstadter described how conservatives in the 1950s and 1960s were even then manifesting a belief in politics as a type of religious orthodoxy. His observations resonate even more strongly in the age of the Tea Party, an extreme and reactionary Republican Party and Donald Trump. Five decades ago Hofstadter wrote: He does not see social conflict as something to be mediated and compromised, in the manner of the working politician.  Since what is at stake is always a conflict between absolute good and absolute evil, the quality needed is not a willingness to compromise but the will to fight things out to a finish.  Nothing but complete victory will do.  Since the enemy is thought of as being totally evil and totally unappeasable, he must be totally eliminated – if not from the world, at least from the theater of operations to which the paranoid directs his attention. Politics as religious orthodoxy is a necessary precondition for the rise of Donald Trump as a type of political cult leader. If contemporary conservatism is a type of religion where faith—what is a belief in that which cannot be proven by empirical means—rules all things, then Trump is the head of an extremist cult, a group considered too “radical” even by the fundamentalist standards of the Republican Party. Donald Trump is not Jim Jones. He is also not Immortan Joe from the recent film “Mad Max: Fury Road.” Trump is something more mundane. He is a demagogue with money who can mine fear, white identity politics and right-wing populism where spoils and rewards are given to good “real Americans” and the Other is, by definition, punished and excluded. Donald Trump is a hero for the angry and resentful white “silent majority” and “Everyman” who feel that they are somehow marginalized in “their” country and that “the blacks,” immigrants, Muslims and terrorists are out to get them. Cults provide easy answers, direction and a feeling of belonging for their members. The cult leader offers a way for his or her devotees to feel better about themselves than they did before joining the community. This is not a form of healthy personal growth or behavior. In most cases, it is deleterious to the self. When such techniques are used in politics, on many millions of people, it is a form of mass psychosis. Donald Trump is a carnival barker, proto-fascist reality TV show host turned Republican 2016 presidential primary leader. And he may also be a Svengali or Rasputin-like figure for the low information Republican base.",1
2804,"The biggest thing Iran deal critics get wrong, in one paragraph","According to critics of the Iran deal, Obama got played. If he had just waited, they argue, painful economic sanctions would have forced the Iranians to cave completely. And when that happened, the United States could have taken down Iran's nuclear program entirely, instead of just limiting it.

This narrative sounds compelling. It's also a total fantasy. The way sanctions actually worked means that the longer the US waited to make a deal, the worse it would have been.

Miles Kahler, a distinguished professor at American University, put this point really well in a piece for Brookings. Kahler's basic point is that the deal isn't just an agreement between America and Iran — it's a deal between America, Iran, and America's international partners. People who say there was a better deal don't really understand what countries like Russia and China wanted out of the negotiations:

Each of [America's] negotiating partners—three European allies, Russia, and China—paid a higher economic price for these economic sanctions in trade and investment foregone than the United States, whose companies have had (and will continue to have) limited economic exchange with Iran since the revolution, prevented by layers of unilateral sanctions imposed by successive U.S. administrations. Without the support of its negotiating partners for extending or deepening sanctions, their effectiveness would be immediately undermined. Given the greater opportunity cost of sanctions for them—particularly for Russia and China—it is difficult to imagine that they would follow any U.S. pursuit of a tougher bargain. Thus, the deal that is on the table represents not only a bargain between the P5+1 and Iran, but also a bargain among the P5+1 partners themselves.

In other words, the sanctions that led to this deal depended on the participation of those other countries. But because they previously traded a lot with Iran, they were also suffering a lot from the sanctions. America didn't have strong trade ties with Iran in the first place, so it felt much less economic pain. But Germany and China didn't want to give up the money they could make from Iran forever. If Obama walked away from this deal, these countries would likely have given up on sanctions altogether — and the prospect of a ""better deal"" would have vanished.

This is a very basic, fundamental point, but no deal critic has been able to answer it in a remotely plausible fashion. That's probably because the supposed ""better deal"" is 100 percent fictional. It was never a real option — just a myth made up to obscure the truth that this deal was the best one available.",1
2185,How A 2007 Debate Gaffe Paved The Way For A Deal That Will Define Obama's Legacy,"""I have no interest in sitting down with our adversaries just for the sake of talking,"" he explained. ""But as president of the United States, I would be willing to lead tough and principled diplomacy with the appropriate Iranian leader at a time and place of my choosing -- if, and only if, it can advance the interests of the United States.""

On Tuesday morning, seven years after that address, the logical endpoint of the worldview Obama outlined at AIPAC was achieved. Speaking from the White House at 7 a.m., Obama announced the conclusion of nuclear negotiations, in which Iran agreed to dramatically downsize its nuclear infrastructure in exchange for sweeping sanctions relief from the U.S. and the international community. Once the deal is implemented, Iran will have slashed the number of centrifuges it spins and disposed of the bulk of its stockpile of uranium, which can be enriched to use as fuel for a bomb. It will also be bound to intrusive inspections by the UN and subject to the reimposition of sanctions if it is found to be reneging on its commitments under the deal.

""The president has staked his reputation on this foolish errand, and I predicted all along that they would cave in to whatever it was in the end. ... Over time, history will judge it very harshly,"" said Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), who hammered Obama for his foreign policy naivety during the campaign in 2008 and who, during that election, infamously sang to the tune of ""that old Beach Boys song,"" ""Bomb bomb bomb, bomb bomb Iran.""

""If he had two main themes during the campaign, to put it simplistically, it was 'We aren’t going to get stuck in stupid wars' and that we are going to engage our adversaries in diplomacy,"" said Brian Katulis, a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress. ""He has more or less done both, and this Iran deal comes at the end of a prolonged diplomatic process with Iran but after a string of engagement with other countries.""

When Obama first declared he'd negotiate with adversaries, it was by accident -- an unprompted declaration during a Democratic primary debate -- and it set his campaign into a minor tailspin. ""We did not expect him to say that,"" former Obama spokesman Bill Burton told The Huffington Post of that debate moment. ""We were like, 'Oh my God. How do we walk it back? [Former Secretary of State] Madeline Albright’s attacking us!'""

After just two months in office, Obama took the unconventional step of sending Iranians a holiday message on Nowruz, the Iranian new year. “For nearly three decades, relations between our nations have been strained,"" he said. ""But on this holiday, we are reminded of the common humanity that binds us together.” Shifting his focus from the Iranian people to the Iranian leadership, Obama looked into the camera: “My administration is now committed to diplomacy that addresses the full range of issues before us.”

“We managed to convince the world,” said Ilan Goldenberg, who worked on Iran at the Pentagon between 2009 and 2012. “Up until that point it was, ‘Is Iran being obstinate, or is it the U.S.?’ Obama was able to demonstrate that we were open and negotiating in good faith. Which, in turn, allowed us to build up support for the sanctions regime,” he added, referring to the eventual coalition of nations that agreed to sanction Iran -- including reluctant countries like Russia and China.

But the Obama foreign policy portfolio was always more robust than just a pledge to negotiate with enemies. And even as he was reaching out to Iran, Obama’s instincts seemed to guide him away from the very positioning that defined his campaign. As Dr. Edward Levine, who spent over 30 years as a staffer on the foreign relations and intelligence committee in the Senate, put it: “Engagement is one tool in the toolbox.”

When he won the Nobel Peace Prize shortly after taking office, Obama gave a speech that, to the surprise of many, served as a defense of war. On one of his first major decisions, he authorized a major escalation of U.S. troops in Afghanistan, to the gratification of his military advisers. Drone operations expanded dramatically, in both frequency and geographic scope. And in 2011 he signed off on U.S. airstrikes in Libya to both prevent a humanitarian slaughter and to expedite the ouster of Col. Muammar Gaddafi.

According to advisers, it was the latter decision, more than the others, that prompted rethinking within the administration about overall foreign policy strategy. The ease of the intervention was eclipsed only by the messiness of the aftermath. And soon enough, the voices of those inside the administration advocating for caution, multilateralism and ""retrenchment"" -- to borrow the phrasing of critics -- were ascendent.

""You had different schools of thought in the administration,"" said Richard Haass, president of the Council on Foreign Relations. ""You've had humanitarian interventionism, which got you to do more in Afghanistan initially, and more in Libya. And then you had the retrenchment mentality, which led you to not follow up in Libya, to have these calendar-based withdrawals rather than condition-based withdrawals from places like Iraq and Afghanistan. So I think there's been competing impulses. You articulate a pivot to Asia but you don't do a whole lot to make it real. So I just think there is all along then a kind of duality to the foreign policy.""",1
4001,Russian Passenger Plane Crashes In Sinai With 224 Aboard,"A Russian aircraft carrying 217 passengers and seven crew members has crashed in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula, according to Egyptian authorities. The Airbus A321 lost contact with both Egyptian and Russian officials after it took off from Sharm el-Sheikh, Egypt, on a flight to St. Petersburg, Russia.

The Russian Aviation Agency says the airliner was a charter flight carrying tourists back from a popular Russian vacation spot, NPR's Corey Flintoff tells our Newscast unit. The plane was operated by Metrojet, a small airline formerly called Kolavia.

There were no survivors, both Egyptian and Russian officials say. Investigators are working to determine what caused the crash. The AP reports that during the brief flight, the airliner's pilot reported technical difficulties and said he wanted to make an emergency landing.

We'll update this post as new information becomes available.

Update at 2:25 p.m. ET: Russia Denies Group's Claim For Credit

Russian Transport Minister Maksim Sokolov, who is now on a flight to Egypt along with several other high-ranking officials, says that reports that the Russian airliner ""was hit by terrorists in Egypt cannot be considered reliable,"" Russia's Interfax news agency reports.

That statement came after the ISIS affiliate in the Sinai put out a statement claiming responsibility for the crash. Experts on the group have told NPR's Alice Fordham that they're skeptical of such claims, adding that the group provided neither proof nor details about how they might have downed the aircraft.

With the cause of the crash under investigation, both Air France and Lufthansa say their planes will avoid flying over the Sinai Peninsula, as a precaution, the AP reports.

Interfax also reports that the loved ones of those on board the Metrojet flight will receive financial compensation, citing the Ingosstrakh insurance company's pledge of a benefit worth at least 2 million rubles (around $31,226) for each passenger. In addition, the Labor Ministry says the families of those on board will each receive 1 million rubles (around 15,613).

Russian investigators searched the airline's offices, to confiscate any documents related to the plane that crashed, Interfax says.

Update at 8:18 a.m. ET: Black Box Found; Many Bodies Recovered

At least 100 bodies have been recovered from the scene of the crash, according to Russia's Tass agency, which adds that at least one black box flight recorder has also been found. The state news outlet adds that the passengers included 138 women, 17 children, and 63 men.

""I now see a tragic scene,"" an Egyptian security officer tells Reuters in a phone call. ""A lot of dead on the ground and many who died whilst strapped to their seats.

""The plane split into two, a small part on the tail end that burned and a larger part that crashed into a rock. We have extracted at least 100 bodies and the rest are still inside.""

The officer adds, ""We are hearing a lot of telephones ringing, most likely belonging to the victims, and security forces are collecting them and putting them into a bag.""

A look at the plane's flight data on the Flight Radar site shows that after taking off from the Red Sea resort, it quickly gained speed and altitude after takeoff. But moments after it topped 400 knots and 33,000 feet, the airliner's speed abruptly fell to just 93 knots, with an altitude of 28,375 feet, according to the Flight Radar data.

The flight tracker data shows the airliner's flight lasted only about 20 minutes, halting when the plane was northeast of the town of Nekhel, in the central Sinai region.

Corey also notes that as the story developed early Saturday, conflicting reports emerged about the plane's crash site. Some Russian media outlets, he said, initially reported that the authorities lost contact with the aircraft over Cyprus.

Russia's President Vladimir Putin has declared a national day of mourning for Nov. 1, ordering flags to fly at half-mast. Earlier, Putin sent his condolences to the families of those aboard the plane, directed Russia's emergency agencies to assist at the crash site, and formed a commission to investigate the crash.

Egypt's President Abdel Fattah El Sisi issued a statement offering ""sincere condolences to the leadership, government and people of Russia as well as the families of the victims of the Russian plane crash that took place near Al-Hasana City in Sinai.""",1
4495,"Regardless of who wins the confirmation battle, the big loser is the Supreme Court","In the time since Justice Antonin Scalia’s passing on Saturday, the hard-working folks at The Monkey Cage have already done some yeoman work, offering up five separate posts about the politics of it. The Volokh Conspiracy, not to be outdone, has 10 posts up on the topic. With apologies to all of them, their takeaway message is:

I don’t disagree with a single thing that Mike Bailey wrote at The Monkey Cage or that SCOTUSblog’s Tom Goldstein wrote about how to game out the strategies of both Obama and Republican senators. It all makes sense. It’s all very savvy and very political.

[Supreme Court nomination process sure to be an epic debate]

Reading through them, however, there was just one small, teeny, tiny detail that kept nagging at me: No matter how this plays out, the Supreme Court loses.

The hard-working staff here at Spoiler Alerts has been banging on periodically about the erosion of trust in American political institutions. The Supreme Court has not been immune to that trend. Here’s the General Social Survey data:

To be fair, the Supreme Court is still more widely respected than either Congress or President Obama. But if you think about it, that’s a really low bar.

The sources of this decline are likely myriad, but a big part of it is that the court is increasingly viewed through a partisan lens, and no partisan has liked the Roberts court in recent years. Indeed, the combination of divided government and political polarization forced the Supreme Court into a more overtly political role, thereby guaranteeing it would serve as a wedge issue going forward. Democrats didn’t love this court because Republicans appointed a majority of the justices, leading to rulings like Citizens United and Heller. Republicans didn’t love this court because its rulings on gay marriage and Obamacare shifting the political status quo to the left.

We’re at the point in this country where partisanship is now the last socially approved form of discrimination. As Paul Waldman noted over at The Plum Line, the trend on Senate confirmation votes of Supreme Court justices sustains this point:

[Clarence Thomas excepted], through the Clinton administration, justices got near-unanimous votes. Then things changed starting with the George W. Bush administration. While Democrats did their best to find some dirt on John Roberts and Samuel Alito and Republicans did the same to Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan, none of it amounted to much of anything. Yet in all those cases, most of the opposition party voted against the nominee. And it’s likely to get even worse.

The GOP Senate caucus’s immediate reaction to Scalia’s passing is simply the latest iteration of this dynamic.

Whether due merely to partisan sorting or true ideological polarization, the erosion of trust in the Supreme Court reflects decades-long trends, so the flapdoodles and argle-bargle of the past few days were probably inevitable.

But as Dara Lind noted over at Vox, it’s a shame that political leaders haven’t focused a wee bit more on one of Scalia’s more gracious attributes. Scalia was clearly able to separate the political from the personal. His close friendship with Ruth Bader Ginsburg, the Ralph to his Sam, attests to that. As Lind concludes:

I get why this seat is such a high-stakes political battle for everyone involved. Politics ain’t beanbag. But the battle that is about to ensue over Scalia’s seat is going to be nasty. It’s part of a secular trend that will only further the erosion of public trust in the Supreme Court. And that’s the bigger problem with how this will play out.",1
2274,Texas Bill To Add Barriers To Gay Marriage Dies In House,"AUSTIN, Texas, May 15 (Reuters) - Republican-backed legislation to put new blockades on same-sex marriage in Texas died in the statehouse on Friday after failing to win approval by a midnight deadline amid stalling tactics by the Democratic minority.

The bill, called the ""Preservation of Sovereignty and Marriage Act,"" would block clerk's offices in the state's 254 counties from using tax money to issue licenses for same-sex weddings.

Socially conservative backers have said the measure allows the state to exert its rights regarding marriage. The bill's demise comes as the U.S. Supreme Court is expected to decide next month whether same-sex marriage will be legal nationwide.

About a decade ago, voters in the largely conservative state overwhelmingly approved a Texas constitutional amendment that only allows marriage between a man and a woman. State Republican leaders have said they will fight to enforce the ban on same-sex marriage.

The bi-annual Texas legislative session ends in about two weeks. All bills, except the budget, that did not pass in the Texas House of Representatives before Friday are not allowed to proceed.

Before gay marriage became legal in the liberal northeastern state of Massachusetts in 2004, it was not permitted in any state. Now it is legal in 37 states and Washington. (Reporting by Jon Herskovitz; Editing by Susan Heavey)",1
3724,"Suspect in 4 gruesome D.C. killings might not have acted alone, police say","Authorities said in court papers Friday that the brutal killings of the Savopoulos family in Northwest Washington probably involved a conspiracy of more than one person taking the victims captive and waiting more than 19 hours for a $40,000 ransom before killing them and setting fire to their multimillion-dollar home.

Savvas Savopoulos, 46, his wife, Amy, 47, and their housekeeper, Veralicia Figueroa, 57, were beaten and stabbed, according to the court papers — the arrest warrant affidavit written by police. The couple’s 10-year-old son, Philip, was found dead on a charred queen-size mattress in his bedroom. He had been beaten, stabbed and burned, police said in the document, and his room and others in the house were doused with gasoline.

The new details came as the first suspect identified in the slayings made his initial appearance in D.C. Superior Court. Daron Dylon Wint, 34, was arrested Thursday night after a two-day manhunt and charged with first-degree murder while armed.

Police said in the affidavit that the elaborate crime probably “required the presence and assistance of more than one person.” The document also says that police think “all four decedents were held captive by Mr. Wint and others.” Police did not elaborate, but they have said other suspects have not been ruled out.

Wint was captured in Northeast Washington after a task force of federal marshals and police tracked him to New York and back to the District over two days.

Wint so far is charged only in the death of the family patriarch, a wealthy socialite and business executive who ran American Iron Works, a large supplier of iron and steel to construction projects. Officials said additional charges are likely in the deaths of the wife, son and housekeeper.

Wint appeared in court with his wrists and ankles shackled, escorted by three marshals.

He said only his name at the hearing. At times, he shook his shoulder-length dreads out of his eyes.

His attorney, Natalie Lawson of the Public Defender Service, said in court that the case was “based on speculation and guesswork.” She added: “He is innocent. There is no link to the killings or the death of the decedent. There is nothing linking him to these deaths.”

Magistrate Judge Errol R. Arthur ordered Wint held until his next court appearance June 23, saying there was “a lot of circumstantial evidence here, but it all points to the defendant.”

The Savopoulos family on Friday thanked law enforcement for the arrest.

“While it does not abate our pain, we hope that it begins to restore a sense of calm and security to our neighborhood and to our city,” they said in a statement issued by a family spokeswoman.

The police affidavit filed in court Friday offers new details about how the family and Figueroa were held and killed in the three-story home on Woodland Drive NW, near the vice president’s mansion. Police have said that Wint once worked for Savopoulos’s American Iron Works firm in Hyattsville, Md., but have not offered a motive. D.C. Police Chief Cathy L. Lanier has assured residents that the family was targeted and the crime was not random.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Emily Miller said Wint’s DNA was found on discarded pizza left in the room where the three adults were found dead.

She said police found a fingerprint on a water bottle at the house, and that prosecutors were seeking to compare it with Wint’s fingerprints.

Police also have been examining confusing and mysterious text messages sent among the Savopouloses and another housekeeper, whom they repeatedly told to stay away from the home. They also investigated the actions of Savopoulos’s assistant, who delivered the $40,000 to the house May 14 in the moments before the killings.

[The housekeeper who died, Veralicia Figueroa, wanted to return to El Salvador. ]

In the affidavit, police said the assistant told detectives that Savopoulos called him on the morning of May 14 and told him to go to the iron company, pick up a package and deliver it to the D.C. house.

The assistant told police two versions of how he obtained the package — a red bag filled with $40,000 that had been withdrawn by other Iron Works employees from one of the company’s accounts at Bank of America.

The assistant said Savopoulos instructed him to take the money from the red bag and put it in a manila envelope, then place it inside a red car parked in the garage at the family home. The assistant then texted another person a photo of a red bag with what appeared to be two bundles of money wrapped in white bands. Authorities declined to comment on the assistant’s text or say who received it.

The arrest affidavit says matter-of-factly that “after the money was delivered, the four decedents were killed.”

Police said Wint took the family’s blue Porsche, which was found later that day burned in a church parking lot in Prince George’s County, two miles from Wint’s parents’ home.

Wint’s capture was precipitated by the pizza the family ordered during the ordeal. The affidavit says Amy Savopoulos ordered two pizzas from a Tenleytown Domino’s at 9:14 p.m. May 13 and instructed the driver to leave the boxes on the front porch, ring the bell and leave, saying she was nursing a sick child. The delivery person reported seeing the house completely dark, except for the porch light.

Police said they found two Domino’s boxes in the bedroom where the three adults were found.

A cheese pizza had not been eaten, but a pepperoni pie had been partially consumed. Police used a federal lab to expedite a DNA test and said a match came back for Wint, who has an arrest and conviction record in Maryland.

[Wint’s criminal history includes charges of assault in Maryland and New York]

U.S. Marshals Cmdr. Robert Fernandez, who runs the Capital Area Regional Fugitive Task Force, said his agents were summoned Tuesday after D.C. police learned Wint’s name for the first time.

By Wednesday, they believed he had fled to Brooklyn, where he has family and friends. But a raid on an apartment there later that night turned up empty.

“He had just left,” Fernandez said. “We barely missed him.”

Fernandez said his team “worked through the night,” and Thursday they learned Wint might be back in the Washington area, at a Howard Johnson hotel in College Park, Md. By that time, D.C. police had released his name and announced a $25,000 reward.

But as agents were trying to learn what room he was in, Fernandez said a surveillance team noticed Wint leaving in one of two vehicles that pulled out of the parking lot shortly before 11 p.m.

Police followed a box truck and a white Chevrolet Cruze sedan heading toward the District. “It was obvious they were traveling together,” he said.

About 25 unmarked police cars and a helicopter from Prince George’s County — tracking the vehicles with a thermal-imaging camera — followed them into the District. Near Rhode Island Avenue and 10th Street NE, Fernandez said an unmarked police car got between the truck and the sedan, and other cars pinned them. Officers, some armed with semiautomatic weapons, detained five people from both vehicles.

Fernandez said Wint was in the back seat of the sedan, which had a female driver and passenger. He said two men were in the truck. They were seated on a curb and handcuffed. “They had no idea they were being followed,” he said.

Authorities said they found $10,000 in the truck; Fernandez said he saw money stuffed into the side door. Court documents say authorities found money orders exceeding $10,000 and a large stack of $100 bills, the same denomination delivered to Savopoulos in the $40,000 delivery.

D.C. police said only that Wint was arrested. A spokesman said none of the others were charged with crimes, but offered no explanation. Wint said everyone in the vehicles surrendered without incident.

“They were in the face of overwhelming odds and force,” he said.

Lynh Bui and Clarence Williams contributed to this report",1
420,Fed lowers economic outlook but stays mum on rate plans,"The Federal Reserve lowered its economic outlook Wednesday after a harsh winter chilled the U.S economy's growth, reducing the odds for an initial interest rate hike as soon as the Fed's June meeting.

In a statement after a two-day meeting the Fed gave no clear signal of when it plans to raise its benchmark interest rate for the first time since 2006 but policymakers have indicated they expect to act this year.

The Fed statement was released at 2 p.m. ET.

As of 2:55 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones industrial average was down about 55 points, or 0.3%, to 18,056 and the Standard & Poor's 500 index dropped 5 points, or 0.3%, to 2110. The Nasdaq composite was down 17 points, or 0.3%, to 5038. Yields on 10-year government bonds sprang above 2%.

The Fed said economic growth ""slowed during the winter months, in part reflecting transitory factors."" Unusually cold weather, for example, hindered economic activity. The Fed said it expects the economy to rebound and grow at a moderate pace in coming months.

With that optimistic view, the Fed didn't rule out a June rate increase, as it virtually foreclosed the chances of an April hike in its statement last month. Still, its assertion that temporary factors were only part of the reason for last quarter's slowdown suggests the central bank may want to hold off a few months before hoisting the target range for its federal funds rate, which has been near zero since the 2008 financial crisis.

While a June rate increase ""does not look very likely,"" it ""remains an option if the data suddenly turn much stronger than expected,"" Jim O'Sullivan, chief U.S. economist of High Frequency Economics, wrote in a note to clients.

Paul Ashworth of Capital Economics said ""it would take something quite spectacular to convince Fed officials to raise rates in June.""

The Fed's statement noted that job growth ""moderated"" and household spending declined in recent weeks, though inflation-adjusted incomes ""rose strongly, partly reflecting earlier declines in energy prices.""

Business investment, however, ""softened"" and exports declined, the statement said. The Fed added that inflation continued to run below the Fed's target, ""partly reflecting earlier declines in energy prices and decreasing prices of non-energy imports."" Fed policymakers said they expect inflation ""to rise gradually toward 2% over the medium-term as the labor market improves further and the transitory effects"" of low energy and import prices dissipate.

A strong dollar has hurt manufacturers' exports and the plunge in oil prices has led energy companies to slash investment.

The government said Wednesday morning that the economy grew just 0.2% at an annual rate in the first quarter, down from 2.2% in the October-December period and below the modest 1% pace expected by economists.

Meanwhile, inflation remains well below the Fed's annual 2% target, with the government reporting that the Fed's preferred measure, which excludes food and energy costs, rose 0.9% last quarter. That's the smallest increase since 2010.

And employers added just 126,000 jobs in March, compared to average monthly gains of 269,000 the prior 12 months.

The Fed reiterated Wednesday that it will bump up its federal funds rate ""when it has seen further improvement in the labor market and is reasonably confident that inflation will move back"" to the Fed's 2% target ""over the medium-term.""

The central bank has kept its benchmark interest rate near zero since the 2008 financial crisis, but with the economic recovery now almost six years old, the central bank has been preparing financial markets and consumers for a return to normal interest rate policy. Last month, the Fed dropped a pledge to be patient as it considers boosting the rate, signaling that it could make the move as early as June.

Many economists say the Fed is unlikely to act until September at the earliest so it can assess whether the economy is regaining the momentum it had built last year. That timetable is consistent with Fed policymakers' median forecast in March as well as with recent speeches by Fed policymakers, including Fed Chair Janet Yellen.",1
3604,Satellite Images Show 'Catastrophic' Destruction Of Boko Haram Attack In Nigeria,"Amnesty International has released stunning satellite imagery that it says ""show devastation of catastrophic proportions"" in Baga and Doron Baga, two towns in northeastern Nigeria that were attacked by Boko Haram.

As we've pointed out in the past few days, there has been confusion over just how deadly this attack was. Amnesty International has consistently said that the Islamic militants tore through the towns, burning buildings and killing as many as 2,000 people. The government, however, has denied those claims, saying the death toll is closer to 150.

The new images, the human rights group says, show the government estimates are wrong.

""Up until now, the isolation of the Baga combined with the fact that Boko Haram remains in control of the area has meant that it has been very difficult to verify what happened there,"" said Daniel Eyre, Amnesty Nigeria researcher said in a statement. ""Residents have not been able to return to bury the dead, let alone count their number. But through these satellite images combined with graphic testimonies a picture of what is likely to be Boko Haram's deadliest attack ever is becoming clearer.""

Here are two relevant photographs from the town of Doron Baga. The first was taken on January 2. The red represents healthy vegetation:

The second image was taken January 7:

According to Amnesty, those pictures show that more than 3,100 structures were damaged or destroyed by fire, ""affecting most of the 4 square kilometer town.""

The Washington Post has a bit of background:

Boko Haram has been in the news lately, because the Islamic extremists took responsibility for the mass kidnapping of schoolgirls from the town of Chibok in Borno last April.",1
3747,May Day's meaning: How it unfolded in Seattle,"SEATTLE — Police say black-clad May Day marchers hurled wrenches and rocks at officers and hit police with sticks as a Friday night march through a Seattle neighborhood turned violent and injured three officers.

""This is no longer demonstration management, this has turned into a riot,"" Seattle Police Captain Chris Fowler tweeted.

Police responded with pepper spray and pepper balls, eventually arresting 15 people. Protesters damaged several dozen vehicles, officers said.

""It became violent and destructive and we had to make a move,"" Seattle Police Chief Kathleen O'Toole said during a joint press conference with Mayor Ed Murray. ""I think (officers) were very professional about how they handled the situation.""

The march was just one of several May Day demonstrations done to support workers rights and other causes in Seattle on Friday. Others were peaceful, including a Black Lives Matter March and an immigrant and workers' rights event, organized by the group El Comite.

She said the department will do a comprehensive review to make sure the use of force was appropriate.

She wouldn't go into details about the officers' injuries, but said one had a burn injury and another had an orthopedic injury. They are all ""conscious and in good spirits,"" she said.

Bicycle officers shadowed the marchers — who changed directions often through Capitol Hill — keeping them off Interstate 5 and away from downtown. Police in riot gear eventually hemmed them in at the plaza at Seattle Central College.

""We're all here for one reason and that's to unify the people,"" said Jessica Ramirez, who was one of thousands who marched through downtown Seattle.

For University of Washington student Diana Betancourt, the day takes on a deep meaning.

""At the age of five, my mom, two sisters and I came here, we crossed through the Arizona desert with no money, no food, in search of a better life, a better future,"" she said. ""Now I am here, a second year (student) at the University of Washington, my whole tuition paid up, making my dream come true.""

She said she can't vote and is technically a ""legal alien.""

""It was a shameful thing that you have to grow up with, not being able to tell other people this identity of you, you have to keep it inside,"" Betancourt said. ""We're forced to keep it a secret. You don't know who to trust. You don't know who's going to help you and who's going to report you.""

Once the crowds made it to the federal courthouse in downtown, people came to the stage to discuss workers' and immigrant rights. Some speakers focused on how deportation breaks up families.

""Seattle, everybody — I am so proud to see you all here, but we've got to keep the fight,"" said Jorge Baron of the Northwest Immigrant Rights Project. ""We've got to keep the fight. We've got to win. We're on the right side of justice. We are going to win.""

Other discussions turned to Baltimore, where State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby filed charges earlier in the morning in the Freddie Gray case.

""An indictment of those six cops is not justice for Freddie Gray nor is it equity for any of us oppressed people,"" Nikita Oliver told the crowd of demonstrators. ""I'm humbled by the youth and those in the streets of Baltimore. I'm humbled by the people across the nation who have taken to the streets for equity for black folks.""",1
2730,"Liberal media mocks Republican presidential candidates with ""clown car"" diss","Republicans never win with the media. Nominate a rich, old, white guy and media outlets complain he’s old and out of touch. Have the most vibrant and diverse field of candidates either party might have had in history? It’s a “clown car,” according to liberal and even some more traditional news outlets.

The “clown car” criticism is a particular favorite of MSNBC, a network that finds itself somewhere between an Edsel and a Pinto. Since Jan. 1, hosts and guests at MesSNBC have used the expression 38 times. Obama “Thrill up my leg” fan and ""Hardball"" host Chris Matthews owns it, racking up 29 mentions since the beginning of the year.

Although liberals have been using the term to describe the GOP for several years, Matthews claims it. “Well, speaking of the clown car, I think I invented that term and I will hold on to it,” he told the ""Hardball"" audience May 11. When he discussed the Republican field with guests, out came the “clown car” calls, like some parrot begging for a cracker. Even the Conservative Political Action Conference became that “clown car convention.”

Matthews was far from alone. Sirius/XM Radio hard-left host John Fugelsang told “The Ed Show” on April 24, that Republican Gov. Bobby Jindal of Louisiana was making a “big public play to be the latest elf to jump in the big overcrowded clown car” that is the GOP.

Left-leaning Susan Milligan, a political and foreign affairs writer for US News & World Report, got into the act in a big ""Hardball"" way May 20. “It’s interesting to me that you’ve got all of these Republican men and one woman running. And the only reason they have for running is that they have this double-decker clown car of candidates and think ‘well, why not me, if these guys can run?’” she asked.

Esquire’s Charles Pierce, who authored “Idiot America,” upgraded the vehicle of choice. “You know, we all saw what the clown car looked like in 2012. And it looks like in 2016, we`re going to have a clown SUV,” he told the audience of the little-watched ""All In With Chris Hayes"" February 20.

In March, New York Times opinion columnist Timothy Egan called it “the clown car holding a clutch of potential Republican presidential candidates continues to gasp along.” For Egan, who complained about “the landfill of Republican dimwittedness,” this was par for the course. He even upgraded his phrasing further to a “clown bus,” in a May column.

Washington Post columnists Michael Gerson and Dana Milbank have both deployed the term. Milbank’s May 18, 2015 piece was headlined: “The Republican field is a clown car” and Gerson called it a “stretch clown car.”

It doesn’t matter what they call it – car, bus, SUV or even a London double-decker – the media hates the GOP vehicle if it’s not making left turns. The election’s just getting started. Liberal news outlets are going to keep pulling the wheel that direction, even if the whole nation runs off the road.

Dan Gainor is the Media Research Center's Vice President for Business and Culture. He writes frequently about media for Fox News Opinion. He can also be contacted on Facebook and Twitter as dangainor.",1
3390,State Department challenges Clinton claim that emails to officials ‘immediately’ saved,"A State Department spokeswoman said Friday that the department did not start automatically archiving emails from senior officials until February of this year -- raising questions about Hillary Clinton's claim that her emails were ""immediately"" saved whenever she corresponded with colleagues.

The former secretary of state made that assertion during her press conference earlier this week -- and in a lengthy statement put out by her office -- as she defended her exclusive use of personal email. Clinton downplayed concerns that official emails could have been lost by suggesting anytime she emailed anyone with a "".gov"" address, that email would be stored for posterity.

""The vast majority of my work emails went to government employees at their government addresses, which meant they were captured and preserved immediately on the system at the State Department,"" she said Tuesday.

But department spokeswoman Jen Psaki made clear on Friday that this was not the way the system worked.

She said the department only started automatically archiving emails for other senior officials in February.

""They have long been planning to do this. It's just something that it took some time to put in place,"" Psaki said, adding that they'll ""continue to ... take steps forward.""

Before February, these senior officials would have been responsible for flagging their own official records for preservation. And as an inspector general report released earlier this week made clear, that often was not happening.

The report said that in 2011, employees created just ""61,156 record emails out of more than a billion emails sent."" They created even fewer in 2013.

The report said some employees aren't preserving emails ""because they do not want to make the email available in searches or fear that this availability would inhibit debate about pending decisions.""

A central part of Clinton's argument in downplaying the impact of her personal email use has been that she sent most emails to government colleagues on their "".gov."" accounts. The written statement put out by her office said ""her work emails were immediately captured and preserved"" this way. Further, Clinton stressed that she cooperated with the department last year in handing over about 55,000 pages of ""work-related"" email documents from her time as secretary -- her office claimed 90 percent of them already were in the system since they had been sent to "".gov"" accounts.

But Psaki's latest comments would appear to undermine those claims.

Nate Jones, director of the FOIA project at the Washington-based National Security Archive, told Fox News he had doubts about Clinton's assertion from the start.

""The most important claim she made on Tuesday was that emails were captured and preserved in real time. Knowing how far government email systems lag behind those everyone else uses, it was extremely doubtful this was actually the case,"" he said. ""The inspector general's report confirmed that just .00006 percent of State Department emails were saved, so it's very unlikely the people Secretary Clinton relied upon to save her records did.

""Today's disclosure by spokesperson Psaki confirms that the vast majority of her emails were not saved at all.""

Clinton also revealed earlier this week that while more than 30,000 emails were provided to the department, nearly 32,000 were deemed by her as ""private, personal"" records that she did not keep. She also said her personal server would remain private.",1
4510,"ISIS claims credit for terror attacks at Brussels airport, Metro station","DEVELOPING: ISIS has claimed credit for Tuesday morning’s rush-hour attacks in Brussels, which left at least 31 dead and more than 180 injured.

As many as 31 people were killed and more than 180 injured as coordinated terrorist bombings rocked the Brussels airport and subway system during rush hour Tuesday morning in the Belgian capital.

Two bombings at Zaventem Airport, where 11 people were reportedly killed, and another at the metro station in the Maelbeek section near the European Union headquarters, where the mayor's office said 20 were killed, were almost immediately confirmed as terrorism. The attack at the airport was reportedly accompanied by shouts in Arabic and gunfire, and an unexploded suicide belt was reportedly found in the aftermath.

""What we feared has happened, we were hit by blind attacks,"" said Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel.

""We are at war,” French Prime Minister Manuel Valls said Tuesday. “We have been subjected for the last few months in Europe to acts of war.""

The attacks, which Belgian authorities said were suicide bombings, came four days after the main suspect in the November Paris attacks was arrested in Brussels, and even as Brussels was braced for new attacks.

A source told Fox News that a credible ISIS social media account posted the message, “Mosul revenge for the Kuffar capital Brussels,” but it was not definitive that the terror group was behind the attacks.

The first two explosions rocked the departure hall at the Brussels airport shortly after 8 a.m. local time. Early reports placed the number of dead at 13, with as many as 81 wounded, although the death toll was later revised downward to 11. Witnesses told The Associated Press that one occurred at an American Airlines counter and the other near a Starbucks cafe.

American Airlines said in a statement that none of its employees were among the dead or injured and later tweeted from its verified account that the blast did not occur at its check-in row.



“There were two explosions in the departure area, one probably caused by a suicide bomber,"" said Belgian federal prosecutor Frederic Van Leeuw of the attack on the airport.

One of the airport bombs may have been in a suitcase, a U.S. official told The Associated Press, and local TV reported that it may have been loaded with nails.

“First there was one explosion. Everyone started to run and panic broke out. Then a second explosion was heard,” one witness told The Brussels Times about the airport explosion.

Zach Mouzoun, who arrived on a flight from Geneva about 10 minutes before the first blast, told BFM television that the second, louder explosion brought down ceilings and ruptured pipes, mixing water with blood from victims.

""It was atrocious. The ceilings collapsed,"" he said. ""There was blood everywhere, injured people, bags everywhere.""

""We were walking in the debris. It was a war scene,"" he said.

Marie-Odile Lognard, a traveler who was lining up in the departures hall for a flight to Abu Dhabi, told BFM television that people panicked after the first explosion about 65 feet from her and that a second explosion about 15 seconds later caused parts of the ceiling to collapse.

""I knew it was an explosion because I've been around explosions before,"" said Denise Brandt, an American woman interviewed by Sky television.

""I felt the explosion, the way it feels through your body. And we just looked at each other and I said 'let's go this way.' It was over there. There was just this instinct to get away from it. Then we saw people running, crying, toward us. So I knew we were going in the right direction and away from it. ""

Amateur video shown on France's i-Tele television showed passengers -- including a child -- running with a backpack dashing out of the terminal in different directions as they tugged luggage. Belgian news channel RTBF reports a Kalashnikov rifle was found in the departure hall at the airport.

Marc Noel, 63, was about to board a Delta flight to Atlanta, to return to his home in Raleigh, N.C.

A Belgium native, Noel says he was in an airport shop buying automobile magazines when the first explosion occurred about 50 yards away.

""People were crying, shouting, children. It was a horrible experience,"" he told AP. He said his decision to buy the magazines might have saved his life. ""I don't want to think about it, but I would probably have been in that place when the bomb went off.""

Three Mormon missionaires, identified by the church as Richard Norby, 66; Joseph Empey, 20, and Mason Wells, 19, all of Utah, were the only Americans known to have been injured in the airport attack.

Moments later at the Metro station, another explosion was reported on a train that was stopped at the Maelbeek subway station, not far from the headquarters of the European Union. Ian McCafferty told The Irish Times he was just getting off the metro at the stop before Maelbeek around 8:20 a.m. when he heard a “loud muffled thud” but, because of construction at the metro, he “didn’t really think much of it.

“There was a large military presence and mass confusion,” he said. “People started to run. Some people were crying. The two stations are only a stone’s throw apart. We were the last train through the station before the blast.”

Rescue workers set up a makeshift treatment center in a local pub near the train station. Dazed and shocked morning travelers streamed from the metro entrances as police tried to set up a security cordon.

Brussels Mayor Yvan Majeur put the number of dead at the train station at 20, with more than 100 more injured.

Alexandre Brans, 32, who was wiping blood from his face, said: ""The metro was leaving Maelbeek station when there was a really loud explosion. It was panic everywhere. There were a lot of people in the metro.""

First responders ran through the street outside with two people on stretchers, their clothes badly torn.

The bombings in the European Union capital are certain to add new fire to the raging debate over refugees from Muslim nations where terrorist groups are active. Europe has taken in more than a million refugees, and terror groups including ISIS have said they are infiltrating the wave of migrants.

After his arrest on Friday, Salah Abdeslam, who is suspected of taking part in the Nov. 13 Paris attack that killed 130 people, told authorities he had created a new network and was planning new attacks.

After Abdeslam's arrest and before Tuesday's attacks, authorities were frantically hunting a suspect identified as 24-year-old Najim Laachraoui, who allegedly traveled to Hungary with Abdeslam before the Paris attack on Nov. 13. It was unclear whether Laachraoui played any role in Tuesday's bombings, but prosecutors say Laachraoui played a key role in recruiting attackers for ISIS.

U.S. authorities were monitoring the situation, poised to assist in the investigation. A U.S. counter-terrorism source told Fox News the priority for investigators is identifying the suicide bomber or bombers through DNA because they cannot operate in isolation, and identifying them can lead to the broader network.

Speaking Havana, President Obama mentioned the attacks before giving prepared comments on the thawing relationship between the U.S. and Cuba. Obama called the attacks “outrageous,” and pledged that the thoughts and prayers of Americans are with the Belgian people.

“This is yet another reminder that the world must unite, we must be together, regardless of nationality or race or faith, in fighting the scourge of terrorism,” said Obama, who had also spoken to Michel by phone.

Belgium's interior minister announced that the terror threat was being raised to its maximum level. All flights were canceled and arriving planes and trains were diverted.

Authorities told people in Brussels to stay where they were, bringing the city to a standstill. Airport security was also tightened in Paris, London and other European cities. Flights due to land at Zaventem, which handles 21 million passengers a year, were sent to Antwerp, Liege, and Brussels Charleroi airports.

French President Francois Hollande said ""terrorists struck Brussels but it was Europe that was targeted -- and all the world that is concerned,"" adding that ""this war will be long.""

Paris announced it would light the Eiffel Tower in the colors of the Belgian flag, and security around France's nuclear plants was reportedly increased, though no specific threat was cited.

Fox News' Catherine Herridge and Matthew Dean contributed to this report.",1
3654,Orlando Attack Just Added More Fuel to Divisive Politics,"The FBI says 29-year-old Omar Mateen, an American-born Muslim, appears to be a ""homegrown extremist,"" saying there's no evidence the attack was directed from the Middle East.

""I don't see anything in reviewing our work that our agents should have done differently,"" FBI Director James Comey said.

  

 But why was the killer allowed to walk into a gun store and buy firearms despite the fact that he had once been under FBI surveillance for nearly a year?

Witnesses now say that Mateen was a regular at the Pulse nightclub and dated men. Officials say he also scouted Disney World for a possible attack.

Meanwhile, as the investigation continues, the shooting has taken over the presidential campaign.

  

 After President Barack Obama refused to even utter the words 'Muslim' or 'Islamic terrorism' in his statement on the Orlando massacre, presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump expanded his proposed Muslim ban.

The billionaire says the doors to the United States should be closed to anyone from nations with a track record of Islamic terrorism, regardless of their religion.

""I will suspend immigration from areas of the world where there is a proven history of terrorism against the United States, Europe, or our allies until we fully understand how to end these threats,"" he vowed.

Trump accused Obama of being willfully ignorant about the issue of Islamic terrorism.

""There's something is going on,"" he said of the president and Islamic terrorism,

  

 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton at first followed the president's politically correct line.

""Inflammatory anti-Muslim rhetoric hurts the vast majority of Muslims who love freedom and hate terror,"" she said.

But her opponent pounced. Trump said Clinton isn't strong enough on America's enemies.

""Her continuing reluctance to ever name the enemy broadcasts weakness across the entire world,"" he said.

  

 Clinton finally uttered the words ""radical Islamism"" in an phone interview with CNN, but said she would not ""demonize an entire religion.""

""We face a twisted ideology and poisoned psychology that inspires the so-called lone wolves,"" she later admitted.

The Democratic response during a raucus session of Congress Monday wasn't on tougher anti-terror laws but gun control legislation. But Republicans stopped it.

  

 While politicians debate what should be done, investigators are still trying to learn more about the man who carried out the deadliest mass shooting in American history.",1
3903,"Obama Addresses Vaccinations, Other Issues In NBC Interview","President Barack Obama on Sunday encouraged parents to vaccinate their children and said the U.S. is doing everything in its power to rescue a 26-year-old woman held by the Islamic State, speaking in a wide-ranging interview also covering football and politics.

 

Obama's comments to NBC came as the U.S. grapples with a measles outbreak traced back to California's Disneyland theme park and a day after the release of video that purportedly showed the beheading of a Japanese journalist held by the militants.

 

Obama says he has watched videos of hostages being beheaded. ""I think it would affect anybody who has an ounce of humanity. And it's part of the reason why I think we've been so successful in organizing such a broad-based coalition"" to go after the Islamic State, Obama said.

 

Three Americans — aid worker Peter Kassig and journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff — were beheaded last year by the Islamic State. A fourth American being held is a woman captured last year in Syria while working for aid groups. U.S. officials have asked that she not be identified out of fears for her safety.

 

""Obviously this is something that is heart-breaking for the family and we want to make sure we do anything we can to make sure that any American citizen is rescued from this situation,"" Obama said.

 

On the measles outbreak that has spread to more than 100 people, Obama said children who are not vaccinated are putting infants and other people who can't get vaccinations at risk. ""You should get your kids vaccinated,"" Obama said directly.

 

Some parents continue to believe debunked research linking vaccines to autism and refuse to vaccinate their children.

 

""I understand that there are families that, in some cases, are concerned about the effect of vaccinations,"" Obama said. ""The science is, you know, pretty indisputable.""

 

Obama spoke to NBC's Savannah Guthrie before hosting a Super Bowl party at the White House for his friends. His comments on terrorism and vaccinations were taped to air on The Today Show Monday, but NBC released excerpts in advance.

 

Lighter topics were covered in a short segment that aired live in the pregame show. As Guthrie and Obama sampled White House-brewed beer from the executive mansion's kitchen, they mixed a discussion of the game's high-profile controversy — deflated footballs — with a brief discussion of politics.

 

But the president ducked picking between possible 2016 Democratic presidential contenders Joe Biden and Hillary Rodham Clinton. ""Love 'em both,"" Obama said with a smile.

 

He also wouldn't pick a favorite in the New England Patriots Super Bowl match-up against the Seattle Seahawks. ""I think it's always wise for me not to choose a team because then I just alienate one big city,"" Obama said.

 

As the NFL investigates how the Patriots used the deflated balls in their 45-7 AFC championship victory, Obama said the team would have defeated the Indianapolis Colts ""regardless of what the footballs looked like.""

 

""The one thing I did not realize — and I'll bet most fans didn't — was that each team prepares its own footballs and brings them to the game,"" Obama said. ""I don't think there's any other sport like that so I'm assuming one of the things the NFL is going to be doing just to avoid any of these controversies is figuring out how the officials are in charge of the footballs from start to finish.""

 

Pressed on whether the Patriots were cheating, Obama said: ""I think that if you break the rules then you break the rules.""

 

The president rejected the idea he was doing his own end zone dance with a defiant State of the Union address after Democrats lost seats in the midterm election. ""My job is not to trim my sails,"" Obama said, confidently arguing for his ability to win over even some of his political rivals. He spoke on the eve of his presentation of a budget to Congress, where his proposals are certain to get a rough reception from the Republican majority.

 

""One thing I've learned over the last six years is that when I tell the American people very clearly what direction I think the country should go in, sometimes people change their minds,"" Obama said. ""And even Republicans occasionally start agreeing with me, although sometimes a little bit later than I would like.""",1
59,Hillary Clinton Raised $45 Million In Latest Quarter,"WASHINGTON –- Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign on Wednesday announced a massive fundraising haul in the quarter that ended on June 30, further cementing her status as the clear front-runner in the 2016 race.

All told, the Democratic candidate and former secretary of state raised more than $45 million in primary campaign contributions between her campaign announcement in April and the end of June. That figure, according to a Clinton aide, is the most that any candidate has ever raised in their opening quarter, topping President Barack Obama's roughly $42 million in the first quarter of 2011.

Clinton's haul would also shatter the previous record for an opening fundraising total by a non-incumbent presidential candidate, which she herself set in the first quarter of 2007. To set that record, she raised $26 million in the first three months of her first presidential campaign while transferring an additional $10 million from her Senate campaign account. At the time, Obama trailed closely behind with $25 million.

The Clinton campaign will also report that 91 percent of the donations it received were $100 or less in value. However, the Clinton aide did not have a total for how many individual donors gave to the campaign.",1
3395,State Department spokeswoman floats jobs as answer to ISIS,"What the West really needs to take on the Islamic State is ... a jobs program.

That's what a top State Department spokeswoman suggested when asked in a TV interview Monday night about what the U.S.-led coalition is doing to stop the slaughter of civilians by Islamic State militants across the region.

""We're killing a lot of them, and we're going to keep killing more of them. ... But we cannot win this war by killing them,"" department spokeswoman Marie Harf said on MSNBC's ""Hardball."" ""We need ... to go after the root causes that leads people to join these groups, whether it's lack of opportunity for jobs, whether --""

At that point, Harf was interrupted by host Chris Matthews, who pointed out, ""There's always going to be poor people. There's always going to be poor Muslims.""

Harf continued to argue that the U.S. should work with other countries to ""help improve their governance"" and ""help them build their economies so they can have job opportunities for these people.""

She acknowledged there's ""no easy solution"" and said the U.S. would still take out ISIS leaders. But Harf said: ""If we can help countries work at the root causes of this -- what makes these 17-year-old kids pick up an AK-47 instead of trying to start a business?""

Asked about Harf's remarks on Tuesday, State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Harf was only making the point that fighting ISIS entails more than just a military solution.

The comments come as the Obama administration takes heat from lawmakers for its approach to the Islamic State, whose self-proclaimed fighters in Libya recently executed 21 Coptic Christians from Egypt.

The White House on Tuesday kicked off a three-day summit on ""countering violent extremism."" It began with Vice President Biden moderating a discussion on countering extremism with representatives from cities.

This, though, follows a pattern of conferences and summits called by the administration to address urgent challenges. The administration is facing criticism for this approach -- and for describing the summit in general terms -- at a time when Islamic State militants are spreading, recruiting and executing prisoners from multiple countries in increasingly brutal ways.

""The White House had to seem like it was doing something,"" said Jonah Goldberg, a National Review editor and conservative columnist, while claiming the summit won't achieve much.

Senior administration officials, though, defended the conference, and their description of it, on a call with reporters.

Asked whether Islamic extremists are in fact the focus of the summit, one official said extremism has spanned ""many decades"" and taken on ""many forms,"" but they recognize that those launching recent attacks ""are calling themselves Muslims.""

""You can call them what you want. We're calling them terrorists,"" the official said.

The New York Times reported Tuesday that as airstrikes continue in Iraq and Syria, the administration is boosting efforts to counter ISIS on social media. The plan centers around a small State Department agency that pushes against ISIS and other groups' online propaganda.

""We're getting beaten on volume, so the only way to compete is by aggregating, curating and amplifying existing content,"" Richard Stengel, under secretary of state for public diplomacy and public affairs, told the Times.

Officials reportedly plan to describe some of their social media strategy at the three-day counter-extremism summit.",1
3207,GOP's nightmare: An Independent Donald Trump,"(CNN) Republicans dreaming of shooing away Donald Trump may want to think twice.

By publicly rebuking the billionaire businessman for his inflammatory comments, the party may convince Trump to launch a third-party candidacy.

That's a potential nightmare scenario for the GOP establishment: a populist outsider with unlimited resources attacking their nominee from the right in the general election, raising hell -- and attracting votes -- with his rhetoric on issues like illegal immigration.

Ralph Nader, who has run for president multiple times as a third-party candidate and may have cost Democrat Al Gore the 2000 election by running to his left, said Republicans mishandle Trump at their own peril.

""The Republican Party establishment is playing with nitroglycerine when it goes after Donald Trump and tries to minimize him and exclude him,"" Nader said in an interview Thursday. ""Because a jilted Donald Trump as a third-party candidate can blow the presidential race wide open and turn it into a three way race.""

Launching a third-party candidacy is no small feat. It is a time-consuming and expensive process riddled with logistical hurdles, including massive signature-gathering requirements to gain ballot access in each of the 50 states.

But if it's tedious, it's hardly impossible — particularly for a candidate with money to throw around.

Republicans remember all too well businessman Ross Perot's independent candidacy for president in 1992. The Texan made an appeal to voters looking for an alternative to establishment candidates, and his campaign is widely considered to have complicated George H.W. Bush's effort to win reelection against Bill Clinton.

Clay Mulford, Perot's son-in-law and political adviser, said a third-party run from Trump has the potential to energize a part of the electorate that's itching for a fresh face.

""There is just a sense of ineffectiveness of the two-party system. So I think he would do better than expected if he were in the debates and if he were considered viable,"" Mulford said. ""And having money helps.""

Indeed, poll numbers suggest that a third-party candidacy from Trump would damage Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, a top-tier candidate in the current Republican field.

Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton leads Bush, 50% to 44%, in a head-to-head match-up, according to an ABC News/Washington Post poll out this week. But throw an independent Trump into that race, and Clinton's lead grows significantly to 46%, leaving Bush at 30%.

""He'd be the one person that would probably fit the bill. He's not really a Republican, he's not a Democrat,"" said former U.S. Sen. Dean Barkley of Minnesota, who was appointed and served briefly as an independent by Gov. Jesse Ventura.

Independents ""decide the election every four years and if all of them or most of them go to Trump, that leaves the Republicans too small of a base to have any chance of winning.""

At a campaign stop in New Hampshire Thursday, Bush made sure to emphasize that he isn't dismissive of Trump's candidacy.

""I think he's a serious candidate and he's going to have a lot of money. He's tapping into people's angst that are legitimate,"" Bush said.

Meanwhile, during a visit to the U.S.-Mexico border in Laredo, Texas, Thursday, Trump said his preference is to run as a Republican and he was confident that he could win the party's nomination.

But in many ways, a third-party run makes a lot of sense for Trump.

The former host of the reality TV show ""The Apprentice"" was once a registered a Democrat, donated money to members of both parties, and considered running for president in 2000 as an independent.

At the very core of his campaign is the idea that he is the anti-politician. Trump has never held public office and he loves to point out that thanks to his massive wealth — which he claims amounts to more than $10 billion — he is not beholden to anyone, including party leadership.

This last point has already created massive headaches for the GOP.

Trump sparked furious backlash by referring to some Mexican immigrants that enter the United States as ""criminals"" and ""rapists."" Republicans criticized Trump's choice of words as being hurtful and insensitive to the immigrant community, but many chose their words carefully — a sign of how delicate of an issue illegal immigration is.

For many Republicans, Trump seemed to cross the line last weekend with his critique of McCain.

""I like people that weren't captured, OK?"" Trump said of the Arizona Republican senator, who spent more than five years in as a prisoner of war during the Vietnam War.

The RNC, which remains neutral in the GOP nominating process, took the unusual move of speaking out.

""There is no place in our party or our country for comments that disparage those who have served honorably,"" said RNC spokesman Sean Spicer.

The RNC declined to comment for this story.

Bill Hillsman, a political consultant who has worked for a number of independent candidates including in gubernatorial races in Massachusetts and Texas, said the party's condemnation of Trump is likely to have helped fuel Trump's unorthodox campaign.

""I think the damage is already done to a large extent,"" Hillsman said. ""All the people who said well, his campaign is over now and blasted him for some of his previous comments, many of which he's walked back, they already have just pretty much dismissed this guy and the polls are saying otherwise.""",1
839,Ted Cruz: Protester would get spanking at my house,"Texas Sen. Ted Cruz has made no secret of the fact that he spanks his daughter when she misbehaves. He has also suggested the American people should deliver a “spanking” to Hillary Clinton.

Now, he is prescribing the same discipline for a protester who interrupted him during a rally in Indiana on Sunday.

“Apparently there’s a young man who’s having some problems,” Cruz said as the man yelled: “You suck!”

“Thank you, son,” Cruz replied, before adding that he believes “children should actually speak with respect.”

“Imagine what a different world it would be if someone had told Donald Trump that years ago,” he said. “You know, in my household, when a child behaves that way, they get a spanking.”

The exchange comes as Cruz and Trump are stumping for every last vote heading into to the Republican primary in Indiana on Tuesday. Trump leads Cruz by roughly 9 percentage points, 42%-32.7%, in the RealClearPolitics average of recent Hoosier polls. A win there could help solidify Trump’s claim to the nomination, while dealing Cruz a formidable blow.",1
2487,Boehner's preparing to sue Obama again — over immigration,"It's hard to argue that the existing Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, which has granted protection from deportation to about 600,000 unauthorized immigrants, is an acceptable use of presidential authority, but the new deferred-action program wouldn't be. After all, they both follow the same model: unauthorized immigrants who meet certain requirements will be able to apply for temporary protection, and have to renew that protection every few years. Any of the legal criticisms that apply to the new program apply to the existing one as well.

But the DACA program wasn't controversial when it was first announced — it's only become politically controversial in retrospect, as Obama started contemplating (and eventually took) executive action to give relief to a broader set of unauthorized immigrants. So the GOP didn't sue Obama in 2012, or even in 2014, over the existing program.

Suing him now over both programs would raise the question of why Congress is only now taking legal action over something that's been going on for years, if it really thinks it's such a dire threat to the Constitution. That's relevant to the GOP's legal case, and it's relevant to the politics of the issue as well — since the DACA program was pretty broadly popular when it was rolled out. (Polls are mixed on the new executive action. Depending on how the question is asked, Americans either favor letting Obama's actions stand — by amargin of 15 percentage points — or want it to be blocked, also by a margin of 15 percentage points.)",1
4135,The Democratic Party Got Crushed During The Obama Presidency. Here's Why,"The Democratic Party Got Crushed During The Obama Presidency. Here's Why

The GOP may be in the midst of an identity crisis, but the Democratic Party is also facing a political crisis that could be made a lot worse if it doesn't win the White House in November.

Part of President Obama's legacy is the health of his party. He's had many successes in office — health care reform, climate change regulations, Wall Street reform — but his legacy will also include one huge failure: a diminished Democratic Party.

Every president sees his party lose hundreds of positions — it's the price a party holding the White House pays — but no president has come close to Obama. During Obama's eight years in office, the Democrats have lost more House, Senate, state legislative and governors seats than under any other president.

When Obama took office, there were 60 Democratic senators; now there are 46. The number of House seats held by Democrats has shrunk from 257 to 188.

There are now nine fewer Democratic governors than in 2009. Democrats currently hold fewer elected offices nationwide than at any time since the 1920s.

1. There are two different electorates in America

There is Presidential Election America, where turnout is diverse. The electorate is younger, browner, more single, more secular — more Democratic. Then there's Midterm Election America, where the electorate is older, whiter, more rural, more church-going — in other words, more Republican. What's great for Republicans and bad for Democrats is that the vast majority of the governorships and state legislative seats are elected in the midterms.

And those positions are the seed corn for a party — they're the farm teams for higher-level offices. Right now the Democrats are at a very low ebb.

This is something President Obama lamented when he campaigned for Democrats in the midterm elections of 2010 and 2014. Republicans manage to turn out their voters every two years, but Democrats, for some reason, only turn their voters out every four. Maybe, Obama mused, because Democrats just don't think midterms are ""sexy enough.""

Democrats had one spectacularly bad piece of luck. The Republicans' Tea Party-fueled surge in 2010 was perfectly timed to coincide with the decennial census, after which new congressional and state legislative district boundaries are drawn by governors and state legislatures. Republicans' huge gains in the 2010 midterms put them in the driver's seat when it came time to draw new congressional districts in 2011. Former Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell remembers what happened when Republicans took over the governor's mansion and the Legislature in his state:

""When I left office in January of 2011,"" says Rendell, ""there were 13 Democratic congressman and six Republican congressman. As a result of redistricting in the 2010 election, that turned around and we now have 13 Republican congressmen and five Democratic congressman.""

It's not only bad timing and gerrymandering that have hollowed out the Democratic Party. Mo Elleithee, a former Democratic National Committee official, says Democrats have never put enough effort and resources into state legislative races. Republicans, on the other hand, make those races a top priority.

4. Too many Democrats live in cities

This is another problem that makes it easier for Republicans to draw congressional and state legislative districts that disadvantage Democrats. Democratic voters are clumped together in urban areas. You could say that for the purposes of winning elections, Democratic voters are just not efficiently distributed.

Its why even in red states like Texas and Utah there are cities that are solidly Democratic — and why lesbian mayors were elected in Houston and Salt Lake City. When Democrats cluster in and around cities, they win local elections, but that doesn't help them win suburban or rural congressional seats.

This November, the stakes for Democrats couldn't be higher. Without the White House, assuming party control elsewhere remains the same, Democrats would be truly out in the cold.",1
1209,1 in 5 Americans say Hillary Clinton is “dishonest” or a “liar.” Here’s why that’s a big problem.,"On  Tuesday, a federal judge ruled that several top aides to Hillary Clinton during her time at the State Department were required to testify under oath about whether exclusively using a private email server while serving as secretary of state amounted to a deliberate attempt to shield information from the public.

This is the latest in a series of developments regarding Clinton’s email server — and her decision to exclusively use it during her time as the nation’s top diplomat. (Clinton is the first and only secretary of state to only use a private server for her correspondence.) Almost weekly now, there is some news in one of the three ongoing investigations — two at State, one by the FBI — into Clinton. And the drip, drip, drip effect of these now-regular revelations continues to have a major impact on how Clinton is viewed by the voting public.

Gallup released a fascinating bit of data Tuesday that speaks to Clinton’s trust problem. They asked people to offer up the first word or phrase that came to mind when the name “Hillary Clinton” was mentioned. Here’s what the results of that open-ended question looked like:

One in five people — unprompted by the poll taker — offered up some version of Clinton as “dishonest” or a “liar.” That's somewhat remarkable given that these open-ended questions typically produce a gigantic muddle of something like 25 words or phrases — all of which garner somewhere between 5 and 8 percent support.

That 21 percent of people unaided said something about the “trust thing” in regards to Clinton tells you how deeply the impression that she is not fundamentally honest has sunk into the electorate. Now, some of this can be directly attributed to the fact that Republicans do not like and do not trust the Clintons. Never have, never will. “Overall, 77 percent of Republicans’ top-of-mind impressions of Clinton are negative, with their most frequent responses focusing on views of her as dishonest and crooked,” write Gallup’s Frank Newport and Lydia Saad.

But, that’s not it.  Sure, Republicans view Clinton negatively. But, as I’ve noted time and again, Clinton’s seeming belief that this whole trust issue surrounding her is simply the result of a right-wing smear job is inaccurate. Again, the Gallup data: A bare majority — 52 percent — of Democrats have some sort of positive first impression of Clinton; one in four (27 percent) have a negative one.

The Gallup duo are right that impressions about Clinton are deeply held — particularly among partisans. But that doesn’t make the email story immaterial. Rather it reminds many people — Republicans, yes, but also independents and some Democrats — of what they don’t like or trust about the Clintons. The longer the email story stays in the news, the more chances to affirm peoples’ fundamentally negative perception of Clinton that she is just not great at telling the whole truth and nothing but the truth.

For Clinton to escape that negative spiral, she needs some form of complete exoneration in the matter. (Worth noting: Clinton herself has not been named as a target in any of the trio of investigations.) Short of that — and if this pattern of drips and drabs of the story coming out continues — the trust problem is going to continue to dog Clinton all the way through the November general election.",1
575,"In Common Core, a larger battle over the size of government","Jindal said Monday that Common Core should ""absolutely"" be a starting point for a larger debate over the role of the federal government, a move that sets him up to go head-to-head with presumed Republican frontrunner former Gov. Jeb Bush, should both decide to run for the GOP's presidential nomination. Bush supports the increasingly controversial educational standards while Jindal, who once supported the program, is now one of the anti-Common Core movement's most prominent and vocal activists.

While he rolled out more specific education reform proposals Monday, Jindal framed the debate over Common Core in broader terms in a conversation with reporters Monday hosted by the Christian Science Monitor.

""I think we'll have a bigger conversation first within the Republican Party, then with the American people about what's the proper role of the federal government,"" Jindal said, pivoting off of Common Core. ""I do hope that Common Core will be one more, one more reason for us to have this bigger debate, this bigger conversation about the proper role of the federal government in local education.""

It's not just Common Core that would help Jindal get toe-to-toe with Bush, whose governorship was marked by a strong emphasis on education. Bush has also been a strong proponent of his brother's No Child Left Behind Act, which Jindal is at odds with.

Jindal's visit Monday was his second trip to Washington in the last week, both times railing against Common Core and raising the profile of the issue as the presidential field takes shape and prospective candidates look to identify the top conservative issues. The Common Core issue already has its roots in the conservative movement and Jindal's juxtaposition of the issue with the role of the federal government could boost his appeal with the party base -- one that is skeptical about Bush's conservative credentials. ""When it comes to moving power away federal government, that's obviously the debate today about Common Core,"" Jindal said. ""I think this is a good debate and a good discussion within the Republican primary and the general election -- what is the proper role of the federal government."" But Jindal insisted that neither Common Core nor any other issue should be a disqualifier for a Republican politician considering entering the fray, insisting the process must play out and voters should get a chance to hear out both sides of the debate. He also wouldn't paint the issue as a litmus test for conservative credentials, sticking to calling it ""an important issue"" and calling it ""an example"" of where candidates stand ""not only on Common Core, but the role of the federal government in education."" Jindal published a series of education reform proposals Monday through his non-profit policy group America Next, outlining alternatives to Common Core which focus on school choice and local control over curricula. The Louisiana governor is also setting himself up for support from a core constituency: moms. In remarks Monday and last week at an American Principles Project event, Jindal honed in on the need for moms to have control over their children's education, a constituency that has been at the heart of the grassroots effort to repeal Common Core. ""I wouldn't bet against a mom when it comes to this Common Core debate,"" Jindal said.",1
4232,Here comes the opposition book: Clinton and her allies prepare for Trump,"Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton and her allies have begun preparing a playbook to defeat Donald Trump in a general-election matchup that will attempt to do what his Republican opponents couldn’t: show that his business dealings and impolitic statements make him unfit to be commander in chief.

Both the Clinton campaign and outside supporters are confident that she and Trump will almost certainly face each other in the general election and that the focus is shifting past her hard-fought primary campaign against Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont.

They are now focused intently on researching the billionaire real estate mogul’s business record, dissecting his economic policies and compiling a long history of controversial pronouncements that have captivated and repelled the nation in this tumultuous election season.

Neither the Clinton campaign nor several independent super PACs working on her behalf plan to respond with the same brass-knuckles style that Trump has taken with his Republican opponents, aides and outside supporters said. But in their view, Trump isn’t Teflon: Republicans waited too long to go after him, and they went about it the wrong way.

“What the Republicans did was too little, too late,” said David Brock, who runs two pro-Clinton super PACs now engaged in researching and responding to Trump. “It was petty insults. It was not strategic.”

Justin Barasky, spokesman for the large pro-Clinton super PAC Priorities USA, said Republican candidates committed “malpractice” by failing to raise liabilities from Trump’s past or aggressively challenge him on offensive or incorrect statements.

Implicit in the effort is real worry about Trump’s outsider appeal in a year dominated by ­working-class anger and economic anxiety. The prospect that Trump could compete for some of the blue-collar voters who have flocked to Sanders, for instance — or to reorder the map of competitive states to include trade-affected Michigan or Pennsylvania — has prompted Clinton’s allies to leave nothing to chance.

[How Trump vs. Clinton could reshape the electoral map]

Yet, they also believe that, although Trump has motivated a loyal plurality of supporters in primary contests, he has limited ability to expand that support once the Republican field clears. Because of the litany of controversial pronouncements he has made, they expect a Trump nomination to make it easier to rally women, Latino and African American voters to turn out for Clinton. In fact, her aides are planning for a historic gender gap between Clinton and Trump.

Given Trump’s willingness to attack his opponents — and his pivot to going after Clinton in recent days — one clear presumption has emerged about the fall contest: It will be ugly.

That’s one reason the former secretary of state plans to counter Trump with high-road substance, policy and issues, according to one senior campaign aide. The idea is to showcase what Clinton’s backers see as her readiness for the job without lowering her to what they describe as Trump’s gutter.

The aide said the campaign’s day-to-day decision-making remains focused on Sanders. But Clinton swept all five states that voted Tuesday, and Trump did well, meaning both are far closer than any competitor to securing their respective party’s nomination. Clinton is also far ahead in polling in Arizona, a large contest this week, while Sanders is expected to pick up victories in other Western states that the Clinton campaign maintains will have little effect on her lead.

A central lesson of Trump’s primary battle, the campaign aide said, is that he cannot be ignored — but also that he cannot be beaten at his own game. The key will be to maintain stature by focusing on her message of political unity and economic growth and by showing knowledge and strength on foreign issues. The aide spoke on the condition of anonymity to speak candidly about internal strategy.

[Trump praises campaign manager after incident with protester]

“It’s kind of mutually assured destruction: Both sides line up their nukes. It’s going to be just ugly and nasty and icky,” said another Democrat with longtime ties to the Clinton family. “The winner will not be the least bad of the two. The winner will be the one in the contest of that mutually assured destruction who also has a vision and a message about the future that is both inspiring and credible for the rest of the country.”

At the same time, her infrastructure of outside supporters will be poised to respond to what they expect will be Trump’s all-out war against Clinton on everything, both personal and political. Clinton’s backers acknowledged that she is also a divisive figure and that controversies such as her use of a private email server while secretary of state will not evaporate during the general election.

“We will not make the same mistake the Republicans made” by letting attacks go unchallenged, Brock said.

Trump has repeatedly brushed off polling indicating that he would lose in a head-to-head contest with Clinton. But after his victories in Florida and elsewhere last week, he sounded like a ­general-election candidate who recognizes the challenge ahead.

“We have to bring our party together,” he said. “We have something that actually makes the Republican Party probably the biggest political story in the world.”

Trump has benefited in the primary season from the failure of Republicans to unite behind a single foil to his candidacy — and from his own strategy of picking off successive targets whom he viewed as weak. Former Florida governor Jeb Bush and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson both made the mistake, Clinton supporters said, of trying to ignore Trump’s insults or wait out a Trump decline that never came. Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) made the other mistake of trying to use Trump’s own tactics.

“You can’t beat him by being him,” Barasky said.

In a one-on-one race against Clinton, Trump would have less room to parry or pivot the same way, the senior Clinton campaign aide said, because Trump would have one target and one target only.

Barasky and others also predicted that Trump will emerge more damaged by his primary fight than Clinton, because of the deep divisions he has caused and exploited. Sanders supporters may not like Clinton, but their distaste for her doesn’t approach the antipathy or angst that many Republican voters harbor about Trump, they said.

Trump satisfied his loyal supporters by playing a character — the bully, the iconoclast — but he turned off many in his own party in the process, said several Clinton supporters who are studying the Republican race.

In fact, they believe Trump’s own words will make one of their central objectives easy: tearing him down in the eyes of women, notably Republicans and independents.

Several outside groups — including Emily’s List, which supports Democratic women who favor abortion rights — are compiling dossiers of statements denigrating women that were taken from the candidate’s own mouth, not just in this campaign but far into his past.

“You’re a mom and you’ve got your kids sitting on the couch and you watch the nightly news and you’ve got this guy saying things as a presidential candidate that you tell your kids not to say,” said Stephanie Schriock, president of Emily’s List. “You don’t call women bimbos; you don’t say that they’re fat.”

Women, including independents who sometimes vote Republican, are going to be repulsed, Schriock said.

Trump will also be a rallying point for Clinton’s message to black voters, particularly older ones, who view Trump’s rhetoric and his raucous rallies as reminiscent of the worst of America’s past.

At an MSNBC forum Monday, Clinton said that Trump’s rallies and his exhortations to violence resemble the “lynch mobs” of the South during the Jim Crow era. The remark came after videos from a Trump rally in Fayetteville, N.C., were widely disseminated and showed a white Trump supporter punching a black protester in the face.

“The secretary has hit on a really important chord that is running through the African American community: This community is 50 years or less from the civil rights images of dogs and hoses and frightening images,” said Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee (D-Tex.), who has endorsed Clinton. “That visual of the sucker punch is going to be ingrained in us forever. You can’t take it back.”

Several pro-Clinton super PACs are compiling research on Trump from his long career in business and much shorter career in politics. The strategy is still a work in progress, and ongoing research through polling, focus groups and forensic accounting, among other tools, will continue through the spring.

Much of the work is to search for vulnerabilities that in other years, with other candidates, would have already been exploited by other Republican candidates during the primary.

Plans are well underway to present Trump’s bankruptcies and management history to voters — particularly to women and the working class.

In addition, Trump opposes an increase in the minimum wage and has proposed tax breaks for the wealthy, positions that his Republican opponents could not go after but which Clinton supporters believe will play poorly in the general election.

People who suffered from Trump’s business decisions will be featured in testimonial advertisements and media campaigns, Brock said. The media strategy is not unlike several successful efforts in 2012 to tie Republican Mitt Romney to the layoffs and business closures that his company, Bain Capital, was responsible for.

“You’re definitely going to hear from a number of people who are former customers, clients, employees, who got the short end of the stick in various ways dealing with Trump,” Brock said. “That’s fertile ground.”

Schriock also noted: “It’s about character. It all ties to what kind of character does this man have.”

And it is about money. As the general election approaches, Clinton’s allies are preparing to draw from the discontent in Republican ranks to fill her campaign coffers.

“I’ve gotten phone calls and emails from a few major Republican donors who have said, in effect, ‘I will let you know when I’m ready to have you make an introduction for me,’ ” said Andy Spahn, president of a Los Angeles consulting firm and a longtime Clinton adviser and top Democratic fundraiser. “There is certainly an element of the Republican Party, be it voters or high-net-worth donors, who are uncomfortable with what is happening.”

Other Democrats also assessed that, in addition to GOP donors, Republican congressional candidates will run away from Trump in the general election, underscoring what they see as his thin qualifications — and the danger he poses to their own political fortunes.",1
1040,Clinton allies urge campaign to torch Trump,"The election in 232 photos, 43 numbers and 131 quotes, from the two candidates at the center of it all.",1
1191,"Sanders, Republican governors eye comeback in New Hampshire primary","Residents of three small New Hampshire towns cast their ballots in the Granite State's first-in-the-nation presidential primary just after midnight Tuesday, kicking off a contest‎ where several candidates are eyeing a comeback.

On the Democratic side, Sen. Bernie Sanders of next-door Vermont is looking to rebound from his narrow Iowa loss with a big victory over Hillary Clinton. And on the Republican side, nearly a half-dozen candidates are battling for position behind Donald Trump, with the race's governors – Chris Christie, Jeb Bush and John Kasich -- looking for redemption after missing the leaderboard entirely last week.

With votes in from residents of Dixville Notch, Millsfield and Hart's Landing, Trump, Ohio Gov. Kasich and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz shared the Republican lead with nine votes each. New Jersey Gov. Christie followed with three votes, while Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and former Florida governor Bush each had two. Retired neurosurgeon Dr. Ben Carson and former HP CEO Carly Fiorina each garnered one vote.

On the Democratic side, Sanders led Clinton by 17 votes to 9.

In a statistical oddity, the candidate who receives a plurality of the Republican vote in Dixville Notch (population: 12) has been the GOP nominee in every election cycle since 1968. This year, Kasich won the town's vote, 3-2, over Trump.

With Trump leading the Republican race by double digits in most polls, the big question entering Tuesday's primary was whether the relentless attacks against Rubio during and after Saturday night’s Republican debate would be enough to bring the surging freshman Florida senator back to the pack in the race for second place.

In the two-person Democratic race, Sanders has held an advantage over Clinton in New Hampshire for weeks. The state is friendly territory for the Vermont senator and a must-win if he's to have a chance of staying competitive with Clinton as the race moves to more diverse states that are seen as more hospitable to the former secretary of state.

Christie has been unrelenting in questioning Rubio’s readiness and authenticity. At Saturday’s debate, he slammed the senator for repeatedly reciting anti-Obama “talking points.” He repeated the criticism Monday night in an appearance on Fox News' ""The Kelly File.""

""You can't repeat the same thing over and over again,"" Christie said. ""[Is Rubio] going to do that sitting across from [Russian President] Vladimir Putin? There's no substance there.""

""He's a nice guy, he has talent,"" Christie continued,"" [But] he's too young, too inexperienced and he has served not one day in a position of management in his entire life.""

Rubio, though, has dug in and continued to repeat his criticism of President Obama that drew Christie’s scorn.

""People said, 'Oh, you said the same thing three or four times.' I'm going to say it again,"" Rubio said Monday in Londonderry.

“As far as that message, I hope they keep running it. And I'm going to keep saying it because it's true,"" Rubio said Sunday on ABC’s “This Week.” ""Barack Obama … said he wanted to change the country. He's doing it in a way that is robbing us of everything that is special.”

Speaking on Fox News, Bush said he’s also going to continue taking on front-runner Trump, as he did during Saturday’s debate.

“He’s not a conservative; he doesn’t have the temperament to be president and whenever I have the chance to describe what I think about him, I’m gonna do it,” Bush said Monday.

Bush hammered Trump on Saturday for his broad support of eminent domain – and Trump's past attempt to use it to take a woman’s property for a project in Atlantic City. During that dispute, Trump tried to “shush” Bush, but was booed by the audience.

Bush pointed to that exchange in questioning how Trump would do in a general election race.

“You think he’s gonna shush Hillary Clinton?” Bush said. “He would lose.”

Trump saved his harshest attacks Monday for Bush as well as Cruz, who bested him in Iowa. When an audience member at a rally in Manchester shouted out an insult directed at Cruz — a vulgar term for ""coward"" — Trump repeated the term and jokingly reprimanded the woman.

Cruz spokesman Rick Tyler responded to the Associated Press via email, saying, ""Let's not forget who whipped who in Iowa.""

""Jeb is having some kind of a breakdown, I think,"" Trump told CNN Monday, calling Bush, the son and brother of presidents, a spoiled child and an embarrassment to his family. ""I think it's a very sad situation that's taking place.""

Kasich, meanwhile, has taken a less confrontational approach in the race, casting himself as a uniting force and touting his economic record as governor. The Ohio governor has seemingly pinned his hopes on New Hampshire and said Sunday he’s going in strong – while stressing he also has substantial resources on the ground in states like South Carolina and Nevada.

Kasich also criticized Bush over an online video that hit Kasich for expanding Medicaid and what the Bush campaign called his ""liberal record"" in Ohio compared to Bush's two terms as Florida governor.

""I'm really disappointed in Jeb,"" Kasich told ""The Kelly File."" ""Look, I mean, he's taken the very low road to the highest office in the land, and he's been negative all along, but that's okay.""

Carson and Fiorina also are looking to do better than they did in Iowa, but have struggled to even break into the middle tier in Granite State polling.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

",1
3446,"Justices agree to hear dispute over union fees, reapportionment","The Supreme Court said Tuesday that it will consider next term whether public employees can be compelled to pay fees to unions they do not want to join, a provision that union leaders say is vital to their continued success.

The justices will consider a case from a group of California teachers who say paying fees violates their free speech rights when they disagree with the positions the unions take.

The Supreme Court nearly 40 years ago said states may allow unions to collect fees from non-members to pay for collective-bargaining costs, but not for the unions’ political spending. About half the states authorize unions to collect the fees, but federal workers are not affected.

Some conservatives on the court have sharply criticized the 1977 ruling in Abood v. Detroit Board of Education, but last year they came up a vote short of overturning it. Instead, the court decided a case from Illinois on narrower grounds.

[Supreme Court says home health-care workers can’t be required to pay union fees]

“This case is about the right of individuals to decide for themselves whether to join and pay dues to an organization that purports to speak on their behalf,” said Terry Pell, president of the Center for Individual Rights, which is representing Rebecca Friedrichs and other teachers.

“We are seeking the end of compulsory union dues across the nation on the basis of the free-speech rights guaranteed by the First Amendment,” he said.

The teachers say that even if the fees are not used for political activities, they should not be compelled to fund even collective-bargaining techniques and positions with which they disagree.

Union officials say that would not be fair. Because they are obligated to represent all employees in collective bargaining, the law should not allow “free riders” who benefit from union representation but do not pay for it.

“The Supreme Court is revisiting decisions that have made it possible for people to stick together for a voice at work and in their communities — decisions that have stood for more than 35 years,” said a joint statement from the National Education Association, the American Federation of Teachers, the California Teachers Association, the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, and the Service Employees International Union.

The issue was debated at the court in 2014, and justices ruled 5 to 4 that Illinois health-care workers could not be forced to pay the fees, because of the unique circumstances of their hiring.

But Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. made clear that the court would look for a case offering a broader opportunity.

He wrote at the time that the fees could be considered “an unprecedented violation of the bedrock principle that, except perhaps in the rarest of circumstances, no person in this country may be compelled to subsidize speech by a third party that he or she does not wish to support.”

Justice Elena Kagan replied that the practice of allowing states to require the fees is “deeply entrenched” and is “the foundation for not tens or hundreds, but thousands of contracts between unions and governments across the Nation.”

Kagan wrote that “the majority could not restrain itself from saying (and saying and saying)” that it dislikes Abood. Still “the majority could not, even after receiving full-dress briefing and argument, come up with reasons anywhere near sufficient to reverse the decision.”

The court also will return to the issue of reapportionment in Arizona, just a day after validating an independent commission to which the state’s voters delegated redistricting powers.

The case says that board, the Arizona Independent Redistricting Commission, did not properly reapportion the state legislative districts after the last census.

On Monday, the Supreme Court upheld the decision of Arizona voters to create the commission to draw election districts in an attempt to reduce partisan gerrymandering. The court ruled 5 to 4 that cutting the legislature out of the redistricting process did not violate the Constitution’s Election Clause, which says that the times, places and manner of holding elections “shall be prescribed in each state by the Legislature thereof.”

On Tuesday, the court accepted a challenge brought by a group of Republican voters who said the commission’s 2012 state legislative maps violated the “one person, one vote” requirement of population equality among districts because GOP voters were shifted to increase minority voters in others.

The use of race and partisanship were attempts to persuade the Justice Department to approve the plans under the Voting Rights Act. But since then, the Supreme Court has done away with the pre-clearance requirement.

Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. wrote extensively about the new case in his dissent to the court’s ruling Monday.

A district court panel ruled that partisanship played some role in the development of the legislative district plan but did not rise to the level of a constitutional violation.

“A finding that the partisanship in the redistricting plan did not violate the Constitution hardly proves that the commission is operating free of partisan influence — and certainly not that it complies with the Elections Clause,” Roberts wrote.",1
1639,"Trump in Vegas, Phoenix: Illegals 'Wreaking Havoc on Our Population'","Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump criticized U.S. immigration and trade policies on Saturday in speeches that veered from accusing Mexico of deliberately sending criminals across the border to professing respect for the Mexican government and love for its people.

Speaking to a gathering of Libertarians in Las Vegas before headlining an event in Phoenix, Trump repeated his charge that Mexico was sending violent offenders to the U.S. to harm Americans and that U.S. officials were being ""dumb"" in dealing with immigrants in the country illegally.

""These people wreak havoc on our population,"" he told a few thousand people attending the Libertarian gathering FreedomFest inside a Planet Hollywood ballroom on the Las Vegas Strip.

 

 Saturday's two appearances seemed to leave many of his Republican rivals and critics scattered in disarray. On Sunday's morning talk shows, the reaction ranged from criticism to applause.

 

 ""At the end of the day, for us to win a national election, we have to do better with Hispanics,"" presidential candidate and South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham told CNN's ""State of the Union"" program.

""And for us to have the moral authority as a party to govern a great nation, we have to reject this demagoguery. If we don't, we will lose, and we will deserve to lose.""

With the Hispanic population rising, Hispanic voters are becoming increasingly important in U.S. politics. Their support helped Democratic President Barack Obama win re-election in 2012. Most illegal immigrants in the United States are Hispanic.

Graham said Trump had ""hijacked the debate"" over immigration policy, adding: ""I think he's a wrecking ball for the future of the Republican Party with the Hispanic community.""

Graham has long advocated a comprehensive change in U.S. immigration laws, including providing a pathway to citizenship for some of the more than 11 million illegal immigrants.

 

 South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley, a daughter of two immigrants and considered a potential 2016 Republican vice presidential candidate, said on NBC's ""Meet the Press"" she understands Trump's frustration on immigration but called for communicating with ""respect and dignity.""

""We want someone that brings people together,"" Haley added. ""We want someone that understands that what unites us is a lot more than what divides us.""

House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner said on CBS's ""Face the Nation,"" other Republican presidential candidates ""have much more responsible positions"" than Trump's.

""Most of the candidates have disagreed with his assertions with regard to our border. And, certainly, I disagree,"" he said.

Former Hewlett-Packard CEO and presidential candidate Carly Fiorina seemed to embrace Trump's views.

""Donald Trump taps into an anger that I hear every day,"" she told ABC's ""This Week"", adding that wanting to secure the nation's borders was ""not extreme, it's commonsense"". 

 

 That anger was apparent on Saturday. 

 

 Appearing in the 4,200-capacity Phoenix convention center packed with flag-waving supporters, Trump varied from hard-hitting attacks on Mexico to praise for the country's seemingly clever tactics. 

 

 ""I love the Mexican people. I love 'em. Many, many people from Mexico are legal. They came in the old-fashioned way. Legally."" An estimated 15,000 people tried to get into the event, according to a Trump spokesman.

He quickly returned to the sharp tone that has brought him scorn as well as praise. ""I respect Mexico greatly as a country. But the problem we have is their leaders are much sharper than ours, and they're killing us at the border and they're killing us on trade.""

His speeches in both venues were long on insults aimed at critics and short on solutions to the problems he cited. When he called for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, the audience in Las Vegas groaned.

In a break from the immigration rhetoric that has garnered him condemnation and praise, Trump asserted that he would have more positive results in dealing with China and Russia if he were president and said he could be pals with Russian President Vladimir Putin.

Asked by an audience member in Las Vegas about U.S.-Russia relations, Trump said the problem is that Putin doesn't respect Obama.

""I think we would get along very, very well,"" he said.

Trump has turned to victims of crime to bolster his argument that immigrants in the U.S. illegally have killed and raped. In Las Vegas and Phoenix, he brought on stage Jamiel Shaw Sr., a Southern California man whose 17-year-old son was shot and killed in 2008 by a man in the country illegally. Shaw vividly described how his son was shot — in the head, stomach and hands while trying to block his face — and how he heard the gunshots as he talked to his son on the phone.

Shaw said he trusted Trump, and encouraged the crowds in both cities to do the same.

Trump's speeches were filled with tangents and insults leveled at business partners such as Univision and NBC that have dropped him in the wake of his comments that Mexican immigrants bring drugs and crime to the U.S. and are rapists. He also directed familiar barbs at other presidential contenders, including Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton (""the worst secretary of state in the history of the country""), news media figures (""lyin' Brian Williams"") and President Barack Obama (""such a divisive person""). He called journalists ""terrible people.""

As Trump lambasted Univision for cancelling its broadcast of the Miss USA pageant, one of his many business enterprises, a group of young Latinos unfurled a banner pointed toward the stage and began chanting insults. They were quickly drowned out by the crowd, and nearby Trump supporters began to grab at them, tearing at the banner and pulling and pushing at the protesters. Security staff managed to get to the group and escorted them out as Trump resumed speaking.

""I wonder if the Mexican government sent them over here,"" he said. ""I think so.""

Arizona's tough-on-immigration Sheriff Joe Arpaio introduced Trump in Phoenix after outlining the things he and the candidate have in common, including skepticism that Obama was born in the United States. He went on to criticize the federal government for what he called a revolving door for immigrants, saying many of them end up in his jails.

""He's been getting a lot of heat, but you know, there's a silent majority out here,"" Arpaio said, borrowing from a phrase Richard Nixon popularized during his presidency in a speech about the Vietnam War.

A single protester standing outside the room where Trump spoke in Las Vegas was more concerned about the businessman being tied to the Libertarian Party.

""I've been a Libertarian for 43 years and Trump ain't no Libertarian,"" said Linda Rawles, who asserted that including Trump in FreedomFest set back the party's movement.

 

 Trump picked up on Arpaio's ""silent majority"" line.

 

 “The silent majority is back, and we’re going to take the majority back, and we are going to make America great again.”

 

 A Reuters-Ipsos poll released on Saturday showed Trump neck-and-neck with former Florida Governor Jeb Bush atop the large field of contenders for the Republican nomination.

""How could I be tied with this guy? He's terrible!"" Trump said in his speech.

""If you people go with Bush, you're going to lose,"" he said.

Ahead of the rally, Senator John McCain of Arizona, the Republican presidential candidate in 2008, said Trump was creating a ""circus"" that risked damaging the party.

Outside the rally, Democrats from Tucson shared water bottles with about 100 protesters, who chanted ""No more hate! No more hate!"" to the beat of a drum.

""The only thing I can tell you is that it is awakening the Hispanic community,"" said Eduardo Sainz, 22. ""We're keeping a tally of who is on our side and who isn't. The Hispanic community won't forget in 2016.""

Protesters briefly raised a banner inside the speech reading ""Stop the hate"" but it was quickly pulled down amid pushing and shoving, and they were escorted out.

""I wonder if the Mexican government sent them over here. I think so,"" Trump said.

After the speech, Scottsdale, Arizona Republican Joan Ewart, 81, said she liked how Trump is not financially beholden to anyone.

""That's the beauty of Donald Trump. He can say anything,"" she said. 

 

",1
556,"Behind The Shortage Of Special Ed Teachers: Long Hours, Crushing Paperwork","Behind The Shortage Of Special Ed Teachers: Long Hours, Crushing Paperwork

There is a letter that school districts really don't like sending home to parents of special education students. Each state has a different version, but they all begin with something like this:

""Dear Parent, as of the date of this letter your child's teacher is not considered 'highly qualified.' "" And then: ""This doesn't mean your child's teacher is not capable or effective. It means they haven't met the state standards for teaching in their subject.""

In any other subject, that's an annoying problem that suggests students may not be well-served. In special education, it means the school district is breaking the law.

The federal Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, or IDEA, requires that every student have what's known as an IEP — Individualized Education Program. And almost always, those IEPs spell out that students — either some of the time or all of the time — must be taught by a teacher fully certified in special education.

Yet around the country, that's exactly the category of teacher that's most in demand, as many states and districts are reporting severe shortages.

""This crisis has been coming for a long time,"" says David Pennington, superintendent of Ponca City public schools in Oklahoma. Many teachers there are nearing retirement and he's not sure he can replace them.

""Forget about replacing them with someone of the same quality,"" he says. ""I'm just worried about replacing them. Period.""

Pennington's rural district of 5,300 students northwest of Tulsa has been hit hard by the shortage. He says it's extremely difficult to persuade newer special education teachers to stay beyond two or three years.

""The job is not what they thought it was going to be,"" Pennington explains. ""They feel like they're under a microscope all the time.""

On top of the normal demands of teaching, special education teachers face additional pressures: feelings of isolation, fear of lawsuits, and students who demand extra attention. Many are the only special-needs teacher in their grade or their school, or sometimes in the entire district.

And then, there's the seemingly endless paperwork.

""It is not uncommon,"" Pennington says, ""for a special ed teacher to tell me, 'I did not get a degree in special ed to do paperwork. I got a degree to help kids.' ""

The IDEA and the IEP require hours and hours of filling out forms and writing reports documenting each student's progress.

""And when do teachers do that paperwork? Sometime during the hours of 3 p.m. to 10 p.m.,"" says Deborah Ziegler of the Council for Exceptional Children, a special education research and advocacy group. ""It's like having two full-time jobs.""

So what's the answer? Aggressive recruitment, says Trevor Greene. He's the human resources director of Highline Public Schools, a 19,000-student district south of Seattle.

""Right now it's a buyers' market,"" he says. ""Districts can't afford to wait around for the right candidate."" And he's speaking from experience. When Greene started as HR director last July, he had 30 vacancies in special education to fill before school began in September.

""It was pretty ominous at the beginning,"" he recalls.

Greene reached out on every teacher-recruitment platform he could find. He even tracked applicants down on LinkedIn.

Greene was even able to find certified special education teachers for all of the positions, which has become a rare occurrence. Many districts are able to fill vacancies only by hiring teachers trained in general education who are willing to make the switch to a special education setting.

Betty Olson, the special education administrator for the Boise public schools in Idaho, says she was forced to hire a few general education teachers this year.

As the school year approached she was prepared to send some of her district specialists, former teachers who now train new teachers, back into the classroom to fill vacancies.

It didn't come to that. But she now has the challenge of helping a slew of new teachers adjust to the world of special education.

Olson is getting some help from Boise State University, which has created a new program designed to prepare teachers with little or no experience in special education. Candidates are put on a fast track to complete a master's degree, and they receive one-on-one support as they begin their new career.

Similar programs have popped up around the country. ""I'm hopeful things will get better,"" Olson says.

Other administrators, like Pennington from Oklahoma, are less optimistic.

He believes we're in for a rude awakening. He expects more and more teachers to look at all that responsibility, all that pressure, and conclude that it's not worth it.

And so, he wonders, ""What happens when it gets so bad that you literally cannot find anyone to be in charge of a classroom?""",1
2670,"Our meeting with Mark Zuckerberg: Conservatives need Facebook, and it needs us","S.E. Cupp is the author of ""Losing Our Religion: The Liberal Media's Attack on Christianity,"" co-author of ""Why You're Wrong About the Right"" and a columnist at the New York Daily News. The opinions expressed in this commentary are hers.

(CNN) This week I went to a meeting at Facebook's headquarters in Menlo Park, California. And then I became a bimbo, a cancer, and a scumbag. Behold Twitter:

@Animal1984Farm: @secupp @CNN @facebook #NeverTrump cucks are a cancer. Some people love to be used and abused!

@I_the_Prattler: @secupp <she is the EPITOME of everything that's wrong with the CORRUPT @GOP edifice These #scumbags help to keep in power the corrupt! @CNN

To be clear, I am a conservative, and these tweets are from other self-described conservatives (or, at the very least, Donald Trump supporters).

As has become boringly predictable these days, conservatives are mad at other conservatives for being fake conservatives.

In case you have a life, and haven't cared to invest in the soap-operatic, teenage dramas between certain factions of the conservative movement (in which case, I'm envious), let me give you the basic synopsis:

Trump is the only true conservative, and everyone who opposes him is the ""establishment.""

Questioning the Trump orthodoxy (which, incidentally, is rarely intelligible if ever at all conservative) is the thing that now makes a conservative a ""cuckservative,"" a pejorative term to describe a weak, emasculated ""sell out"" to the establishment wing of the party. This now includes conservatives like me, with previously pristine records of right-wing fanaticism, at least as classified by the mainstream press, and ranging from Glenn Beck to the National Review, Ted Cruz to Paul Ryan.

What's this got to do with Facebook? A lot, it would seem.

In this kind of climate, where a lifelong Democrat and former Hillary Clinton donor is now the standard-bearer of authentic conservatism and everyone else a loser and a traitor, creating tribal lines of division is nothing short of a fetish, and one that has spilled over into the Facebook debate.

After allegations surfaced that former Facebook contractors suppressed conservative trending topics, the company launched an investigation, promised transparency, and then reached out to several conservative thought leaders and personalities, including myself, to sit down and address these and other concerns with founder Mark Zuckerberg and top members of his executive team.

Presumably, there would be two kinds of responses to this invitation:

""I accept. This is a disturbing issue and I want to be part of solving the problem.""

Or, ""I regretfully decline. That's the day of my grandmother's funeral.""

I'll get back to the importance of attending this meeting in a minute. But first...

I was surprised to learn there is apparently another option, which was to refuse to go, complain that no Trump representatives were invited (they were, one attended), slam Facebook's overture as a ""pat conservatives on the head"" session, blast the people who do attend as ""cucks"" and sit in the corner and sulk.

Which is what a number of invitees decided, disappointingly.

Breitbart, long in the tank for Trump, said it had no interest in participating in a ""Facebook photo op."" One headline blared: ""Cucked by Zuck: Establishment Conservatives Rock Up for Pointless Meeting with Facebook,"" already deciding the outcome.

The American Conservative Union, which oversees the popular CPAC convention every year, issued a statement saying it would not attend, and then listed all of its grievances with Facebook's alleged anti-conservative bias, which included rejecting ""ACU's overtures for Facebook to play a meaningful role at CPAC.""

Other outlets jumped on the people who did decide to attend, calling them ""conservatives"" in quotes.

Is the important story that Facebook is meeting with conservatives? Or that it's meeting with ""conservatives""?

This is not to suggest all of this is just about Trump. The distrust of Facebook and Silicon Valley among conservatives is real and hardly new. Most of the faces of the tech companies are outspoken liberals. Facebook has in the past had to defend against allegations that conservatives and conservative stories don't get as much reach as liberal stories, or as they do on other social platforms. I understand skepticism. Skepticism is my job.

I'm also not naive. Of course this was part of a PR strategy for Facebook. You don't publicly invite a group of aggrieved people with large platforms to come to your fabled, sprawling campus and meet with the head honcho if you don't hope they will then go back to their large platforms and spread the good word.

But isn't the fact that Facebook considers this a PR problem (as well as an actual problem, I believe) proof that it does not want to be perceived as a liberal organization? If it really didn't care about attracting and retaining conservative users, why would it need damage control?

And if you have genuine concerns about bias and bad actors, don't you take an opportunity to help correct a problem?

The bottom line is, staying home solves zero problems. And in fact, it creates one.

My reason for attending the meeting was two-fold. One, I am deeply concerned about the effect of bias -- whether intentional or subconscious -- in alienating any group of people based on their beliefs, in this case mine.

Zuckerberg and his team assured us they were investigating that issue, take it very seriously, and do not have any evidence it is systemic. The mission of Facebook is to provide as big a platform to as many people as possible. Subverting voices is anathema to that mission (as well as its business model, more to the point).

This is a problem. I hope it is addressed. But I am frankly more concerned about conservatives' long-term relationship with Silicon Valley.

The perception that Silicon Valley is liberal exists for a reason. It largely is, but only to the extent that anyone in tech ever gives politics a thought. The tech world's most vocal political voices lean left on social issues, but your average programmer and developer are probably more libertarian than liberal. And when pressed, even your average executive would align more closely with the right on issues that are crucial to their own industry.

On issues like security, privacy, regulation and free markets, Silicon Valley has allies in conservative policies, not liberal ones. When I mentioned this in our meeting, there was broad agreement from the Facebook side that liberals have at times been more than just a pain on these issues, they've been a threat to their best interests.

Silicon Valley, and in particular the share economy leaders, need conservatives on the Hill, on K Street, and in the media to keep their markets free and their products innovative. Tech leaders ignored this simple fact for years, but are finally realizing Chuck Schumer and Hillary Clinton may share their attitudes on gay marriage, but not regulation. Which matters more to their bottom line?

But the questions the Facebook-objectors seem to be asking is, Does conservatism need Facebook and Silicon Valley? Well, only if wants to survive.

Forgetting the fact that Facebook has 1.7 billion users and no one reads books or newspapers on paper anymore, conservatives have been combating the image that they are stuck in the past for, well, as long as there's been a past to be stuck in. Conservatives should be leading the way on innovation, instead of constantly ceding that ground to the ""hipster progressives with their gadgets and watch-phones.""

Why we need Facebook

Instead of insisting conservatism and Silicon Valley are East and West Berlin, ideologically exclusive and wholly uninterested in one another, both need to acknowledge each other's necessity. I went to this meeting because I want lifelong partnerships in Silicon Valley to connect conservative values and policies with as many people as possible, to make the world work more efficiently, to innovate around government bureaucracy and to empower the private sector.

And I was pleasantly surprised to hear that Facebook wants partnerships with conservatives as well. For that, they will need our trust. And to earn our trust, we will need their respect.

This is all a work in progress, and it will take time, open lines of communication and transparency. But progress is impossible when parties decide to stay home.

I was glad Facebook reached out to us, and would have been just as happy had I not been included. This meeting was a necessary step in the right direction -- toward an alliance between two communities whose shared obsession with free markets could do a lot of good for a lot of people.",1
2318,Mike Huckabee: Gay People 'Can Be My Friends',"Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee (R) said on Sunday that even though he opposes gay marriage for religious reasons, he has plenty of gay friends -- just like he has friends who drink, curse and enjoy ballet.

""People can be my friends who have lifestyles that are not necessary my lifestyle,"" Huckabee said on CNN's ""State of the Union."" ""I don't drink alcohol, but gosh, a lot of my friends, maybe most of them do. I don't use profanity, but believe me, I've got a lot of friends who do. Some people really like classical music and ballet, opera -- it's not my cup of tea.""

Huckabee, a potential 2016 presidential candidate, reiterated Sunday that he would like to run for the Republican nomination, joking that his ideal scenario would be for all other GOP candidates to drop out of the primary and let him win. He said his opposition to gay marriage is no more conservative than President Barack Obama's was when he won his first presidential term.

""Obama had the same position I had when he spoke about it in 2008, and for the same reason,"" Huckabee said. ""He said it was because he was a Christian and because God is in the mix.""

Obama's views on the subject have since evolved, and he said in 2012 that he supports same-sex marriage.

Republicans, particularly younger ones, have also been warming to the idea of gay marriage. But Huckabee said his views won't change ""unless I get a new version of the Scriptures.""

""This is not just a political issue, it's a biblical issue,"" he said. ""It's like asking somebody who's Jewish to start serving bacon-wrapped shrimp in their deli.""",1
3149,"Obama at Prayer Event: Christians did terrible things, too","President Obama called on people of faith to reject those who use religion to justify evil – and in doing so – reminded people about the terrible things done in the name of Jesus Christ.

Obama told a gathering Thursday at the National Prayer Breakfast that we have seen “professions of faith used both as an instrument of great good but twisted in the name of evil.”

“From a school in Pakistan to the streets of Paris we have seen violence and terror perpetrated by those who profess to stand up for faith – their faith – profess to stand up for Islam but in fact are betraying it,” he said.

He did not mention radical Islam or jihadists or Islamic extremists. He did, however, call ISIS a “brutal, vicious death cult that in the name of religion carries out unspeakable acts of barbarism.”

The president also issued a word of warning to Christians.

“And lest we get on our high horse and think this is unique to some other place – remember that during the Crusades and the Inquisition committed terrible deeds in the name of Christ,” the president said.

Click here to follow Todd on Facebook for conservative conversation!

He also chided the United States, “our home country.”

“Slavery and Jim Crow all too often was justified in the name of Christ,” he added.

Robert Jeffress, the pastor of First Baptist Church of Dallas and the author of the upcoming book, “Countdown to the Apocalypse: Why ISIS and Ebola Are Only the Beginning,” said there are two problems with Obama’s comparison.

“When Christians act violently they are acting in opposition to the teachings of their founder, Jesus Christ,” Jeffress told me. “They cannot cite a single verse in the New Testament that calls for violence against unbelievers. On the other hand, radical Islamists can point to a number of verses in the Koran calling for Muslims to ‘crucify the infidels.’”

On Wednesday a United Nations watchdog group reported that Islamic militants were crucifying Iraqi children and burying them alive. Others had been sold as sex slaves and boys as young as 18 had been used as suicide bombers, Reuters reported.

“They are following the example of their founder Muhammad who slaughtered and beheaded those who opposed him,” Jeffress said.

While the Crusades were terrible, Jeffress pointed out they were a response to hundreds of years of Muslim aggression – an issue he writes about in his book.

As you might imagine – the president’s remarks did not go over well among conservatives. My friend Michelle Malkin put it nicely:

""ISIS chops off heads, incinerates hostages, kills gays, enslaves girls. Obama: Blame the Crusades,"" she tweeted.

I was puzzled by something else President Obama said: ""We are summoned to push back against those who would distort our religion for their nihilistic ends.""

What did he mean by “our religion”? Whose religion? And why did he compare the Crusades to ISIS?

The Crusades ended some 700 years ago. Perhaps the president should be a bit more concerned with the Islamic jihad being waged in this century.

Todd Starnes is host of Fox News & Commentary, heard on hundreds of radio stations. His latest book is ""God Less America: Real Stories From the Front Lines of the Attack on Traditional Values."" Follow Todd on Twitter @ToddStarnes and find him on Facebook.

",1
5257,"For Trump, a new ‘rigged’ system: The election itself","Donald Trump, trailing narrowly in presidential polls, has issued a warning to worried Republican voters: The election will be “rigged” against him — and he could lose as a result.

Trump pointed to several court cases nationwide in which restrictive laws requiring voters to show identification have been thrown out. He said those decisions open the door to fraud in November.

“If the election is rigged, I would not be surprised,” he told The Washington Post in an interview Tuesday afternoon. “The voter ID situation has turned out to be a very unfair development. We may have people vote 10 times.”

Those comments followed a claim Trump made Monday, to an audience in Ohio, that “the election is going to be rigged.” That same day, in an interview with Fox News Channel’s Sean Hannity, he beseeched Republicans to start “watching closely” or the election will be “taken away from us” through fraud.

Like much of what Trump says, the “rigged” riff defies the recent norms of politics. And it taps into fears that long predate his campaign. One is a growing and unsubstantiated worry that elections are being stolen. The other is a broader unease that regular Americans are being cheated by Wall Street, by Washington and by a duplicitous media.

Those worries have found voice in both parties this year, with Trump and Sen. Bernie Sanders (Vt.) both rallying their supporters during the Republican and Democratic primaries with the assessment that the system is rigged. Now, Trump is reviving the theme to highlight the possibility of voter fraud in November.

Since the 2000 election, which ended in a legal battle that stopped recounts of ballots in Florida, paranoia about the nation’s election system has mushroomed. According to a Pew Research Center survey, just 48 percent of Americans were confident that “the votes across the country were accurately counted” in the 2004 election. After 2012, an election with a wider popular vote margin, that percentage fell to 31 percent. Among Republicans, it was 21 percent.

“The idea that the person who won the presidency did so illegitimately is not new,” said Jesse Walker, the author of “The United States of Paranoia,” a history of conspiracy theories. “What’s new is the possibility of a possible loser in the presidential contest making an issue out of it. I can’t think of another example in the last century.”

Jokes about Democrats counting votes from dead people or bused-in fraudsters are part of the Republican lingua franca. During his unsuccessful presidential bid, Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.) often encouraged his audiences to bring friends and family to the polls with a joke about Democratic election theft.

“I want you to vote 10 times,” he would say. “Don’t worry — we’re not Democrats.”

In his interview with The Post, Trump offered that his chief concern about fraud was that states without strict identification requirements would see rampant repeat voters. “If you don’t have voter ID, you can just keep voting and voting and voting,” he said. On Fox News, Trump’s only evidence for fraud consisted of “precincts where there were practically nobody voting for the Republican” in the 2012 election.

In reality, voter fraud is rare. A 2014 study by Justin Levitt, a professor at Loyola Law School, found just 31 possible instances of fraud over 14 years of elections with a total of 1 billion votes cast. The low Republican vote in some urban centers squares with the low support black voters gave GOP nominee Mitt Romney’s campaign in 2012.

Still, the battle against “voter fraud” has made gains with Republican lawmakers and conservative journalists. Since the 2013 decision in Shelby County v. Holder undid some requirements of the Voting Rights Act, restrictive new voter ID and registration laws have passed through Republican-run states.

[Obama: Trump is ‘unfit to serve as president’]

Those laws have been challenged successfully in court, with North Carolina, North Dakota and Wisconsin losing cases in the days before Trump made his “rigged” comments. North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory accused judges of “undermining the integrity of our elections.”

In an interview Tuesday with CBS12 in Florida, Trump seemed to condemn the rulings against the states. “Some bad court cases have come down,” he said. Some of his more freewheeling supporters went even further, with the radio host Alex Jones warning listeners that the Obama administration might cancel the election, and off-again, on-again adviser Roger Stone telling Breitbart News that Trump needed to be ready for a violent post-election contest.

“I think he’s gotta put them on notice that their inauguration will be rhetorical,” Stone said. “I mean civil disobedience, not violence, but it will be a bloodbath. The government will be shut down if they attempt to steal this and swear Hillary in.”

To Ari Berman, a reporter for the Nation and the author of the voting rights history “Give Us the Ballot,” Trump’s worry about “rigging” sounded like an adaptation of something already mainstream among Republicans.

“There’s been a two-decade campaign on the right to drum up fears of ‘voter fraud’ stealing elections,” Berman said. “They’re trying to say that these voting rights victories will lead to more fraud. They want to spin these court victories not as something that’s good for democracy, but something that will hurt democracy. That’s what Trump is buying into.”

At the same time, many supporters of Sanders’s presidential run have argued that the Democratic nomination was effectively stolen from him — another sentiment Trump has tried to exploit. Long before the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, Sanders supporters asked whether a purge of New York voters, California’s slow ballot count or the closure of polling places in Arizona’s largest county had suppressed their votes.

“The Bernie Sanders folks don’t believe all the ballots were counted,” Chuck Pennachio, an academic and a Sanders delegate from Pennsylvania, said at a news conference last week. “They don’t believe that the process was clean. If you look at the exit polls, they don’t match up with the results in 11 of the 12 closest states.”

Every theory about how the primaries were stolen has been debunked. The famous New York purge, for example, disproportionately affected nonwhite voters, who had been breaking for Clinton. The same was true of the long lines in Arizona’s Maricopa County, which resulted from a decision by the county’s Republican-run elections team.

But in trying to explain how some early exit poll results diverged from vote totals, debunkers found themselves struggling to convince their listeners. Joe Lenski, the lead pollster for exit poll provider Edison Research, explained to the skeptical left-wing site Counterpunch that Sanders voters and young voters had been more likely to fill out the surveys. That did not stop the spread of theories that millions of Sanders votes might have been switched or suppressed. Last week, when more than 200 Sanders supporters invaded a media tent at the DNC, some left behind charts attempting to prove that vote-counters skewed the election.

Clinton’s 2.9 million-vote margin in the primaries may have set the upper bounds for speculation that an American election had been stolen. Sanders supporters also latched onto internal emails between staff members at the Democratic National Committee, in which they speculated about a Clinton nomination even before the primaries were over.

Trump, who previously accused Republicans of rigging primaries through the delegate selection process, found solace in the email scandal. Like Sanders, whose voters he wants to convert, he had found the idea of a rigged process syncing perfectly with his outsider brand. On Fox News, Trump tried to tell Sanders’s supporters that they already had seen an election wrested away by the political elite.

“It was rigged a little bit [against] me, and we won,” he said. “It was rigged a little bit against Bernie Sanders.”

“We know it was rigged,” Hannity said. “We’ve seen the emails.”",1
1856,Bush's 2016 remarks kick other potential GOP candidates into higher gears,"Jeb Bush’s announcement this week that he’s considering a 2016 presidential run appears to have dropped the starting gate on the GOP primary, with other potential Republican hopefuls like Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul and Dr. Ben Carson following with their own, telltale moves.

The Facebook announcement Tuesday by Bush, a former Florida governor, that he is “actively” exploring a White House bid was followed within hours by two Google ads buys from Paul’s leadership political action committee.

The first Rand PAC ad appeared in the search results of those who Google searched Bush’s name.

The second appeared more like an attack ad, considering it included the line “We need leaders who will stand against Common Core,” the national school-curriculum standards supported by Bush but opposed by conservative-minded supporters of state autonomy and less government.

Later that night, Paul, who says he’s “still a few more months” away from making a 2016 decision, said on Fox News’ “The Kelly File” that “Most of us believe in less federal government and more decentralized government, particularly with education. ... For Jeb Bush to run in the primary will be very, very difficult.""

David Payne, a Republican strategist and a senior vice president at Washington, D.C.-based VOX Global, gave a mixed review of what he called the “digital shadow boxing,” suggested GOP 2016 hopefuls will have to do more and better.

“Facebook is a part of the established media landscape,” Payne told FoxNews.com. “Jeb Bush wasn’t breaking any new ground with his announcement on this platform. He’ll need to be a lot more innovative to get Republican primary voters interested in him.”

He also said Paul’s counter punch was “intelligent but the expectation” from the relatively tech savvy Paul followers.

“It’s critical for (the candidates) to get smart about their balance of digital versus traditional media,” Payne also said. “Republicans running for president merely have to glance at the online campaign of Barack Obama in 2012 for the sobering reasons to significantly raise their investment in digital and social media.”

The effort to get Carson elected also got in the mix before the end of the day.

The National Draft Ben Carson for President Committee said it will on Saturday open an office in Iowa, which historically holds the first caucus of the presidential election cycle, then followed by the New Hampshire primary.

“We are so far ahead of the pack in Iowa and New Hampshire,” John Philip Sousa IV, the SuperPAC’s national chairman, told FoxNews.com on Wednesday.

Still, Sousa insisted that the announcement wasn’t prompted by Bush’s big news, saying his group had been looking for months for office space.

Political strategists argue that if Bush indeed triggered a starting gun it was the one that forced big donors to get their money off the sidelines, particularly those waiting to see if Bush, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie or 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney would try to become the party’s establishment candidate.

“If you’re going to run, go do it,” Robert T. Grand, an Indiana-based Republican donor, who was one of the leading donors to George W. Bush’s 2004 campaign, told The New York Times. “I think you’ve got a short period of time. This announcement triggers the start.”

Still, other strategists argue that Bush’s announcement was not a 2016 turning point, in large part because he also plans to open a leadership PAC, which will help him travel around the county to speak but is not a full-fledged campaign PAC.

Two others top 2016 GOP hopefuls also appeared to use Bush’s announcement to draw attention to their own efforts.

Texas GOP Sen. Ted Cruz told Fox News’ “Special Report” that Bush is a “good man” but said he would wait until Bush officially decides in the coming months before assessing his potential impact on the GOP primary.

Still, the first-term, firebrand senator subtly staked out his turf, ahead of a potential run.

“It is not a surprise that Washington fights hard against anyone trying to change the culture,” he said. “But I can tell you, outside of Washington, people are frustrated … with politicians who say one thing and do another.”

A spokesman for Florida GOP Sen. Marco Rubio, another potential White House candidate, told reporters: ""Marco has a lot of respect for Governor Bush and believes he would be a formidable candidate. However, Marco's decision on whether to run for president or re-election will be based on where he can best achieve his agenda to restore the American Dream -- not on who else might be running.""",1
3543,"Why ISIS's reign of fear has worked, and how it can be countered","The Islamic State is brutal, but for a purpose. It can succeed in the short term because locals don't appear to have any other options.

Why is Angela Merkel calling for a ban on the full Islamic veil?

This undated file image posted on a militant website last year shows fighters from the Islamic State marching through Raqqa, Syria.

In the early days of the Islamic State, back when it was still taking shape from the remnants of Al Qaeda in Iraq, Muslim scholars advised the group to take a page from the United States military’s playbook.

During the Sunni Awakening of 2008, American troops had successfully nurtured tribal councils and militias as partners to eject murderous insurgents from their homeland in western Iraq.

Al Qaeda in Iraq failed because of its “brutality, zealotry, and arrogant belief that it was a state,” said critics – both jihadi and non-jihadi – according to Will McCants, director of the Project on US Relations with the Islamic World at the Brookings Institution in Washington.

So what did the Islamic State do? It doubled down.

By 2014, “those were the very qualities that made the Islamic State so successful,” says Dr. McCants, author of the new book, “The ISIS Apocalypse.”

It is well known that the Islamic State is now governing a wide swath of Syria and Iraq through a modern-day reign of terror. What is less well-known is why that approach has been so successful – even attracting tens of thousands of foreigners.

The answer appears to be in how that brutality takes shape.

Toward local populations that have little choice but to obey, the Islamic State can promise – and carry out – untold savagery. On Sunday, the Islamic State killed some 70 members of a tribe in Iraq that had tried to rise up against the group. To the foreign fighters who pledge their lives to the cause, by contrast, the Islamic State promises lakeside homes in Raqqa, Syria, and high salaries.

The campaign of fear and intimidation that hangs over locals works largely because there are no other options. Sunni Muslims in IS-held territory trust the Syrian and Iraqi governments – which are run by other religious groups – even less than they trust the Islamic State. And no foreign power is likely to step in and tip the power balance toward local tribes, as the US did in the Sunni Awakening.

The result is a pseudo-state that breaks all the modern rules – governing through a very calculated mix of opportunism and oppression.

“It was a tough thing for me to see, because I had bought into the idea, put around by the western analytical community – but also by [former Al Qaeda leader Osama] bin Laden himself – that if you’re going to wage an insurgency and create a long-lasting state, you need to win over popular support,” says McCants.

“The Islamic State has done the exact opposite.”

For all its wanton spectacle, the brutality of the Islamic State is not random. It is part of a carefully calibrated state-building strategy that the group has been ramping up for years.

The group’s approach to establish control “began with infiltration and ended with conquest,” as a Rand Corporation report released this month put it. “Time after time, place after place, the group would establish an intelligence and security apparatus, target key opponents, and establish extortion and other criminal revenue-raising practices,” it noted. “Clandestine campaigns of assassination and intimidation have been part of the group’s playbook for more than a decade.”

Reports from groups on the ground, as well as social media, show that “ISIS does rely on brutality much more than Al Qaeda,” says Harleen Gambhir, a counterterrorism analyst with the Institute for the Study of War, using a common acronym for the Islamic State. This includes “intentionally inspiring terror, pushing the bounds so that it can intimidate those under its control.”

Sunday’s slaughter was a typical example, Ms. Gambhir says. “These sorts of mass executions come frequently for those even vaguely hinting at rebellion.”

This summer, an uprising in Libya was brutally put down by an IS affiliate, which “mass executed those in local tribes,” she adds. This in turn “eliminated all hints of social rebellion.”

What the Islamic State has shown is that, in the short term, “brutality … can be much more effective than worrying about others,” McCants says. “If you look at what IS has done, you can see examples where control has been established by extreme brutality and kept up by extreme brutality.”

The question is whether the Islamic State can maintain such a state over the long term. Al Qaeda has long argued that its vision of establishing an Islamic caliphate is more sustainable.

“It thinks ISIS is going to burn out, because of the way it treats locals,” Gambhir says.

The Islamic State instead has put a priority on bringing in foreign fighters.

“ISIS fighters … are given preference in obtaining food and basic needs of living,” she adds.

There are clear signs that locals are chafing mightily under Islamic State rule, says McCants. But “unless they get help from the outside,” they are going to have trouble throwing off the group.

That help is not likely to come from the US. “I have no doubt we could do it, should we choose to,” says McCants, but such an operation would necessarily include troops on the ground and embroil the US in the Middle East again.

Moreover, it would “let the local governments off the hook,” especially in Damascus and Baghdad, McCants says. As a result, the problems that allowed the rise of the Islamic State in the first place, including Sunni disenfranchisement by Shiite-dominate governments, would continue.

“This leaves us in the unsatisfying position of not having terrific options in the near term for destroying the IS,” McCants says.

In some ways, the US might have more options in Syria, McCants says, because it is not working with the government. “Syria is always seen as the hard case, but we also have greater freedom of choice.”

The US could work with Kurdish forces to clear areas, then build up local Sunni militias to hold them. Yet Turkish officials balk at the idea of empowering Kurdish forces, given the large Kurdish minority in Turkey.

As in 2008, the most promising center of gravity for the fight against the Islamic State is the Sunni tribes. “Many Sunnis support the group either because of intimidation or because they view it as their only protection against other groups,” the Rand report notes. “Although this will be difficult, Iraq, at least, can start by ensuring fair treatment of the population when towns are recovered, and by speeding the reconstruction of those towns.”

The question becomes how to empower them, given the limited tools the US has at its disposal.

In theory, Iraqi government officials agree with the plan to engage Sunni tribal militias to some extent, “but there’s been a lot of foot dragging,” he adds. “We could start arming the tribes ourselves, but if they are not part of the Iraqi central government, we’re kind of pushing the state of Iraq in a particular direction of a more federal state.”

Still, McCants says, the Sunni tribes “should be our center of gravity, too.”",1
4017,Russia launches naval bombardment of targets in Syria,"Washington (CNN) Russia launched a naval bombardment Wednesday of ISIS targets in Syria, a senior Russian official said, ramping up a newly muscular presence in the Middle East.

Shoigu said the strikes were launched from the Caspian Sea using precise long-range missiles that flew 1,500 kilometers (930 miles) to their targets.

Russia says it launched missiles at Syrian targets from the Caspian Sea.

Wednesday also appeared to mark new and closer military cooperation between Russia and the embattled Syrian regime of President Bashar al-Assad

Russia and Syria launched coordinated attacks Wednesday on Islamist factions in towns in Hama and Idlib provinces in western Syria , with the Syrian shelling apparently conducted in concert with Russian airstrikes, according to an opposition group.

If the report is correct, it could offer fresh evidence that Russia's primary goal is propping up al-Assad rather than fighting terrorism.

Even as its ships and warplanes conducted fresh strikes, Russia said it was willing to cooperate with the United States in carrying out attacks in Syria.

However, speaking to reporters in Rome, U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton Carter called the Russian campaign of airstrikes in Syria a ""fundamental mistake."" He said the United States was not ready to cooperate with Russia on operations in Syria.

A ministry spokesman, quoted by Russia's Tass news agency, said the ministry responded to a Pentagon request. It then ""swiftly considered"" the U.S. proposals to coordinate.

""We just need to specify some technical details that will be discussed today by representatives of the Russian Defense Ministry and the Pentagon at the expert level,"" Defense Ministry spokesman Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov told Tass.

The U.S. military recently had to divert one aircraft over Syria to ensure it could maintain a safe flying distance from a Russian fighter, a Pentagon representative said. Until the two countries agree on mutual flight safety rules in Syrian airspace, U.S. pilots are under orders to change their flight path if a Russian plane is within 20 nautical miles, a senior defense official told CNN.

Russian warplanes conducted heavy airstrikes Wednesday on Islamist factions, accompanied by shelling from government forces, according to the UK-based, anti-Assad Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.

The head of the observatory said there were no ISIS positions in the areas targeted and that fierce clashes were taking place on the ground between regime forces and their allies and armed Islamist rebel factions, including the Ahrar al-Sham and al Qaeda-affiliated al-Nusra Front.

Wednesday's clashes are the fiercest in the last month, the observatory said.

""According to our data, about 40 percent (was destroyed). In addition, a lot of terrorists have been killed. Now, they are retreating toward the Turkish border,"" Sputnik quoted Haddad as saying.

But Turkey, Syria's neighbor to the north, cast fresh doubt Wednesday on whether Russia's goal was to go after SIS.

A fraction -- 3.5% -- of Russia's airstrikes in Syria so far have targeted the terror group, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said.

""These air raids are not against ISIS. There were 57 air raids by Russian air forces. Fifty-five of them were against moderate opposition and only two were against Daesh, according to military information we received,"" Turkey's Anadolu news agency quoted Davutoglu as saying, reflecting government thinking. Daesh is another name for ISIS.

The U.S. Embassy in Syria also questioned Russia's targets.

""Russia can play a constructive role in this effort but that doesn't mean hitting moderate Syrian forces that are in opposition to Assad who has carried out a brutal, brutal crackdown on his own people.""

""So we have seen a substantial military buildup by Russia in Syria, both in the air with the combat planes and air defense systems, but also an increasing number of ground troops,"" Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said. ""In addition to that, they have deployed naval assets, a large number of naval assets close to the Syrian shores. And they continue to do so.""

Russian planes have also incurred into Turkish airspace twice, he said.

""It's unacceptable, it's dangerous, and it's reckless behavior and it adds to the tensions,"" Stoltenberg told CNN.

Stoltenberg said he doubted that Russia was interested primarily in fighting ISIS.

""I'm also concerned that Russia is not targeting ISIL but instead attacking the Syrian opposition and civilians,"" he said.

The Pentagon shares the same worries.

The latest U.S. assessment indicates that Russia has moved ground combat weapons and troops to areas of western Syria where anti-regime forces are, according to two American defense officials. The United States sees the move as Russia ""stepping up its ground activity"" in Syria to attack those forces, rather than ISIS elements, according to one of the officials.

But Russian officials deny ramping up military activity. Officials quoted by state media said there would be no ground operation in Syria and -- in contrast to what officials had said earlier -- Russia would try to prevent any ""volunteers"" from going to Syria.",1
220,The right turns on Paul Ryan: Yesterday’s conservative savior is today’s moderate wimp,"Rush Limbaugh: “I don’t remember a vice presidential pick that has so energized a campaign as this choice of Paul Ryan.”

Glenn Beck: “Mitt Romney has picked a solid, smart conservative for his vice-presidential running mate.”

Laura Ingraham: “More than anything today, we need a man with courage and clear-thinking. Ryan has both.”

Fast forward just three years and those same commentators are now raising doubts about Ryan, when not outright trashing him in public. Ryan’s sudden sin?  Not being sufficiently conservative; not passing the purity test.

Limbaugh: “This whole Ryan thing hasn’t made any sense to me from the first moment I heard about it.”

Beck: “The ‘fix’ the republic needs is Paul Ryan? The man who never met a bailout he didn’t like? A man who asked to be made king? 100% support and you can’t vote him out? Your solution is MORE POWER FOR THE SPEAKER?!?!?!?”

Ingraham: “From misrepresenting the outrageous Fast Track &TPP to amnesty & foreign workers, list of demands, Ryan’s possibly the worst Spkr choice.”

Ryan’s amazing free-fall from grace seems to be part of a larger race to the radical right, not only among powerful forces with the Republican Party, which now seem to be fundamentally opposed to governing and legislating, but also within key portions of the right-wing media. There seems to be a mini-stampede underway towards an extremist destination rarely seen in mainstream American politics. And for parts of the conservative media that means now demonizing former heroes like Paul Ryan.

“Conservative talk show hosts, including Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck, have already denounced him as a dangerous moderate,” according to Doyle McManus at the Los Angeles Times. “Tea party organizations are already raising money from supporters with appeals to stop any more Ryanesque budget deals.”

One of the many layers of irony here is that in 2012, the right-wing media defended Ryan from Democraticclaims that he was too far to the right and outside of the mainstream. Today, many conservative commentators are attacking Ryan for not being far enough to the right.

Yet “Ryan hasn’t undergone any sort of David Brockian-type worldview change that would warrant labeling him an apostate,” wrote conservative Matt Lewis at The Daily Beast. He added that while “Ryan’s voting record has its blemishes,” Ryan would “certainly be the most conservative Speaker of the House in modern history.” He still believes in privatizing social security and Medicare. He still believes that social programs are a “hammock.” He still believes that the Social Security survivor benefits that he and his family received throughout his adolescence cause dependency on other people and their families. A portion of the conservative press, of course, has never been in love with an establishment-type players like Jeb Bush, so his lack of support this year hasn’t been surprising. But Paul Ryan? He’s “the Republican party’s intellectual leader” as The Weekly Standard once touted. The conservative press could barely contain its universal glee when Ryan got the VP nod just three years ago. ‘He’s one of us,’ seemed to be the collective cheer. “Fox News, the most powerful right-wing media outlet in the country, has spent years praising Ryan as a ‘star,’ a ‘genius,’ and a man of ‘courage,'” Media Matters noted in 2012. -“He is the wrong man at the wrong time.”  [American Thinker] -“Paul Ryan represents one of the absolute worst outcomes for conservatives.” [Conservative Review] -“Despite his portrayal by the media as being conservative, most actual conservatives in the House know that Ryan isn’t a conservative.” [Breitbart] Breitbart, in particular, has become a clearinghouse of often-inaccurate analysis regarding Ryan, such as claiming the Republican’s bid for the speakership had recently collapsed. Breitbart even warned readers that Media Matters “has Paul Ryan’s back,” as proof the Republican cannot be trusted. In a sign of how fractured and radical the conservative movement has become, it appears fewer and fewer media players have Ryan’s back. Even though they cheered him as a savior in 2012.",1
5090,Hillary Clinton Keeps It Safe With Tim Kaine as VP Pick,"If you needed proof that Hillary Clinton will continue to run a cautious, stage-managed campaign, look no further than her VP pick.

Hillary Clinton announced today that will be her presidential running-mate, pushing the mild-mannered Virginian into a glaring national spotlight. ""I'm thrilled to tell you this first: I've chosen Sen. Tim Kaine as my running mate. Welcome him to our team,"" the former Secretary of State said in a text to her supporters.



Kaine, a former governor and current senator, was the —but that doesn't mean he won't have an impact.

; the senator’s favorite conversation topic is his conviction that Congress needs to pass an authorization for the use of military force giving Obama the authority to go to war with ISIS. It’s certainly a topic of massive constitutional importance. But still ... not the sexiest issue.

“Tim Kaine would be a perfect addition to the ticket, in that he would add no progressive backbone that might inconvenience Team Hillary when it's time to govern,” People for Bernie co-founder Charles Lenchner .

And pro-choice groups about him, as his view on abortion rights is more moderate than Clinton’s. Kaine himself assured Meet the Press that he is “boring.” He’s also a devout Catholic who was a missionary in Honduras for 9 months and speaks fluent Spanish.

That said, the senator brings an unusual—and heart-wrenching—resume to the ticket. He’s one of a small (though growing) number of national politicians to handle a mass shooting. He was governor of Virginia , and drew bipartisan praise for the role he played helping the community recover and heal.

“By any standard, Tim Kaine provided the exact kind of leadership that VA needed during a tremendous crisis and tragedy,” said Tucker Martin, who was press secretary at the time for Virginia’s Republican attorney general, Bob McDonnell. “I think you’d be hard-pressed to find anyone who would say he didn’t rise to the moment.”

“You can go beyond grief to isolation and feeling despair,” he said at the time, addressing victims’ families. “Those haunting words that were uttered on a hill on Calvary: ‘My God, my God, why hast Thou forsaken me?’ Despair is a natural emotion at a time like this. They’re all natural, they’re all appropriate. But let me ask one thing of you, this community, as you wrestle with your sadness, as you wrestle with your own feelings of anger, of confusion, as you wrestle with the despair—even you family members who have lost people close: You do not let hold of that spirit of community that makes Virginia Tech such a special place.”

All told, the senator is an extremely low-risk pick for Clinton. So while her politics may not be conservative, her politicking certainly is.",1
3725,Security Expert: My Fear is That More Churches Will be Targeted,"The gunman walked into the church sanctuary and opened fire.

He showed no mercy – firing more than 100 rounds and exploding a pipe bomb in the balcony. There was nowhere to hide from the carnage.

Click here to follow Todd on Facebook for conservative conversation!

Seven people died that night. Seven others were wounded.

It was Sept. 15, 1999 – the day a madman slaughtered Christians inside Wedgwood Baptist Church in Fort Worth, Texas.

That was the year Carl Chinn began compiling statistic documenting violent attacks on churches and synagogues and other houses of worship.

Since 1999, he has recorded more than 1,000 such attacks – more than 150 so far this year.

Chinn tells me the attack on the pastor and parishioners at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church is the worst attack on an assembled congregation in American history.

“This was a calculated attack,” he said. “It’s just awful. I hurt for those people.”

And one of the nation’s foremost experts in church security fears the Charleston massacre could only be the beginning.

“Violence directed against the church has been growing over the past decade,” said Tim Miller, the president of LionHeart International Services Group. “My fear is what we saw in Charleston is one incident of many more to come.”

“Church security really matters,” he told me. “Churches are becoming more and more a major target. Dealing with this is really important.”

Miller, a retired Marine, served nearly 30 years as a former Secret Service agent, police officer and counter-intelligence officer. His team includes former Homeland Security agents, FBI agents and special-ops personnel.

“I spent my life learning how to protect others,” he said. “About three years ago, I realized the same threats we experienced overseas are now here. And we needed to pivot and direct our efforts to help those in churches and non-profits.”

Miller said churches are soft targets and what happened in Charleston should be a wakeup call.

“My first thought was to pray,” he said. “Having been in situations where that kind of carnage exists – the suffering is unimaginable. My second thought – was this is a realization of what we’ve been talking about and what we help churches prepare for.”

The difficulty is making the church a welcoming place for hurting souls – while at the same time preparing to deal with those who might commit violence.

“We welcome you on the one hand – while on the other hand if a gunman comes in – we have the resources to handle it,” he said.

I do believe the Old Testament Book of Nehemiah addressed such an issue: “We prayed to our God and posted a guard.”

Todd Starnes is host of Fox News & Commentary, heard on hundreds of radio stations. His latest book is ""God Less America: Real Stories From the Front Lines of the Attack on Traditional Values."" Follow Todd on Twitter @ToddStarnes and find him on Facebook.

",1
2666,MSNBC’s year of standing up straight,"There is an path for Democrats to regain the presidency — and it does not run through Ohio, Michigan or Wisconsin.",1
3172,The Libertarian Moment Is So Over That Libertarians Are Now The Single Largest Group: Gallup,"Yeah, yeah, with the rise of Der Trumper and the ascendance of Ted Cruz to serious candidacy, the Libertarian Moment is deader than Nancy Reagan's dream of a drug-free America. Right?

In fact, as Cato's David Boaz has pointed out recently, the libertarian electorate is on the rise, according to Gallup's annual Governance survey from last fall. Gallup uses two questions to separate respondents into one of four categories: conservative, liberal, libertarian, and populist. The two questions are:

Gallup finds that libertarian voters (those who think the government is doing too much and should NOT favor any particular set of values) account for 27 percent of respondents, followed by conservatives (26 percent), liberals (23 percent), and populists (15 percent).

Boaz notes that 27 percent is the highest percentage recorded for libertarian sensibilities. In 2000, for instance, the figure was just 18 percent. So if libertarian sentiments are on the rise, then why are characters such as Trump, Cruz, and even Bernie Sanders doing so well? Boaz runs through various reasons, many of which involve the simple fact that neither the Republican nor Democratic Party does a decent job of representing libertarian values. If you take the two questions above equally serious, for instance, you couldn't in good conscience vote for any of the candidates running for president. And so we find ourselves in a situation where across many policy questions that define libertarianism—increasing immigration, say, or legalizing pot and gay marriage, deregulating business, and liberalizing gun laws—the country is becoming more and more libertarian even as the major political parties get more and more reactionary in their views.

As the Republican Party begins its great implosion (thank you for that, at least, Donald Trump), the question in front of us isn't why hasn't the GOP ever been as libertarian as its rhetoric (40 years ago, for god's sake, Ronald Reagan famously told Reason, ""I believe the very heart and soul of conservatism is libertarianism""). It's whether the Republican Party will reconstitute itself along libertarian lines. If the party elders are serious about taking the party into the future, or even dragging it in the near-present, they should be breaking toward what Reason, founded in 1968, was calling ""Free Minds and Free Markets"" back when Reagan was still in his first term as governor of California.",1
782,March 15 Exit Poll Results: The Polarization of Primary Electorates,"Political polarization has been a frequent topic of conversation among political observers over the past decade as Democratic and Republican legislators and voters appear to have moved further apart ideologically. The same pattern is visible in the electorates voting Tuesday. Voters in Democratic primaries are considerably more liberal than they were eight years ago, and Republican voters are more conservative than in 2008.

According to the NBC News Exit Polls in the five Democratic contests Tuesday, there has been a 15-point increase since 2008 in the percentage of voters who describe their political ideology as ""liberal."" On Tuesday, about one-third of Democrats described themselves as moderate—an 9-point drop since 2008—and now fewer than one in 10 characterize their political thinking as conservative.

Among Republicans in four of the five states Tuesday (North Carolina was excluded because it did not have the comparable trend data) there has been growth since 2008 in the percentage describing their political ideology as ""conservative."" In 2008, 63 percent of Republicans across the four states self-identified as conservatives. On Tuesday, 73 percent did so, an overall increase of 10 points. Slightly fewer now consider themselves moderates—down 4 points to 24 percent. And eight years ago, 9 percent of Republican primary voters in these states said they were liberal, a figure that has dwindled to 3 percent today.",1
1317,Reuters Poll: Most Voters Don't Think Bill Clinton Big Factor in Election,"Bill Clinton simply is not wielding that kind of influence - good or bad - over voters so far this year, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll. A majority of Americans, including 73 percent of Democrats and 52 percent of Republicans, said Bill Clinton does not factor into their opinion of Hillary for president.

The poll, conducted Jan. 7 to 13, found that 12 percent of Americans are more likely to vote for Hillary, the former secretary of state, because of her marriage to Bill. Among Democrats, fewer than half said Bill Clinton should be more prominent in his wife's campaign, and less than half felt that his presence in the race would boost her chances of winning.

Bill Clinton, who was widely credited for helping Barack Obama win a second term in 2012, has become much more active on the campaign trail this month, especially in New Hampshire, where Hillary Clinton trails Bernie Sanders in several recent statewide polls. Hillary called Bill her ""not-so-secret weapon"" when announcing the move, though his increased involvement created an opening for Republicans, especially Trump, to bring up allegations of sexual misconduct that dogged the Clintons in the 1990s.

Despite two terms of strong economic growth and a trade surplus, Bill Clinton's legacy as president has been marked by several high-profile missteps. Several women came forward during his tenure in the White House with allegations of consensual sexual encounters.

He also spent much of his tenure fighting accusations of unwanted advances toward women, including Paula Jones, an Arkansas state employee, who later filed a lawsuit. In 1998, he was impeached by the House of Representatives after attempting to cover-up an affair with another woman, Monica Lewinsky.

After Hillary said that Trump, the Republican front-runner, had shown a ""penchant for sexism,"" the real estate mogul took to Twitter to warn the Democratic front-runner against using her husband as a surrogate on the campaign trail.

""If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!"" Trump wrote in late December.

Voters, however, do not seem to care. A majority of Americans in the Reuters/Ipsos poll, including 68 percent of Democrats and 50 percent of Republicans, said that Bill's past sexual misconduct ""made no difference"" in the current presidential race.

Among women, 56 percent said it did not matter, while another 21 percent said it would hurt Hillary Clinton's chances of winning the election. A tiny proportion of women - 4 percent - said they thought the experience would actually help her chances of winning.

Democrats who turned out to listen to the former president this week in New Hampshire dismissed the allegations of sexual misconduct as no longer relevant.

""I just think it's none of our business,"" said Randall Ferrara, a retired pastor who came to listen to Bill stump in Keene, New Hampshire. ""It's old news and a weapon they use when they don't have anything else.""

Ferrara said he is still deciding between Clinton and her chief rival, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of nearby Vermont. Shirley Ferrara, his wife, said that she would be supporting Hillary. She agreed with the roughly half of Democrats that told Reuters/Ipsos that the former president ""should take a prominent role"" campaigning for his wife and that it would help her.

""I think he would be an asset to her,"" Ferrara said.

Rachel Reekie, a Sanders supporter and Keen State University student who was in elementary school during Clinton's presidency, said she was ""fully aware"" of the allegations.

""It's not a big deal; it's over,"" Reekie said. ""I don't think his presence will have an effect.""

The online panel of 1,947 adults has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of about 4 percentage points.",1
4238,"Super Tuesday prizes: Candidates in fierce fight for Texas, other delegate goldmines","The Democratic and Republican presidential candidates are charging into Super Tuesday in a coast-to-coast battle for delegates across a dozen states -- but while they're looking for as many wins as possible, a few select states stand out as the crown jewels.

At the top of that list, in both primary contests, is Texas. The Lone Star State has the biggest cache -- 222 Democratic delegates and 155 for Republicans.

And perhaps no candidate is fighting harder for that prize than Texas Republican Sen. Ted Cruz. The senator went all out on Monday, holding rallies in voter-rich Dallas, Houston and San Antonio in hopes of at least defeating national front-runner Donald Trump in Cruz's home state.

“We are going to have a very good Super Tuesday,” Cruz assured the Dallas crowd. Cruz has maintained a polling lead in the state, but knows a surprise loss there could doom his campaign.

For Republicans, the second-biggest prize is Georgia, with 76 delegates at stake. Both Trump and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio put in face time with voters Monday in the final hours before polls open, while Cruz stayed rooted in Texas.

On the Democratic side, too, Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have focused their efforts.

While Clinton declared Saturday night after her decisive win in the South Carolina primary that the campaign was going “national,” the former secretary of state was concentrating Monday on two delegate-heavy states -- the Democratic-stronghold of Massachusetts (91 delegates) and Virginia (95 delegates).

Solid wins there and beyond on Super Tuesday could give her a nearly insurmountable delegate count toward the nomination.

Clinton to date leads Sanders in the delegate count 543-to-85, including so-called superdelegates. They will compete for 865 delegates on Tuesday and a total of roughly 1,800 delegates over the next two weeks, with 2,382 needed to win the nomination.

The delegates on the line in 11 states Tuesday represent a third of those needed to clinch the party nod.

And on the GOP side, 595 delegates are on the line Tuesday across 11 states -- nearly half the number needed to secure the nomination.

Sanders is focusing on Minnesota and Colorado, progressive states where he hopes his message of social and economic equality will translate into votes.

“Americans don’t need crumbs, they need the whole loaf,” Sanders said at a rally in Minneapolis.

He is expected on Tuesday to win his home state of Vermont, which has 16 Democratic delegates. Minnesota is worth far more, with 77 delegates.

Still, many of these contests divide delegates proportionally, and so Sanders is poised to walk away with some, even where he loses. His strategy appears to be to at least survive Tuesday, with hopes of a resurgence later this month in Maine and Rust Belt states like Michigan and Ohio.

On the Republican side, Trump has won three straight -- the New Hampshire and South Carolina primaries, and the Nevada Republican Caucus -- garnering 82 delegates.

Cruz kicked off the 2016 balloting by winning the Iowa Republican Caucus. He has 17 delegates, ahead of Florida GOP Sen. Marco Rubio with 16.

Though trailing in Texas, Trump holds big leads in other delegate-rich Super Tuesday states.

The billionaire businessman leads by double-digits in Alabama, Georgia, Massachusetts, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Virginia, according to RealClearPolitics poll averages. Roughly 53 percent of the GOP’s 595 delegates on Tuesday are in those states.

Those polls were released before Trump over the weekend initially declined to disavow the backing of former KKK leader David Duke, which Rubio says makes him “unelectable.”

Trump has since disavowed the support and blamed his original handling of the question on a faulty earpiece.

The tough race is taking a toll on the candidates. Rubio, barnstorming the South to take hold of the GOP establishment mantle, temporarily lost his voice at a rally outside of Atlanta and needed South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley, who has endorsed him, to take the microphone.

The two other GOP candidates, Ohio Gov. John Kasich and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, have six and four delegates, respectively.",1
2886,How Obama Abandoned Democracy in Iraq,"W hen trying to explain the current unrest in the Middle East, from Iraq to Syria to Yemen, American officials often resort to platitudes about Sunni and Shia Muslims fighting each other for “centuries” due to “ancient hatreds.” Not only is this claim historically inaccurate, but it also ignores the unintended consequences that the Iraq War more recently leashed on the region. That war—and the manner in which the United States left it behind in 2011—shifted the balance of power in the region in Iran’s favor. Regional competition, of which Iran’s tension with Saudi Arabia is the main but not only dimension, exacerbated existing fault-lines, with support for extreme sectarian actors, including the Islamic State, turning local grievances over poor governance into proxy wars.

Nothing that happened in Iraq after the overthrow of Saddam Hussein in 2003 was pre-ordained; different futures than the one unfolding today were possible. Recall that violence declined drastically during the 2007 U.S. troop surge, and that for the next couple of years both Iraq and the West felt that the country was going in the right direction. But the seeds of Iraq’s unravelling were sown in 2010, when the United States did not uphold the election results and failed to broker the formation of a new Iraqi government. As an adviser to the top U.S. general in Iraq, I was a witness.

“My greatest fear,” General Raymond Odierno, the then commanding general of U.S. forces in Iraq, told me in early 2010, “is that we stabilize Iraq, then hand it over to the Iranians in our rush to the exit.”

General O (as he is known), had recently watched the 2007 movie Charlie Wilson’s War, which recounts how U.S. interest in Afghanistan ceased once the mujahedeen defeated the Soviet Army in 1989 and drove them out. Now, he had a premonition that the same could happen in Iraq. “I’ve invested too much here,” he said, “to simply walk away and let that happen.”

I had first met Odierno in 2003, when he was the commanding general of the 4th Infantry Division responsible for the provinces of Salah al-Din, Diyala and Kirkuk in the early days of the Iraq War; I had been the representative in Kirkuk of the Coalition Provisional Authority, the American-led transitional government that controlled Iraq after Hussein’s fall. Now, as his political adviser, I was helping General O ensure that the United States kept its focus on the mission in Iraq while drawing down U.S. forces.

Odierno wanted U.S. engagement with Iraq to continue for years to come, but led by U.S. civilians, not the military. He believed that, in order to train Iraqi security forces and provide the psychological support needed to maintain a level of stability, 20,000 or so U.S. troops needed to stay in Iraq beyond 2011, when all American troops were scheduled to be withdrawn. But the real engagement, General O believed, should be from the other instruments of national power, led by the U.S. embassy.

Every time a congressional delegation visited us in Baghdad, General O put up a slide showing why the United States should continue to invest in Iraq through the Strategic Framework Agreement that the two countries had signed in 2008. General O knew that for the mission to succeed, there needed to be a political agreement between Iraqi leaders. Otherwise, all the security gains that the American troops had fought so hard for would not be sustainable. He took every opportunity to educate and communicate these complexities to the new Obama administration.

For six months, General O had tried hard to support the leadership of Chris Hill, the new American ambassador who had taken up his post in April 2009. But Odierno had begun to despair. It was clear that Hill, though a career diplomat, lacked regional experience and was miscast in the role in Baghdad. In fact, he had not wanted the job, but Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had persuaded him to take it; she admitted as much to General O, he told me, when he met her in early 2010 in Washington to discuss the dysfunction at the embassy. General O complained that Hill did not engage with Iraqis or with others in the diplomatic community—his only focus appeared to be monitoring the activities of the U.S. military.

It was frightening how a person could so poison a place. Hill brought with him a small cabal who were new to Iraq and marginalized all those with experience in the country. The highly knowledgeable and well-regarded Arabist Robert Ford had cut short his tour as ambassador to Algeria to return to Iraq for a third tour and turned down another ambassadorship to stay on in Iraq and serve as Hill’s deputy. But Hill appeared not to want Ford’s advice on political issues and pressured him to depart the post early in 2010. In his staff meetings, Hill made clear how much he disliked Iraq and Iraqis. Instead, he was focused on making the embassy “normal” like other U.S. embassies. That apparently meant having grass within the embassy compound. The initial attempts to plant seed had failed when birds ate it all, but eventually, great rolls of lawn turf were brought in—I had no idea from where—and took root. By the end of his tenure, there was grass on which the ambassador could play lacrosse.

The national elections took place on March 7, 2010, and went more smoothly than we had dared hope. After a month of competitive campaigning across the country and wide media coverage of the different candidates and parties, 62 percent of eligible Iraqis turned out to vote.

The European Union and others had fielded hundreds of international poll-watchers alongside thousands of trained Iraqi election observers, while the United Nations provided the Iraqis with advice on technical matters related to elections. All this helped to sustain the credibility of the process. Insurgents sought to create a climate of fear by planting bombs in water bottles and blowing up a house, but the Iraqi security forces stood up to the test.

“We won the elections!” Rafi Issawi, the deputy prime minister, shouted excitedly to me on the phone. I could hear celebratory gunfire in the background. We had not expected Iraqiya—a coalition headed by the secular Shia Ayad Allawi and leaders of the Sunni community, and running on a non-sectarian platform—to do so well. The coalition had won 91 seats—two more than the incumbent Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki’s State of Law Coalition.

I accompanied General O and Hill to a meeting with Maliki the next day. Maliki, a Shia, had been prime minister since 2006. Americans and Iraqis alike initially viewed him as weak, but his reputation grew after he ordered military operations against Shia militias. Since then, Iraqi politicians had become increasingly fearful of his authoritarian tendencies. He had insisted on running separately in the election—as State of Law rather than joining a united Shia coalition as had happened in 2005—in large part because the Shia parties would not agree on him to lead the list. Nobody wanted a second Maliki premiership.

When Hill asked Maliki that day about his retirement plans, it was immediately apparent that he was not contemplating stepping down. Instead, he claimed there had been massive election fraud and that the Mujahideen al-Khalq, an Iranian opposition group locked away in eastern Iraq’s Diyala province, had used satellites to tamper with the computers used to tally the voting results—even though the computers were not connected to the Internet and thousands of election observers had monitored the voting. But Maliki’s advisers had told him he would win big with more than a hundred seats, so he demanded a recount. Maliki was becoming scary.",1
2348,Obama gets away with some whoppers on guns at town hall event,"President Obama’s appearance at a town hall meeting Thursday night on “Guns in America” was an orchestrated performance by invitation only. But event, hosted by CNN at George Mason University, saw anchor Anderson Cooper continually surprise the president.

Cooper demonstrated a deft command of the facts related to the gun issue and that came through with his guests and in his questions—though, as the evening unfolded, he continually let the president get away with untruths about his past positions.

Surprisingly, both sides of the issue were present in the small room—though, judging by audience applause, most were anti-gun-freedom.

Some of the moments were unintentionally revealing.

Cooper began by asking President Obama if he’d ever owned a gun. Mr. Obama sat up in surprise and said “no.” But, after a search for words, the president said he shoots skeet sometimes at Camp David before adding that he’s not much “of a marksman.” When he said that anyone who enjoys the shotgun sports knew he must not have shot skeet much, as “marksmanship” is a term used for target shooting, not by those who shoot skeet, trap or sporting clays.

When Cooper shifted the discussion to why the president chose to use executive actions on the gun issue, instead of working with Congress, Cooper asked the president if he would meet with the NRA. The president said, “I’m happy to meet with the NRA,” but as he said it he had this snarky smile on his face that would have been more fitting on one of his late show appearances.

Now, CNN says they invited President Obama to this live “town hall” on guns at George Mason University and that they later invited the NRA. The NRA, however, said they’d rather not play along with a “public relations spectacle orchestrated by the White House.”

The National Shooting Sports Foundation (NSSF), the trade association for firearms manufacturers, also declined an invitation. Larry Keane, senior vice president and general counsel to the NSSF, told me, “We declined the invitation because it is a White House-orchestrated made-for-TV event and not an opportunity for a genuine dialogue or an effort to find common ground. We remain disappointed that the president has chosen to demagogue the issue for political purposes instead of providing real leadership like working to advance Rep. Tim Murphy’s bipartisan legislation to address the issue of mental health, which is the common denominator in mass shootings.”

Given Obama’s—and CNN’s—attacks on the NRA and gun manufacturers in general, it is hard to blame them for passing on the invitation, but in retrospect Cooper might have made them wish they were there to help keep President Obama squirming.

As squirm he did—with the facts and in his seat.

Taya Kyle, the wife of the late “American Sniper” Chris Kyle, was the first person Cooper called on. Kyle recently won a gun competition using the latest in sniper technology. She is a confident straight shooter. She pointed out that while the murder rate is at an all-time low, gun ownership is at an all time high. And then she asked, “Why not celebrate who we are?”

President Obama began shifting on his stool and searching for words to lawyer his way out of these basic facts. He finally pointed out that national trends don’t necessarily hold true in all locales, but he never had to answer why the areas with the strictest gun controls tend to have the highest murder rates.

There was also a rape survivor, Kimberly Corban, who, when called on said, “I have been unspeakably vandalized once already” before asking why she shouldn’t be able to carry a gun to protect herself.

President Obama was really uncomfortable then. He began back peddling and said his current executive actions won’t interfere with her right to carry a gun. But he never had to explain that he has supported bans on concealed-carry permits.

President Obama also repeatedly said that people can “just go on the Internet and buy whatever weapon they want.” But he was never forced to explain that any gun bought from a dealer over the Internet has to be sent to a local dealer that by law has to perform a background check before they can transfer the gun.

Later, Cooper actually did challenge President Obama by breaking in and asking “is it fair to call it a conspiracy” that people think he wants to take their guns away. “Yes, it is fair to call it a conspiracy,” said President Obama, who then claimed that he isn’t plotting take peoples’ guns away.

But Cooper didn’t force the president to address his advocacy for a renewed “assault weapons” ban, or for his administration’s public desire to use black lists, such as the no-fly list, to take away citizens’ Second Amendment rights without giving them even the basics of due process.

There were other questions that took President Obama aback, such as when Sheriff Paul Babue pushed Obama on how his proposals wouldn’t solve recent mass shootings. Cooper even broke in to say that “none of the guns used in recent mass shootings, I should point out, were purchased from legal dealers.”

President Obama didn’t have a clear answer to say why he isn’t swayed by these facts. He meandered before saying, “The young man who killed those children in Newtown didn’t have a criminal record but he had access to an arsenal.” He referred to an attack in China where a person attacked people with a knife and said “the vast majority survived because he wasn’t wielding a semiautomatic.”

Again, Cooper allowed President Obama to escape an obvious allusion to the fact that he would like to ban semiautomatic firearms.

The president was also allowed to get away with a big lie on “smart-guns.”

President Obama said, “[Smart Gun technology] has not been developed primarily because it has been blocked by the NRA” and firearms manufacturers.

Cooper didn’t challenge this point and instead called on a person in the audience, which changed the topic.

Nevertheless, this is a clear and provable fabrication by President Obama. As I detail, with interviews with many gun makers, law makers and gun experts in my book “The Future of the Gun,” the NRA and the NSSF, to name two pro-Second Amendment groups, have statements on their websites saying they are not opposed to “smart-gun” technology. All the manufacturers, the NRA leadership and more, point to laws that seek to mandate smart-gun technology—regulations previously backed by the Obama administration—that are what is impeding smart-gun development. Even “60 Minutes” noted this, and pointed out a New Jersey law on the books that would do this, in a recent report.

President Obama said early on in the town hall event that “people occupy different realities.”

Anyone who watched CNN’s “Guns in America” was certainly left with the conclusion that in Obama’s chosen reality he wishes he could, with a stroke of his pen, pass European-style gun controls in America.

Frank Miniter is the author of The Future of the Gun"" (Regnery 2014) a book that gets to the basis of the gun issue. He is also the author of the New York Times Bestseller ""The Ultimate Man’s Survival Guide"" (Regnery April 14, 2009).",1
3753,Doubts Rise Over Report Freddie Gray Injured Himself,"The Washington Post reported on Wednesday night that a prisoner who was in the van with Gray allegedly told investigators he could hear Gray ""banging against the walls"" of the police vehicle, and said he believed Gray was ""intentionally trying to injure himself,"" according to a document written by a Baltimore police investigator.

“We have reported for some time that by the time that prisoner is loaded into that van, Freddie Gray was unresponsive. Secondly we have no medical evidence that Freddie Gray suffered any injury that would indicate that he had injured himself,” Miller told MSNBC's Chris Hayes on Wednesday night.

Gray was only in the van with the second prisoner for the final five minutes of the ride, Miller told Lawrence O’Donnell on Wednesday evening. There is “no evidence [Gray was] banging [his] head against van,” Miller tweeted. Jane Cook, an attorney for the Gray family, called the report “speculation” as she had seen no evidence supporting it.

""We disagree with any implication that Freddie Gray severed his own spinal cord,"" Downs said. ""We question the accuracy of the police reports we’ve seen thus far, including the police report that says Mr. Gray was arrested without force or incident.""

While the timeline of Gray’s arrest remains incomplete, Baltimore Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said that before the second prisoner was loaded into the van, an officer had to “pick [Gray] up off the floor and place him on the seat.” Police said he asked for medical attention at this point. He had earlier been placed in leg irons after an officer felt he was becoming ""irate,"" police said.

Another issue that arose from the Post’s report was the fact that the second prisoner was unable to see Gray, as he would have been separated by a metal partition in the van. The prisoner who allegedly gave the account is in jail, and the Post has not been able to reach him for comment.

The affidavit obtained by the Post was in an application for a search warrant seeking the seizure of the uniform worn by one of the officers involved in the episode with Gray. The document is part of the investigation into Gray’s death, and the police investigator who wrote it is unnamed.

As the Post notes, there is no other evidence supporting the purported claims of the second prisoner. There is no video of his time in the van either.

As MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow said on Wednesday night, the leak to the Washington Post is the first information we have seen of the investigation into Gray’s death. “Leaks like this always serve somebody’s purpose,” Maddow said, “We have no idea who gave this to the Post.”

Police have maintained that they do not know how Gray suffered the fatal injury, and have been joined in their investigation by the Justice Department. Police Commissioner Batts has admitted to mistakes in how Gray’s arrest was handled, saying he should have received medical attention and that he should have been secured while in the back of the police van.

Baltimore residents have been joined by others nationwide in their demands for answers of how what happened to Gray during and after his arrest on April 12 for a weapons charge. Gray was pinned down by the officers making the arrest, and then loaded into the police vehicle for transport while conscious. When he arrived at the station, a medic was called and Gray was taken to the hospital. He died a week later. Gray “gave up without the use of force, “ Baltimore Deputy Police Commissioner Jerry Rodriguez said. None of the six officers involved in the arrest described using force with Gray. A cell phone video showed officers dragging gray while handcuffed towards the police van. Video showed Gray on the ground conscious and talking, and police said he requested medical attention.",1
3383,State Department OK'd most Bill Clinton speech requests within days,"State Department officials under Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton moved quickly when aides to Bill Clinton asked them in March 2010 to approve plans for the former president to address clients of a multinational British bank, Barclays. Within four days, the department's ethics office signed off on the request -- as it did for hundreds of others from the former president during his wife's four-year tenure leading the agency.

Its standard response, fired off in a short memo: ""We have no objection.""

That decision remained unchanged even after the Justice Department announced just months later, in August 2010, that Barclays Bank agreed to pay nearly $300 million in penalties for violating financial sanctions against Iran, Cuba, Sudan, Libya and Burma. The long-running case had hardly been a secret: Barclays had openly acknowledged in its annual reports -- as recently as the same month as Clinton's 2010 request -- that it was under investigation by the Justice Department and others for sanctions violations, and it cautioned that the impact on its profits ""could be substantial.""

In November, the former president mingled with top Barclays executives and clients at a bank-sponsored question session in Singapore. A little more than two months later, he again joined Barclays officers and clients at an exclusive dinner in Davos, Switzerland. The two appearances for Barclays netted Bill Clinton $650,000.

During Hillary Clinton's tenure as the top U.S. diplomat, lawyers and other ethics officials in the State Department's Office of the Legal Adviser gave near-blanket approval to at least 330 requests for Bill Clinton's appearance at speeches, dinners and events both in the U.S. and around the globe. More than 220 paid events earned the family nearly $50 million, according to a review of State Department documents and Hillary Clinton's financial disclosure forms by The Associated Press.

Now, as Hillary Clinton moves forward with her presidential campaign, the ease with which her husband was repeatedly cleared to address companies and governments around the world highlights potential ethical complications that are likely to intensify if she becomes the country's next president.

""It's politically going to be very treacherous,"" said Jan Baran, head of the government ethics group at Washington law firm Wiley Rein LLP, who served as general counsel to the Republican National Committee. ""It just becomes controversy all the time.""

The potential ""first dude"" has said he intends to continue accepting speaking fees during the presidential campaign.

""I got to pay our bills,"" he said in an interview with NBC's ""Today Show"" last week.

Taken together, the State Department and financial disclosure documents show the agency sped through Bill Clinton's steady stream of requests for events while rarely raising concerns about potential conflicts. At the same time, the agency's ethics office, which had primary responsibility for the decisions, was hobbled by ""strained program operations,"" according to a 2012 report by the U.S. Office of Government Ethics, the government's top ethics agency.

State Department ethics officials gave quick approval, for example, for the two Barclays appearances and events paid by other international banks under legal scrutiny. Bill Clinton's $200,000 appearance in Florida for British-based HSBC in 2011 was cleared despite an ongoing federal money-laundering investigation that led to a 2012 settlement with prosecutors.

Five U.S. events in 2011 and 2012 earned the former president $840,000 from the wealth management unit of UBS Bank less than two years after the Swiss bank had acknowledged a massive tax evasion scheme aiding American clients and paid $780 million in penalties. The banks declined to comment about their dealings with the former president.

The State Department also green-lighted requests by foreign governments to hire the former president for events, despite potential complications for his wife's diplomacy at the time and for a future Hillary Clinton presidency. Similar concerns about foreign influence have been raised about the millions of dollars donated by foreign governments over the past decade to the Clinton Foundation, the Clinton family's global charity.

The former president was paid $600,000 to appear at a government-sponsored event in the United Arab Emirates in December 2011. The State Department also approved a 2010 Clinton event in Bangkok co-sponsored by a Thai government energy ministry and state gas firm, but despite news coverage of the speech there is no record of payment in his wife's financial disclosure.  An aide to Bill Clinton said the Thai speech fee was donated to the Clinton Foundation.

Not all appearances were approved: A request for Clinton to speak in Shanghai in 2009 was rejected because of State Department hesitation that a prospective host might be an agent of the Chinese government. The former president's team withdrew the request.

The Clinton campaign declined to comment, referring questions to the State Department and Bill Clinton's private office.

State Department spokesman Jeff Rathke said last week the agency was not ""aware of any actions taken by Secretary Clinton that were influenced by donations to the Clinton Foundation or its offshoots or by speech honoraria and consultancies of former President Clinton."" Another spokesman, Alec Gerlach, declined to address specific cases such as the Barclays events.

The State Department's scrutiny, which went beyond the standard ethics requirements for all federal officials, was the result of a voluntary process agreed to by both Clintons to avoid ""even the appearance of a conflict of interest,"" according to a January 2009 memo sent by David Kendall, Bill Clinton's personal lawyer, to Jim Thessin, who oversaw the vetting in the State Department. Clinton's office agreed to provide the names of organizations hosting the former president at least 14 days before the event, according to the memo. Lawyers at the agency would then aim to complete their review within five days.

While most internal emails between State Department ethics officials about Bill Clinton's proposed appearances were redacted to protect internal legal considerations, snippets that survived the censoring depict a vetting process that appeared both strained by the workload and rushed by the former president's deadlines.

""This is overdue and our host needs a signed contract today,"" wrote Terry Krinvic, Clinton's director of scheduling, in a March 2, 2011, email to State Department officials.  A State Department official working on a speech request described herself in a February 2011 email as ""totally stressed out, but will do it this afternoon.""

In another memo from June 2010, an agency official dashed off a memo warning: ""URGENT RE: Clinton Foundation Issue."" The official told a State lawyer: ""I'd very much appreciate a turnaround this afternoon as former President Clinton is scheduled to arrive in Tanzania tomorrow and (diplomatic) Post needs to run out these details."" The issue, not identified in the redaction, was left unresolved overnight. ""Former POTUS Clinton is on the ground in Tanzania,"" the agency lawyer wrote the next morning. ""We need guidance fairly urgently to still be relevant."" The censored emails do not indicate whether the State officials resolved the issue in time. POTUS means ""president of the United States.""

As State Department officials processed Clinton's event requests in September 2012, the Office of Government Ethics warned that the State Department's office ""has extremely limited capacity to respond to the increased demands on its program."" It said it was ""concerned about the lack of compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements in the areas of financial disclosure, annual training and ethics agreements.""

Gerlach, the State Department spokesman, said the department's review of former President Clinton's speeches and consultancies was not within the scope of the review by the government-wide ethics agency.

A former senior State Department official familiar with the vetting process in the early months of Hillary Clinton's tenure as secretary of state described the department as often shut out from both relevant internal department information and ongoing investigations at other federal agencies that might have aided their reviews. The former official spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the department's ethics work.

On all sides, the process involved lawyers with long ties to the Clinton family -- and each other. Cheryl Mills was Hillary Clinton's chief of staff at the State Department and was frequently included on the other end of emails during the State Department review of the requests. Mills was a former White House deputy counsel who collaborated with Kendall on Bill Clinton's impeachment legal defense before working for Hillary Clinton at the State Department.

Less than a month after Hillary Clinton was confirmed, a request to approve some of Bill Clinton's proposed private consulting work was sent by his long-time personal aide Doug Band, prompting Mills to prod the agency's deputy legal adviser to review the arrangement. Approval for the former president to enter into a consultancy arrangement with Band's corporate advisory firm, Teneo, came in 2011, allowing Clinton to offer ""services regarding geopolitical, economic and social trends"" for three years.

Only a handful of proposed arrangements appear to have been rejected. A consulting contract with Saban Capital Group Inc., a firm headed by major Clinton donor Haim Saban, was rejected because of what the State Department deemed Saban's active involvement in foreign affairs, particularly the Middle East.

Two other consulting contracts -- one with longtime friend Steve Bing's Shangri-La Industries and another with Wasserman Investments GP -- raised no such concerns. A corporate entity for Wasserman Investments GP could not be found, but California's Wasserman Media group is run by entertainment and sports executive and Democratic donor Casey Wasserman.

On Thursday, Saban hosted a fundraiser for Hillary Clinton's campaign at his Beverly Hills home, raising at least $1.2 million from 450 attendees.

Occasionally, the agency offered guidance to avoid a clear conflict. In the case of White & Case, an international law firm based in New York, a department lawyer signed off on the speech but noted for ""situational awareness"" that the firm was representing the 1979 U.S. hostages seeking damages from Iran -- a case the State Department was trying to have dismissed. ""We think it would be best to avoid being drawn into any discussion of the litigation,"" the lawyer wrote.

Bill Clinton's November 2010 appearance for Barclays in Singapore was one example of the potential for conflict posed by the frenetic stream of requests.

In March 2010, Krinvic forwarded a Clinton proposal to appear at two bank events, a Barclays Asia Forum in Singapore in November and Barclays dinner in Davos in January 2011. In Singapore, the plans called for Clinton to speak during a moderated question-and-answer session before 650 Asian investors and pose for photos. In Davos, Clinton would attend a similar session before 20 Barclays senior executives and 140 clients and their spouses.

Thessin replied on March 23, telling Krinvic that ""we have no objection.""

It was widely known by then that Barclays was under investigation by federal prosecutors for repeated illegal transactions with banks in Iran, Libya, Cuba, Sudan and Burma and for violating U.S. financial sanctions against those governments.

Barclays had voluntarily disclosed four illegal banking transactions to federal and New York financial authorities in 2006. That led to an internal inquiry by the bank and investigations by federal and New York state prosecutors. The scrutiny resulted in Barclays' acknowledgement in federal court in August 2010 that it had violated U.S. sanctions. The bank also agreed to cooperate with the government under a deal that deferred prosecution for two years under supervision of a federal judge. Barclays agreed to pay $298 million in fines.

The same week in November 2010 that Barclays' lawyers submitted a status report to the trial judge overseeing their case, Bill Clinton appeared at the Barclays forum in Singapore and mingled with clients who also attended a golf tournament sponsored by the bank. There is no documentation in State Department files whether officials had reconsidered their approval after Barclays acknowledged violating U.S. laws. Barclays declined to comment about Clinton's appearances or the investigation.

""People admire the way he can take complex issues and break them down for a global audience,"" Barclays Plc CEO Robert Diamond said in an interview with Bloomberg News two days after Clinton addressed bank clients in Davos.

While the Treasury Department administers oversees the administration of U.S. financial sanctions, the State Department has its own Office of Economic Sanctions Policy, which is responsible for developing foreign policy-related sanctions to counter threats to national security.

The criminal case against Barclays also noted that the presidential orders for sanctions against Iran were authorized by the treasury secretary in consultation with the secretary of state.

While the State Department's lawyers concluded that most of Clinton's speeches did not violate foreign policy interests, some of his appearances could pose political risk for his wife's presidential bid by giving Republican opponents an opening to depict the couple as beholden to powerful interests.

Over a three-day period in November 2011, the Swedish telecom company Ericsson paid $750,000 for Clinton to address industry leaders in Hong Kong; Chinese executives paid $550,000 for a speech in Shanghai; and he made $260,000 addressing the annual meeting of HCL, an Indian outsourcing giant, at Disney World in Orlando, Florida. His total haul: $1.56 million.

While the former president traveled the world, efforts to assure the ethics of his itineraries bounced around the State Department. A request to speak at a climate change summit organized by an Abu Dhabi government environmental group prompted an email to the UAE desk officer asking whether ""potential affiliation with it by high-level officials"" would pose ""any harm to foreign policy."" The response: ""No concerns here."" Bill Clinton was paid $600,000 by the group, the Abu Dhabi Global Initiative.

When Clinton was invited to participate in the China Philanthropy Forum in November 2012, an event aimed at promoting Chinese charitable giving, the State Department raised concerns that the event's sponsor was an association made up of former and current senior Chinese government officials. ""We will need to further consider this one,"" it said.

Clinton eventually spoke at the forum's annual conference -- nine months after his wife left office.",1
574,No profit left behind,Argentine president Mauricio Macri's office rebutting a report from an Argentinian journalist that set off waves in the American media.,1
2667,Think Facebook isn't political? Think again | Nellie Bowles,"There’s a conceit that says everything at Facebook is run by data, not people. And we prefer it that way.

For the site’s billion users, believing there’s no human puppet master behind the scenes makes its growing control over life more palatable. It’s just a clever machine, reflecting our desires better and better with every interaction, right? For news producers, we have to believe that the platform treats everyone equally: that it’s a publisher not an editor.

In retrospect, this was always naive.

A conservative whistleblower at Facebook yesterday claimed in a report that the influential “trending news” tab was deliberately biased toward liberal news – something the social network denies.

“I’d come on shift and I’d discover that CPAC [Conservative Political Action Conference] or Mitt Romney or Glenn Beck or popular conservative topics wouldn’t be trending because either the curator didn’t recognize the news topic or it was like they had a bias against Ted Cruz,” the former news curator told the tech blog Gizmodo.

Silicon Valley loves using the word algorithm to cover the word judgment, but any platform built by humans is always political. The engineers building the products want to skew them toward “quality” content, but it’s hard to determine what quality is, exactly, without making a choice influenced by values.

When I read suggestions that Facebook might be skewing its trending bar, my first reaction, as a San Francisco liberal, was to be slightly pleased (any help we can get against Trump, right?). But what if the tables were turned? 



“I wonder what the psychological effects of it are,” said Vince Coglianese, editor of the conservative news site The Daily Caller. “Millions of Facebook users now have no idea that the things they’re concerned about are the concerns of a lot of people. It’s scary to think Facebook’s intentionally isolating vast swaths of the country.”

Facebook’s in a tricky spot because curation is necessary. Truly viral news content tends to be terrible. The front page of Reddit’s ‘”hot” section, an imperfect but useful barometer for the viral stories of the day, currently has headlines like: “Chameleon unsure bug is food or not” and “These condoms are around 60 years old. (found in my basement)”. Meanwhile my Facebook trending bar has: “Federal Trade Commission: Judge Rules Against Agency’s Bid to Block Health Care Systems Merger”. It’s probably fair to assume that the FTC news was not going as viral as that old condom, but a Facebook employee decided it was more important.

Facebook is the dominant player in the media today. As news websites lose relevance to readers who find content socially, and as stories are published directly onto Facebook as Instant articles, the company’s power will only grow. To turn Facebook’s trending bar into a Reddit page is not the answer. But Facebook has to be more honest about how it operates as an editor.

“Just be transparent about how the words on the screen are getting there,” Coglianese said.

If there’s one thing Silicon Valley loves more than the conceit of an amoral algorithm, it is secrecy. And as a social network with a newsfeed of vacation pictures, Facebook could get away with being secretive about their curation.

As the most powerful publisher and now editor in the world today, Facebook owes it to its billion users to be clear about how the site plans on distributing news.

",1
39,"Here’s how a wealthy Trump supporter could give $783,400 to support his campaign and the RNC","Word of warning: The following story contains math.

For the past six years, there's been one fundamental principle governing our otherwise freewheeling campaign finance system: Donations to candidates and parties were strictly capped, while contributions to super PACs and other independent group could soar to previously unimaginable amounts.

That's beginning to change, thanks to legal changes in 2014 that have dramatically altered how the national parties are fundraising for this year's general election, as we wrote today.

The new rules allow political parties to take in huge checks from rich supporters for jumbo joint-fundraising committees, made up of dozens of accounts linked together. So while the law caps annual donations to national parties at $33,400 a year, the reality is that those who can afford it can end up shelling out as much as 33 times that amount.

[Trump’s deal with the RNC shows how big money is flowing back to the parties]

Hillary Clinton was the first presidential candidate to take advantage of loosened restrictions, setting up a so-called ""victory fund"" with the Democratic National Committee and an unheard-of 32 state parties in the fall. A wealthy supporter can give up to $356,100 *annually* to the Hillary Victory Fund. By establishing the fund last year, Clinton and the DNC were able to hit up rich donors twice: once in 2015 and once in 2016.

The victory fund that Donald Trump created with Republican National Committee this week can take in a larger annual amount, but just this year: $449,400. The joint fundraising committee currently only includes 11 states, a number that could expand, raising the possibility that the maximum contribution could grow even larger.

And wait, there are even more ways to give! Both the DNC and RNC have rolled out expensive packages for their biggest backers that come with perks like access to top officials and premium convention passes. To reach the highest donor tier, supporters are being asked to fund new convention, legal and headquarters accounts that Congress created in 2014.

Put all this together, and major donors can end up giving  six- and seven-figures to the national parties this cycle. Here's how the math works:

Meanwhile, the top RNC donor tier asks for $668,000 in 2015-16 cycle per individual:

Total possible give for one person in 2015-16: $668,000 (top RNC donor tier) + $115,400 (Trump Victory minus previously given RNC donations) = $783,400

A DNC donor could end up exceeding $1 million this cycle, thanks to Clinton's decision to set up her victory fund a year early and bring on so many state parties.

An individual can give the Hillary Victory Fund $356,100 a year ($712,200 for the cycle):

Meanwhile, the top DNC convention donor convention package asks for $467,600 in the 2015-16 cycle per individual:

Total possible give for one person in 2015-16: $712,200 (Hillary Victory Fund) + $400,800 (convention package minus previously given DNC general account donations) = $1.113 million per cycle",1
4612,"Go Ahead, Throw Your Vote Away","I recently had a pleasant encounter with a great and outspoken American who, despite his libertarian leanings, supports Hillary Clinton for president. I congratulated him on making a tough call but allowed as how I was looking forward to casting my ballot for the Libertarian Party's flag bearers, Gary Johnson and William Weld. ""It will be unadulterated pleasure,"" I offered, ""as there is no opportunity cost.""

My correspondent fired back: ""Opportunity cost is Trump gets elected.""

Here's where the curious nature of the American Electoral College comes in handy. Even where my vote—or the votes of my 100 closest, most easily influenced ""inner circle""—might swing an election, there is simply no real chance that pushing either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton over the top in South Carolina, where I live, will determine the outcome of the presidential race. If Hillary wobbles to victory in my current state of residence, she would have already demolished The Donald in the Electoral College. Similarly, in Maryland (where our family lived until 2014), a squeaker for Mr. Trump would indicate that Ms. Clinton had been vanquished in a yuuuuuge landslide elsewhere.

Now, it is extremely unlikely that any one person's vote will rock even one state's electoral outcome. In the closest state presidential election of the last half-century—New Mexico (no, not Florida) in 2000—the final margin for Al Gore came to 366. And even that did not swing the national prize.

But set those slim odds of individual influence at the state level off to one (long-shot) side. Assuming that you live in a red or blue, and not a purple, state, you swing completely out of the loop. In its most recent election forecast, the prediction site FiveThirtyEight estimates that there is a 17.9 percent chance that Florida will decide the election (putting one of the candidates ""over the top""). Next in line are Ohio and Pennsylvania, where the chances are 11.5 percent each, followed by Michigan at 8.7 percent and Wisconsin at 6.2 percent. When you account for North Carolina, Virginia, Colorado, Minnesota, Georgia, Nevada, and Iowa, you've eliminated all the states with as much as an estimated 2 percent chance to determine the outcome. Multiply that by the probability that one's own vote can throw one's state from Hillary to Donald or back, and the prospect that your vote will crown the next chief of state is neatly forecast as equal to 0.0.

This safe harbor protects 67 percent of U.S. population, that portion living beyond the aforementioned swing states. This logic is not lost on the general public, which tends to vote for third parties more often in ""one-party"" states.

Citizens realize that they are not trekking to the polls to cast the deciding national vote but to do their patriotic duty, taking pride in affixing an ""I Voted!"" sticker to their lapels and relishing the thought of canceling out some barbarian's vote (or their spouse's). But why not go commando and check the ballot for a person you'd actually prefer to see as president? In most states, the Electoral College makes this a guilt-free option.

Consequential outcomes from individual presidential votes are so unlikely that Americans cast their chief of state endorsements while investing far less in research about their choice than the investigative effort they sink to select a smartphone data plan or their next Pokemon Go venue. This is straightforward: Decisions that affect actual results generally invite more attention than those that do not. It is called ""rational ignorance.""

In another sense, it's liberating. Because your one tally will not change the nation's fate, you can afford to exercise your judgment worry-free. You are not at fault if Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton should win. Meanwhile, you will have indulged your conscience.

It is often said that voting third party is ""throwing your vote away."" It would be more accurate to say that living in a non-swing state is throwing your vote away. One tactic to recapture some modicum of vote value is to pad the total for an upstart candidate. Moreover, you might help (if modestly) to put the system on notice that the Big Two political party choices are being rejected. Even when the minor parties do not elect a president, they can thus wield power. The classic example is the Socialist Party, which garnered a paltry 880,000 votes in the 1932 election, barely 2 percent of the total cast, but over the course of the decade saw significant pieces of its platform co-opted by the New Deal. Within years, versions of the party's proposals for Social Security, a minimum wage, and large-scale public works were law.

In this year's campaign, I am insulated from liability by the Electoral College. And the presidential festivities, in my view, feature two highly undesirable major party candidates. The Founders have spared me from having to precisely calibrate my coefficient of disgust. Voting for Libertarians who have an exceedingly slim chance of victory will be the least complicated choice I will make—until Saturday's Pokemon Go selections are available.",1
3169,RNC Chair urges against changing convention rules before Cleveland,"WASHINGTON — Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus is urging his colleagues not to recommend any changes to convention rules, leaving it to the convention delegates to address controversies swirling around the party's nominating process.

As drafted for the 2012 Republican convention, the RNC rules would limit the number of candidates who can be considered for the nomination at the convention. Only Donald Trump and Ted Cruz would qualify under the existing rules, but there have been a variety of suggestions for changing the rules to allow other candidates to be considered at the July Republican convention. Ohio Gov. John Kasich would need a rules change to win the nomination.

The RNC rules committee will meet this week in Florida, but Priebus said on CNN's State of the Union that he is urging rules committee members not to tinker with the convention rules.

""I don't think that it's a good idea for us next week - before the convention - to make serious rules changes or recommendations of changes right now,"" Priebus said. ""I think we are in a politically charges environment, I think its too complicated, I think that the RNC rules committee going forward with making rules amendment suggestions — it is not a good idea.""

Priebus emphasized that the convention will have its own rules committee that will propose rules for the convention and the full convention must vote to adopt the rules. The RNC ""can't actually change anything. Its up to the delegates at the convention. So the recommendations I think just confuse people, I think its a bad idea and the environment, I think, is not conducive to it.""",1
4969,Donald Trump and the $12.7 million Ukraine connection,"Donald Trump’s campaign manager, Paul Manafort, is linked to an undisclosed $12.7 million in campaign contributions from his previous work as political consultant.

Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump gives a thumbs up as his campaign manager Paul Manafort (c.) and daughter Ivanka (r.) look on during Mr. Trump's walk through at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, July 21, 2016.

Following the recent alleged infiltration of the Democratic National Committee servers by Russian hackers, as well as the then ensuing though now-redacted statement by Donald Trump that Russian hackers should help find Hillary Clinton’s missing emails, has raised questions about the Republican presidential nominee and his relationship with Russia.

Those questions are now further complicated by the revelation of a secret ledger that allegedly connects Mr. Trump's campaign chairman and $12.7 million in undisclosed payments from his previous employer, the deposed former president of Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych, who is currently exiled in Russia.

Paul Manafort, Trump's campaign chief spent the years from 2007 to 2012 working as a political consultant for the former ruling Party of Regions in Ukraine, where the party leader and the former President Yanukovych allegedly relied heavily on advice from Mr. Manafort until the president was forced into exile in Russia. He left after a popular uprising in 2014 – an uprising largely assumed to be conducted in opposition to Mr. Yanukovych and his government's close ties to Russia.

According to the Ukrainian National Anti-Corruption Bureau, which has obtained the ledgers, the records involve nearly 400 pages of handwritten figures, including some $12.7 million in undisclosed contributions designated for Manafort specifically, paid by the Party of Regions. The Bureau stated that Manafort’s name appeared 22 times over the span of five years, though the nature of the payments were not made clear.

""Paul Manafort is among those names on the list of so-called 'black accounts of the Party of Regions,' which the detectives of the National Anti-Corruption Bureau of Ukraine are investigating,"" the Anti-Corruption Bureau said in a public statement quoted in The New York Times. ""We emphasize that the presence of P. Manafort’s name in the list does not mean that he actually got the money, because the signatures that appear in the column of recipients could belong to other people.""

Manafort’s lawyer has stated specifically that he did not receive any cash payments. But the Clinton campaign is raising questions about the nature of the payments as well as the consistently complicated and opaque relationship between Manafort’s current employer, Donald Trump, and Vanukovych’s close ally, Russia President Vladimir Putin.

Yanukovych, who initially disappeared following the 2014 uprising, had previously been accused of corruption and cronyism and even served a short stint on an Interpol wanted list for alleged embezzlement and financial wrongdoing. His palatial estate outside of Kiev made international news when, after his flight, protestors discovered the opulence he had been living in while the country was wracked with political turmoil.

While employed by Yanukovych, Manafort never registered as a foreign agent with the United States Justice Department, something that would be required for anyone looking to influence American policy on behalf of a foreign client, something for which one of Manafort’s subcontractors did register. Though it is unclear whether Manafort's actions in Ukraine would have required such registration, doing so would have required he disclose how much he was being paid and by whom during his period abroad – information that may now be available because of the discovery of secret ledgers once held in an office at the former Party of Regions headquarters in Kiev.

On Monday, Trump is expected to declare an end to nation building if he's elected president. In a speech in Ohio, his aides say Trump will outline his approach of ""foreign policy realism"" – a focus on destroying the Islamic State group and other terrorist organizations.

Trump is expected to argue the country needs to work with anyone that shares that mission, regardless of other disagreements.",1
2630,Obama Will Not Meet with Netanyahu During Trip to Washington,"President Barack Obama will not meet with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu when he travels to Washington in March, the White House said Thursday, one day after being caught off-guard by Republicans' invitation for the Israeli leader to address a joint session of Congress.

Spokeswoman Bernadette Meehan said that in keeping with ""long-standing practice and principle,"" the president does not meet with heads of state or candidates in close proximity to their elections.

""Accordingly, the president will not be meeting with Prime Minister Netanyahu because of the proximity to the Israeli election, which is just two weeks after his planned address to the U.S. Congress,"" Meehan said.

Netanyahu is scheduled to speak to Congress on March 3 and will push for additional sanctions on Iran. He was initially scheduled to address lawmakers in February, but the date was changed so that it could coincide with Netanyahu's trip to Washington to address an annual conference held by AIPAC, the pro-Israel lobby group, in early March.

The invitation was a coordinated effort by House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., with staff discussions beginning last year, according to a senior Republican aide, who spoke only on condition of anonymity because he wasn't authorized to publicly discuss the private talks.

Boehner contacted the Israeli ambassador on Jan. 8 to assess Netanyahu's interest and received a positive response. The GOP leaders reached out to the Israelis without consulting with the White House or State Department, a move that appeared likely to deepen the White House's already tense relations with congressional Republicans as well as the Israeli leader.

Obama has been urging Republicans, as well as some members of his own party, to hold off on passing new Iran sanctions legislation while the U.S. and international partners are in the midst of nuclear negotiations with the Islamic republic. Last week, British Prime Minister David Cameron said he had been making a similar case to U.S. lawmakers.

White House chief of staff Denis McDonough said Thursday that the nuclear negotiations were at a delicate phase.

""We ought to give some time and space for that to work,"" he said.

Netanyahu stands to gain politically at home from the U.S. visit. He is in a tough fight to win re-election in Israel's upcoming March vote. Netanyahu's Likud Party is running behind the main opposition group headed by Yitzhak Herzog's Labor Party, which has been highlighting rancor in the country's critical relationship with the United States.

House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said it was inappropriate for Boehner to invite Netanyahu to address Congress in the shadow of the election and give the appearance of endorsing the prime minister.

""If that's the purpose of Prime Minister Netanyahu's visit two weeks before his own election, right in the midst of our negotiations, I just don't think it's appropriate and helpful,"" Pelosi said.",1
4295,The media needs to stop telling this lie about Donald Trump. I’m a Sanders supporter — and value honesty,"Back in June, I first saw Mr. Trump announcing his candidacy for president. What he said about unauthorized immigrants seemed ridiculous so I laughed. I showed the video to friends, and I laughed again. His words were poorly chosen.

But something worse happened. People interpreted Trump’s words in the most awful and offensive ways.

In one of my courses, at the University of Texas at Austin, I asked my students: “What has Donald Trump said that you found most offensive?” One student raised her hand high: “He said that all Mexicans are rapists.” I asked a coworker the same question. He replied: “He said that all Mexican immigrants are rapists.”

I explained that Trump said no such thing. This is what Trump said:

You might well dislike Trump’s words. I did. But let’s not make it worse. He did not say that all Mexicans are rapists. Yet that’s what many commentators did. For example, Politico misquoted Trump by omitting his phrase about “good people.” They said he was “demonizing Mexicans as rapists.” They argued that Mexicans do not really commit more rapes in the U.S. than whites. But that’s not what Trump claimed.

Similarly, other news sources misrepresented his words in offensive ways:

Compare such words with Trump’s words. Which is worse? Writers excerpted the phrase: “they’re rapists,” as if it were about all Mexican unauthorized immigrants, or worse, about all Mexican immigrants, or even worst, about all Mexicans. But that’s not what he said. That’s not what he meant. It was just a remark about some of the criminals crossing the border.

The trick for misrepresenting Trump’s words can be used against anyone.

For example, on October 7, at a Democratic debate, Hillary Clinton answered the question: “Which enemy are you most proud of?” She replied: “In addition to the NRA, um, the health insurance companies, the drug companies, um, the Iranians.”

If you do to her what the media did to Trump, then you should believe that Hillary Clinton is proud to be the enemy of 77 million citizens of Iran, plus millions more living outside Iran, including mothers, children, and disabled people. But that’s not what she meant.

On November 6, at the MSNBC Democratic Candidates Forum, Bernie Sanders said: “we have to pass a constitutional amendment that everyone in America who is 18 years old or older is registered to vote.” He said everyone. Someone might then write: “He proposed that everyone who is in the U.S. should vote, everyone who is 18, even illegal immigrants, tourists, and terrorists.” But that’s not what he meant.

It is no wonder that many people think the media is grossly dishonest. No wonder Mr. Trump’s critiques of the media make his followers cheer.

Trump was discussing crimes committed by unauthorized immigrants. Is it true that some people who illegally cross the border from Mexico are good? Yes. Is it true that some others commit crimes? Yes. Is that a problem? People disagree. Some conjecture that unauthorized immigrants don’t commit more crimes than U.S. citizens. But crimes by unauthorized immigrants, even murders, would not have happened if those individuals had not entered the U.S.

Time for a disclosure. I was born and raised in Puerto Rico. Spanish is my first language. I voted for Obama. I live in liberal Austin, Texas, where I work as a tenured professor of history. I’ve never voted for a Republican. My preferred candidate for U.S. president would be Elizabeth Warren. Since she is not running, my preferred candidate is Bernie Sanders.

Anyhow, discussions about illegal immigration are ruined by lack of data. I asked my friends, university faculty: “How many people do you think are deported per year in the U.S.?”

There are two kinds of deportations: some are caught near the border and “returned,” others are “removed” by a court order. Consider the border patrol agents, personnel, the bureaucracy, the lawyers, the resources needed to find people and deport them. How many were deported in 2014?

One of my friends guessed 3,000. Another guessed 10,000. Another guessed 50,000—which would really be a lot of people, imagine.

Actually, in fiscal year 2014, the U.S. deported a total of 893,238 foreigners! That’s a huge number. It includes 577,295 deported by the Department of Homeland Security, plus 315,943 deported by Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Among the latter, 2,802 were classified as suspected or confirmed gang members.

Since 1990, the average is 1.2 million deportations per year. The highest in U.S. history was 1.86 million foreigners deported in the year 2000. That’s astonishing.

How many were criminals?

We don’t know because most criminals are not caught. Plus, many who are accused are not convicted because of a lack of evidence. Still, in 2014, the U.S. deported 177,960 convicted criminals. Surprisingly, 91,037 were already convicted criminals before they even entered the U.S.

At the University of Texas at Austin, the football stadium can seat 100,119 people. I have seen it full. I’ve see more than 100,000 people at once—it’s an incredible sight. It’s a staggering swarm of people. I have seen them yelling all at once.

It is utterly astonishing to me that this stadium would fail to seat all the convicted criminals deported in a single year. Back to Mr. Trump. Did he unfairly single out Mexicans when complaining about crimes by unauthorized immigrants? By far, most Mexicans are good people. However, since Mexico shares a large frontier with the U.S., and many Mexicans face economic hardships, most of the reported illegal immigration into the U.S. is from Mexico. Accordingly, in recent years roughly 76% of criminal unauthorized immigrants are from Mexico. What kinds of crime? It is strangely difficult to find national statistics on homicides, sexual assaults, and thefts, by unauthorized immigrants. But there is relevant data for some states. The Texas Department of Public Safety identified 207,076 foreign aliens who were booked into Texas county jails from October 2008 through August 1, 2014. Their term “foreign aliens” includes both foreigners who are in Texas legally and foreigners who entered illegally. They were accused of 357,884 crimes in those 70 months, including these charges: 4,413 terroristic threats, 60,973 robberies and larcenies, 6,636 vehicle thefts, 78,682 assaults, 12,869 sexual assaults and offenses, 1,113 kidnapping, and 3,089 homicides. That includes, an average of 1,383 charges of sexual assaults per year, in Texas alone. The real number of rapes and sexual assaults is larger since many victims do not report these crimes. According to the National Crime and Victimization Survey, 2008-2012, approximately 68% of sexual assault crimes are not reported. So I estimate that foreigners commit roughly 4,000 sexual assaults in Texas each year. In Texas, roughly 529 foreigners per year were accused of committing murder. Plus, the FBI reports that 36% of homicides nationwide remain unsolved. These crime rates are staggering and offensive. None of the women and men who were killed in by unauthorized immigrants in Texas would have died if the murderers had not entered the U.S. illegally. These are not just words. Pause for a moment to think about a Texas woman whose husband was murdered one night. Think about parents who never saw their son again because he was murdered. Think of the thousands of families standing at the cemeteries. I’ve only summarized murders and sexual assaults. Consider drugs and drug violence. According to the Drug Enforcement Administration, most illegal drugs come from Mexico, including most cocaine and heroine. Most methamphetamines also are smuggled from Mexico. The 2015 National Drug Threat Survey finds that methamphetamines are the drugs that most contribute to property crimes and violent crimes. You get the point. There are tremendous problems of drugs, murders, and rapes caused at the porous border. Without knowing the data, it was easy to be offended by Mr. Trump’s crude words when he announced his candidacy. However, seeing the data above, I understand his concerns. Here’s what Trump said right after his words quoted above: “And it only makes common sense, it only makes common sense: they’re sending us not the right people, and it’s coming from more than Mexico, it’s coming from all over South and Latin America, and it’s coming probably, probably from the Middle East. But we don’t know because we have no protection, and we have no competence. We don’t know what’s happening. And it’s gotta stop. And it’s gotta stop fast.” We can disagree about some points. Is the Mexican government really sending criminals to the U.S.? On July 5, Trump said: “The Mexican Government is forcing their most unwanted people into the United States. They are, in many cases, criminals, drug dealers, rapists, etc.” This claim might be false if Mexico does not intentionally send criminals to the US. At its best, this statement seems plausible if Trump meant that conditions generated in Mexico by its government lead some criminals to the U.S. In any case, Trump proposes to secure the southern border by implementing various security measures. His most recurring proposal is to build a wall, along areas of the border lacking natural barriers. His proposal has been widely criticized. Some people construed it as a sign of racism, xenophobia, etc. However, I can understand why many of Trump’s followers actually cheer: “Build the Wall! Build the Wall!” First, there are the worries about murders, drugs, crimes, and terrorism. Presently, countless many unauthorized immigrants walk into the country, unchecked. In fiscal year 2014, the Border Patrol made 468,407 apprehensions along the southwest border. By comparison, the Border Patrol only made 18,244 apprehensions in all other regions. But one point sticks in my mind. Namely this: there already exist a long series of fences and walls between Mexico and the U.S. These fences and walls span parts of California, Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas. As of early 2012, the Department of Homeland Security had completed 652 miles of fences and walls. Trump did not build all that. It was mandated by Congress. Walls are common along many countries’ borders, such as Spain, China, France, Greece, Pakistan, Israel, etc. The border between the U.S. and Mexico spans roughly 1,950 miles. Trump wants a wall that will be 1,000 miles long, including areas already covered. I’m not trying to convince you about a wall. My point is just that it’s neither impossible nor ridiculous. A main reason why many border areas have fences instead of walls is just that walls are more expensive. Trump says that everyone who didn’t enter the U.S. legally should return to their countries. “They have to go.” We might well disagree. But his view is closer to Immigration law. If you prefer amnesty then lawmakers have to create a law to that effect. Trump insists: “I want people to come in, but they have to come in legally.” Regardless, countless many people think that Trump is racist against Mexicans. I suggest that anyone who thinks that should count how many times Trump has praised Mexicans. Most unauthorized immigrants are good people. But still, the media wrongly blamed Mr. Trump for their own misrepresentations.",1
374,"Do Democrats Want What Bernie Wants, Or Just What Bernie Has?","Do Democrats Want What Bernie Wants, Or Just What Bernie Has?

For some weeks now, as Bernie Sanders has extended his remarkable and improbable run as a presidential candidate, people have been asking: ""What does Bernie want?""

That question is a distant echo of ""What does Jesse want?"" a relic of the 1988 runner-up candidacy of Jesse Jackson, another ""outsider"" challenger with a dedicated hardcore following. But more about Jackson in a moment.

This week, the question took a different form. After a rowdy convention in Nevada prompted death threats against that state party chair, the question suddenly became: ""Are the Democrats coming apart?""

Uniting for the fall has always been an issue for both parties. But this year, it was supposed to be the Republicans, with their 17 candidates and their frustrated #NeverTrump rearguard action, who broke up over their differences.

Now, it's working out quite differently. So we hear again that old nostrum: ""Democrats want to fall in love, Republicans want to fall in line."" A remarkable number of Republicans have accepted, if not embraced, Donald Trump as their nominee. But a large contingent of Democrats continue to feel the Bern, or at least remain very much out of love with Hillary Clinton.

Which brings us to this past weekend, which proved that sometimes what happens in Vegas does not stay in Vegas.

The ""Nevada fracas"" has created a media meme and a conversational focus for the conflict roiling the Democratic Party. That is because it encapsulates the grievances felt on both sides.

Sanders supporters see that some of their number were not seated in Las Vegas and see evidence that the system is rigged against them. Clinton supporters hear the epithets hurled at women on that stage, including the state party chair and Sen. Barbara Boxer, and perceive evidence of something else.

Others will adjudicate what happened in Las Vegas, where both candidates' camps seem to think they were entitled to a majority of delegates. (Although Clinton won the initial round of caucuses back in February, Sanders had the upper hand in an intermediate round at the county level on April 2.)

One camp wanted an open process; the other wanted respect for the rules. A voice vote was gaveled to a conclusion despite an uncertain outcome, which is bound to cause trouble. But in the end, the party chair herself has come to seem the principal victim — ""more sinned against than sinning"" — because of extreme phone and online harassment.

Nevada's convention seems to have been an egregious case, an outlier. In other states where actual delegates are chosen in several phases, regular order has been followed without a similar outburst.

But exceptions to the rule often make news. And in this case, cable TV and social media have endlessly repeated the raucous video shot at the convention and the toxic harassment that followed. As Nevada became a national story, Sanders was pressured to respond.

The candidate has condemned violence generically, but has not apologized for his backers. Instead, Sanders and his retinue have denied responsibility for what happened and doubled down on their long-simmering resentments against Democratic Party officials.

They say the entire process has been rigged against them, even parts that have been in place for decades. And the implicit message has been: Treat us fairly or expect there to be consequences. When this message is combined with Sanders' vow this week to ""carry our fight to the convention,"" it darkens the portents for the national convention in Philadelphia.

So what does Bernie want?

Let's start with the obvious: He wants to be nominated and elected. That's understood. Every candidate has a perfect right to continue fighting until the last ballot is cast, as Sanders vows to do.

But even if he wins California, and several other states on June 7, Sanders would need vertiginous victory margins to win enough delegates to close the pledged delegate gap with Clinton. (The Democrats divide delegates proportionally according to the popular vote, which is just about as democratic a method as you can imagine.)

So Sanders' one path is to persuade superdelegates to prefer him over Clinton, even though they currently prefer Clinton by more than 10-1. (The only superdelegate to flip so far deserted Sanders for the front-runner.)

Sanders and his spokespersons say superdelegates should now ignore the overall vote and the pledged delegate totals and look at how much better Sanders does against Trump in hypothetical November matchups.

The only problem is that hypothetical tests six months before the election are notoriously unreliable. Just ask President Perot.

Moreover, many of the poll respondents who create this November differential right now are Sanders supporters who say they will shift to Trump in November. The likelihood of their actually doing so is problematic, given past experience with disgruntled backers of other candidates who fell short. (The most recent example would be the Clinton backers in 2008 who swore they would not vote for the man who beat her, Barack Obama, but wound up doing so in the fall.)

So the ""path to the nomination"" for Sanders is not just uphill, it is essentially vertical.

So what else might Sanders want?

No one seems to think Sanders wants to be vice president or have any other role in a Clinton administration. He would return to the Senate, where he would be in a wholly new weight class of political influence.

But he clearly wants to make a difference, to alter how the Democrats go forward in the fall campaign and beyond.

And that is what the Clinton camp must manage. It is entirely possible that the Democratic convention in Philadelphia this July will vote to change party rules, shrinking the number of superdelegates or requiring them to follow the voting results in their states.

It is also possible, if less likely, that the party would agree to allow more independents a role in its nominating process (although this would still depend on the will of the various states).

Sanders supporters will also strive to make the party platform more progressive, raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour and expanding Medicare to cover people of all ages and perhaps calling for free tuition at public colleges. (The platform already calls for much of Sanders' program regarding the campaign finance system and other issues.)

This might fall far short of the ""political revolution"" Sanders says his campaign is about. But it could still matter. And it could still point the party toward a far more progressive future.

That is one way in which the 1988 precedent is relevant. Jesse Jackson arrived in Atlanta with about 30 percent of the delegates (not nearly as many as Sanders will have this summer). At the time, it was easily the best showing for an African-American presidential candidate. And although Jackson was not going to be nominated (Massachusetts Gov. Michael Dukakis had a first-ballot majority), his message of racial and economic inclusion was popular and powerful within the party's base.

The Dukakis forces recognized this and turned the proceedings over to Jackson on the second night of the convention. Thousands of Jackson supporters jammed the arena while delegates, alternates and journalists waited outside — unable to enter. Jackson gave an hourlong oration on the theme of common ground, a siege gun speaking for unity.

Jackson did his part in the fall, helping Dukakis carry nearly 90 percent of the black vote and 70 percent of the then-minuscule Hispanic vote. Unfortunately for Dukakis, minority voters cast only about one ballot in seven in 1988.

But by 2012, the share of the vote cast by people of color had nearly doubled. That stunning growth has turned a dozen states that were red in 1988 to blue in 2012 (California, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Michigan, New Jersey, Virginia, Maryland, New Mexico, Connecticut, New Hampshire, Delaware and Vermont).

The same demographic trends have made Florida, Ohio and Colorado toss-ups in presidential elections. All had been solidly Republican in 1988.

Sanders' hard base is not among minorities, of course, but among younger voters. His success has been built on winning three-fourths or even more of the voters under age 30. That is a group Clinton will need in the fall just as much as Dukakis needed Jackson's base in 1988.

Sanders may not want a Jackson-style prime-time convention session all his own. He might be willing to settle for platform and rules revisions that would validate his campaign. But if he wants a Bernie night in Philadelphia when he can bring his political revolution to life — even for a few hours — it might be a small price to pay for peace.",1
4345,Is Hillary Running for Bill’s Third Term?,"When Hillary Clinton announces her candidacy on Sunday, the Republicans will no doubt redouble their efforts to make the case that a vote for Hillary is a vote for Barack Obama’s third term—and the GOP believes no one wants that, for Pete’s sake. Clinton’s campaign, by contrast, will almost certainly make a very different case: If they vote for her, Americans will be getting something far closer to Bill Clinton’s third term.

Tying her husband’s administration to her candidacy, Hillary Clinton has started to focus her language and her speeches on the continued struggles of the vast American middle class to adjust to a changed and still-changing economic landscape. That has ranged from addressing inequality of opportunity to less mobility to what she has called the “outrage that so many women are still paid less than men for the same work.”

In comments she has made over the past year or so, she has portrayed the 1990s as a template for sound economic policies—even when compared with the record of the Republican Party’s modern-day hero, Ronald Reagan. “If you want a better future that is going to be reliant on making smart economic policies, compare my husband’s eight years with Ronald Reagan’s eight years—23 million new jobs, more than seven million people lifted out of poverty,” Clinton told PBS last June. At another point last year she declared in a speech:  “The 1990s taught us that even in the face of difficult long-term economic trends, it’s possible through smart policies and sound investments to enjoy broad-based growth and shared prosperity.” The eight years that followed her husband’s presidency, she said, showed how bad policy could turn budget surpluses into deficits and ""what happens when your only policy prescription is to cut taxes for the wealthy.""

Given how widespread today’s economic concerns are, a new iteration of “It’s still the economy, stupid” could be a sound foundation for a successful campaign—one that creates just enough distance on the economy between Obama and Clinton (who, after all, spent her entire tenure in the Obama administration working on foreign policy). Even so, Clinton faces multiple challenges separate from those of her own making: the implied comparison between the economy of the 1990s and the utterly fuzzy nature of our economic world today defies easy characterization. How she threads those issues will likely determine her the outcome of her second quest for the White House.

Twenty-four years ago, Bill Clinton campaigned to fix an ailing economy that had seen massive layoffs in manufacturing in the recession of 1991. He assailed then President George H.W. Bush for ignoring the suffering of the middle class. His campaign moniker, “It’s the economy, stupid,” helped propel him to victory over a sitting president.

The situation today is arguably better than it was in 1991-1992, with the unemployment rate averaging 6.8 percent in 1991 and 7.5 percent in 1992 versus 5.5 percent over the past months. The end of the Cold War, the disintegration of the Soviet Union and the resounding American sense of triumph in those years, as well as victory in the war to evict Iraq from Kuwait, also placed the United States in a far stronger position internationally, though that is more clear in retrospect than it was just then, when uncertainty about international chaos lent an air of unease.

But even though today looks statistically better than the early 1990s, the national mood is arguably worse, though mood gauges are the softest of soft statistics. Jobs numbers as well don’t adequately account for the much lower participation rate of American workers, with a smaller percentage of Americans working (nearly 67 percent then versus about 62 percent now). More important, and hence the reason for Hillary’s focus on the middle class, wages have barely budged since the early 1990s for the vast majority of workers.

In contrast to the early Republican message that government has impeded the progress of the average American, the Clinton campaign looks to stress how government in conjunction with individual initiatives and businesses can help boost opportunities. The subliminal (or maybe not so) implication is that is just what happened throughout the eight years the other Clinton was president.

It is undeniably true that between 1993 and 2000, the United States experienced a boom in both employment and economic growth. Sentiment as measured by Gallup polls about satisfaction with the economy also improved greatly, with just 24 percent expressing satisfaction in 1992 compared with 69 percent in 2000. The prevailing buzz was that of an economy firing on all proverbial cylinders, boosted by information technologies that were enhancing worker productivity and by a Wall Street and equity boom that saw tens of millions of Americans trading hot-dot stocks that promised not just wealth but connectivity, peace and happiness.",1
2224,Bibi's victory is Kerry's defeat,"The election in 232 photos, 43 numbers and 131 quotes, from the two candidates at the center of it all.",1
4008,Trudeau Elected Canada's Prime Minister As Liberals Assume Power,"Canada's Liberal Party won a decisive majority of parliamentary seats Monday, ending nearly a decade of Conservative Party rule. Voters gave Liberals nearly 40 percent of the overall vote compared to the Conservatives' 32 percent. The left-leaning New Democrats had just over 19 percent of the vote.

Justin Trudeau, a 43-year-old former high school teacher and son of the late Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, assumes the office his father held from 1968 through 1984 with a short interruption.

The youthful Trudeau ran an election that was optimistic in tone, which he said led to his victory.

""We beat fear with hope,"" he said. ""We beat cynicism with hard work. We beat negative divisive politics with a positive vision that brings Canadians together. Most of all we defeated the idea that Canadians should be satisfied with less.""

The Associated Press notes the election results could strengthen ties between Canada and the U.S., at least for the remainder of the Obama administration:

Conservative Stephen Harper was one of the longest-serving Western leaders. Reporter Dan Karpenchuk in Toronto reports on his loss:

Trudeau's election gives Canada an approximation of a political dynasty. His father, also a Liberal, often drew comparisons with President John F. Kennedy. Justin Trudeau was born while his father was serving in office — in fact more than 40 years ago, then-President Richard Nixon predicted the 4-month-old Trudeau's future:

""Tonight we'll dispense with the formalities,"" he said at a state dinner in Ottawa. ""I'd like to toast the future prime minister of Canada: to Justin Pierre Trudeau.""",1
4897,What makes America 'exceptional'? Clinton and Trump trade places (+video),"Typically, 'American exceptionalism' has been a Republican talking point. But this election, it's Hillary Clinton, not Donald Trump who's touting the idea – even as young Americans increasingly question it.

Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton speaks at the American Legion's 98th Annual Convention at the Duke Energy Convention Center in Cincinnati Wednesday.

When Hillary Clinton spoke in front of a group of veterans on Wednesday, she invoked a concept that has long shaped how many conservative Americans have understood their country and its place within the world.

“If there is one core belief that has guided and inspired me every step of the way, it is this: The United States is an exceptional nation,” Mrs. Clinton told those gathered at the American Legion’s national convention in Cincinnati. “I believe we are still Lincoln’s ‘last best hope of earth,’ still Reagan’s ‘shining city on a hill,’ still Robert Kennedy’s ‘great, unselfish, compassionate country.’ ”

Such lofty talk of “American exceptionalism” has been woven into the nation’s DNA since the time of the Puritans, many scholars say. The United States, many believe, is a unique nation with a special, perhaps God-ordained role to play upon the global stage.

But within the crosscurrents of this topsy-turvy election cycle, the roles of the presidential candidates have flipped.

On Wednesday, Clinton spoke of the value of the American military, both to secure American interests abroad and to act as “the global force for freedom, justice, and human dignity.”

Meanwhile, Donald Trump has said the assumptions behind American exceptionalism are “insulting” to the rest of the world. “I don't like the term,” he said last year.

The reversal comes amid a deeper shift within the country itself. The rising generation of Millennials more often sees American exceptionalism as connected to ideals than to the exertion of its power, polls find.

“A new patriotism in American may be rising,” wrote Lynn Vavreck in The New York Times.

In the context of this election, however, Clinton’s more traditional speech “makes perfect sense,” says Mark Naison, professor of African American studies and history at Fordham University in New York.

She has just spent a month courting Republicans potentially alienated by Trump, after all.

In general, underlined her long-held hawkish positions on the use of the American military. The United States is not only an exceptional nation, she said, it is also indispensable nation as a force for good.

This is not a typical Democratic talking point.

“On the left and in most precincts of the Democratic Party, the word is used sneeringly, while Republicans embrace it enthusiastically,” says Jerald Podair, professor of history and American studies at Lawrence University in Appleton, Wis.

Indeed, Republicans explicitly trumpet American exceptionalism in their party platform.

The Republican nominee, however, has expressed the view of many liberals over the years. In 2013, after Russian President Vladimir Putin criticized President Obama’s use of the phrase “American exceptionalism,” Mr. Trump agreed, calling it “insulting” to the rest of the world.

Then in April last year, a month before he announced his candidacy, Trump repeated the critique, telling the Texas Patriots political action committee, a tea party group: “I don't want to say, ‘We're exceptional. We're more exceptional.’ Because essentially we're saying, ‘We're more outstanding than you…’ I don't like the term. I never liked it. When I see these politicians get up [and say], ‘the American exceptionalism’ ... I think, ‘You’re insulting the world.’ ”

Trump’s position has hints of the growing generational shift, but Millennial ideals appear to go deeper.

On the surface, Millennials report having fewer traditional notions of patriotism. Only 15 percent of 18 to 29 year olds describe the US as the greatest country in the world, while half of 30 to 64 year olds still make that claim.

Yet as the Monitor reported this week on San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick’s decision not to stand for the national anthem, many Millennials see the country’s “exceptionalism” in acts of questioning, and through a desire to fix its flaws.

This includes a vigorous critique of the idea of America as a special nation and a force for good in the world – especially by minority thinkers.

“American exceptionalism has its roots in the ideologies and genocidal practices of land conquest, from Manifest Destiny to the occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan,” says Dylan Rodriguez, a professor of ethnic studies at the University of California, Riverside, in an email. “Inseparable from the history of US white supremacist thought – which includes eugenics and the legal edifices of Jim Crow apartheid – this is an exceptionalism that nurtures a dynamically racist commitment to social Darwinism.”

Early in his tenure, Obama drew the ire of conservatives after he casually dismissed a question about American exceptionalism. “I believe in American exceptionalism, just as I suspect that the Brits believe in British exceptionalism and the Greeks believe in Greek exceptionalism,” he said in 2009.

But Obama now says he believes “in American exceptionalism with every fiber of my being” – though on new terms that echo Millennials’.

America’s exceptionalism is rooted in the history of American protests and battles for freedom, he says. In his speech for the 50th Anniversary of the Selma to Montgomery Marches last year, Obama gave a Whitmanesque litany, from “the hopeful strivers who cross the Rio Grande because we want our kids to know a better life,” to “the slaves who built the White House and the economy of the South,” and to “the countless laborers who laid rail, and raised skyscrapers, and organized for workers’ rights,” among others.

“That’s what it means to love America,” he said. “That’s what it means to believe in America. That’s what it means when we say America is exceptional.”

Clinton’s speech on Wednesday offered hints of that vision, though specifically as a means of contrasting herself with Trump.

“My opponent misses something important,” she told the veterans. “When we say America is exceptional, it doesn't mean that people from other places don't feel deep national pride, just like we do. It means that we recognize America's unique and unparalleled ability to be a force for peace and progress, a champion for freedom and opportunity.”

In that way, the idea of what makes America great could be a central campaign theme this November, says Professor Naison.

“This vision of the US, not only as a beacon of freedom for nations, but as a place where oppressed people might want to move to, is precisely the vision she wants to juxtapose to Donald Trump's vision of the US as a walled society cutting back on its global obligations.”",1
398,Hillary Clinton’s Countless Choices Could Hinge on 2016 Election,"For the moment, Mrs. Clinton may appear to be a figure of nearly limitless possibility, and her name has come up for prestigious jobs: president of Yale University, head of George Soros’s foundation. But being Hillary Clinton is never a simple matter, and her next few years are less a blank check than an equation with multiple variables. Her status is singular but complicated: half an ex-presidential partnership, a woman at the peak of her influence who will soon find herself without portfolio, and an instant presidential front-runner (a title that did not work out well last time).

Mrs. Clinton may find that her freedom comes with one huge constraint. The more serious she is about 2016, the less she can do — no frank, seen-it-all memoir; no clients, commissions or controversial positions that could prove problematic. She will be under heavy scrutiny even by Clinton standards, discovering what it means to be a supposedly private citizen in the age of Twitter. With the election four years away — a political eon — she will have to tend and protect her popularity, and she may find herself in a cushy kind of limbo, unable to make many decisions about her life until she makes the big one about another White House try.

“If you’re thinking about running for president, does that affect everything else?” asked former Gov. Mario M. Cuomo of New York, who once agonized over the same choice and whose son Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo may find his own prospects shaped by what Mrs. Clinton decides. “Yes. Once you make your decision, everything clears up.”

Still, Mrs. Clinton faces some immediate choices, which nearly two dozen current and former aides, friends and donors described:

¶ Should she team up with her husband again?

Last summer, Bill Clinton expressed doubt about whether his wife would join forces with him at the foundation that bears his name. “She has to decide what’s best for her,” he said in an interview. “It might be better for her and she might have a bigger impact if she has a separate operation.”

The question is a fraught one. The climactic moment of Mrs. Clinton’s career came in 2000, when after years of supporting her husband’s campaigns and jobs, she struck out as a solo artist. Would rejoining his team be a step backward? Many aides said no. “She’s revered and admired as her own person,” said Lissa Muscatine, her longtime adviser.

Still, some former aides said it was difficult to imagine Mrs. Clinton comfortable at the foundation in its current form. It is organized entirely around the former president, the endowment is small, and even supporters acknowledge that it lacks the organization of, say, the Gates Foundation. The group has made strides lately, with a new director of fund-raising and more involvement from Chelsea Clinton.

Mrs. Clinton could do a trial run there, “testing the structure,” as one former aide put it. That way, she would have a home for the longtime advisers who are expected to stay with her. And by joining her husband’s operation, she could save the considerable time, money and effort it would take to start her own — which might be disbanded anyway if she runs in 2016.

¶ Should she do what she wants or what makes the most political sense?

Of all the issues Mrs. Clinton has worked on over the years, the one nearest her heart is improving the status of women and children around the world. As the first lady of Arkansas, she brought Dr. Muhammad Yunus, later a Nobel Peace Prize winner, to set up a microlending program there. She turned her tenure as secretary of state into a sustained argument that women’s welfare is central to security and economic stability, championing projects like milk cooperatives in Malawi and support networks for self-employed women in India. Now her desire is to be “a professional advocate,” as her daughter put it to a reporter.

Ann Lewis, a longtime adviser, echoed that. “In the last four years, she has seen firsthand the difference she can make for women and girls,” she said.

But even if Mrs. Clinton returns full time to her activist feminist roots, it is not yet clear exactly where she would begin: the topic is diffuse by its very nature. Nor is a campaign for, say, safer cookstoves in China the obvious way to win over voters in Iowa — and her work could touch on issues, including reproductive health, that could prove sensitive.

But former aides say that Mrs. Clinton drew a lesson from her 2008 run: she believes that the country approves of her, and of female candidates in general, when they appear to be serving others rather than seeking power out of personal ambition. By that logic, Mrs. Clinton’s interest in helping poor women around the world would not hurt her politically in 2016 and might add to her current politician-above-politics luster.

Her former aides also agree that she was too cautious in the early months of her last campaign and hurt herself by hiding her real passions. Regardless of whether she runs, telling Mrs. Clinton not to focus on women would be like “telling Al Gore not to talk about the environment,” said Paul Begala, a longtime adviser to Mr. Clinton. (Mr. Gore did not always emphasize his knowledge on the subject in 2000, which later looked unwise.)

¶ What is the most dignified way for her to make money?

Being a Clinton is expensive, and when the former secretary leaves office, she’ll want a staff and the ability to travel on private planes, friends say. The Clintons — who already own costly homes in Washington and Chappaqua, N.Y. — love renting in the Hamptons in the summer, according to friends, and buying their own home there could easily run well into the seven figures. Though friends say Mrs. Clinton could easily make a lot of money at a law firm, advising foreign countries on geopolitical risk, or at an investment bank or a private equity firm, none of those pursuits would be likely to wear well in a presidential campaign.

Instead, Mrs. Clinton is expected to take on lucrative speaking engagements — maybe even joint speeches with her husband, which could command record prices — and write one or more books. After she lost in 2008, she was on the cusp of signing with her old publishing house, Simon & Schuster, for a book about her failed bid, for slightly less than the $8 million advance she earned for her 2003 memoir, “Living History,” according to someone involved in the negotiations. In meetings to discuss the book, that person recalled, she was quite critical of Mr. Obama. But then he drafted her for his Cabinet — and it is unclear if she will ever share her true feelings about that race.

¶ How should she navigate the nonstop speculation about 2016?

For her last presidential run, Mrs. Clinton declared her candidacy nearly two years before Election Day — but the timing did not feel right to her, because it made the race endless, say former aides who hint she would wait much longer if she made a bid again.

The enormously disciplined Mrs. Clinton has stuck to the same story in public and private: She’s not running. That is what she told Elie Wiesel, the Nobel laureate and an old friend, when she and her family dined with him recently, according to Mr. Wiesel. Others close to her emphasize that no one knows otherwise, not even Mrs. Clinton herself. “Be very wary of those pretending to bear actual knowledge,” said Philippe Reines, her State Department spokesman.

Bill Clinton, however, sometimes cannot keep himself from verbally gaming out another campaign for her, said a friend who recently spent time with him. “Every indication is that he would really want her to run,” the friend said.

The speculation is not without its advantages. If Mrs. Clinton is not running, she is a widely respected figure whose chief accomplishments are mostly behind her; if she may be running, she glows with White House and historic potential. “Nobody interacts with Hillary Clinton like she’s fading off into the sunset,” Mr. Reines said.",1
474,Wall Street Flies Higher for Second Day of Gains,"U.S. stocks rallied for a second day on Thursday, boosted by expectations the U.S. economy will continue to improve and by hopes for more aggressive action from the European Central Bank.

The S&P 500 added 3 percent over the last two sessions, retracing most of its 4.2 percent loss in the previous five trading days, leaving the index in positive territory for 2015. The Dow and Nasdaq also turned up for the year so far.

The advance was broad, with the S&P materials, energy and technology sectors each rising more than 2 percent, leading the day's gains.

Though slightly above expectations, initial claims for state unemployment benefits slipped from the prior week, pointing to a firming labor market ahead of Friday's key monthly payrolls report.

""We're at the point where the jobs reports have been coming in consistently in the 200,000 or 200,000-plus range. I think that just keeps the Fed on track for everything we're expecting,"" said Michael O'Rourke, chief market strategist at JonesTrading in Greenwich, Connecticut.

Also boosting sentiment, continued weak euro zone data has been lifting optimism that the European Central Bank will take more aggressive action.

U.S. crude oil, whose free-fall was among the catalysts for the recent selloff in stocks, gained for a second day, settling at $48.79 per barrel. The S&P energy index rose 2.2 percent.

Signs that oil prices may be stabilizing have boosted investor sentiment, although market analysts were still not ready to say prices had found a floor.

The Dow Jones industrial average rose 323.35 points, or 1.84 percent, to 17,907.87, the S&P 500 gained 36.24 points, or 1.79 percent, to 2,062.14 and the Nasdaq Composite added 85.72 points, or 1.84 percent, to 4,736.19.

The S&P 500's two-day gains were its biggest since the Dec. 17-18 Federal Reserve-fueled rally of 4.5 percent. Minutes from that December Fed meeting released Wednesday reassured investors the central bank was in no hurry to start raising interest rates.

The S&P also snapped back above its 50-day average, a technical support level it fell below on Monday.

""Weak hands are being forced to chase. There's a fear of missing out on the rally,"" O'Rourke said.

About 7.1 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, above the 6.7 billion average for the last five sessions, according to BATS Global Markets.

Biotechs were among the most active shares. Bind Therapeutics shares surged 37.1 percent to $7.06, a day after the company said it enrolled its first patient in a mid-stage trial for its lung cancer drug.

Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by 2,396 to 718, for a 3.34-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 2,048 issues rose and 702 fell, for a 2.92-to-1 ratio.

The S&P 500 posted 60 new 52-week highs and 8 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 88 new highs and 32 new lows.",1
2379,Alaska scrambles to prevent Obamacare collapse,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
1160,"The Daily 202: Ted Cruz might be the last, best hope for conservatives to stop Donald Trump after Super Tuesday","The Texas senator has suffered through a string of rough news cycles, from losing evangelicals to Donald Trump in South Carolina to firing his communications director and finishing behind Marco Rubio in Nevada.

[Get more must-read campaign news and analysis delivered directly to your email inbox with The Daily 202]

But Cruz finally caught a few big breaks last night, and he could now emerge (once again) as the best bet to stop Trump. He won his home state of Texas by 17 points (the day’s biggest delegate prize), the neighboring state of Oklahoma (in a surprise) and the caucuses in Alaska (underscoring his appeal to libertarians and in spite of Sarah Palin’s support for Trump). He lost Arkansas to Trump by just 2 points.

-- Rubio, meanwhile, had a very disappointing night and continues to not live up to his potential. He won only the Minnesota caucuses and wound up losing Virginia, which was fertile territory and where he campaigned hard.

Besides the obvious reality check that the Florida senator has won just one of the first 15 states (that’s a 1-14 record in football terms), he finished third yesterday behind Cruz in several states where he ought to have finished second, including Tennessee (where he had the backing of Gov. Bill Haslam and Sen. Lamar Alexander) and Massachusetts. Top Rubio campaign officials told donors before results came in yesterday that they might win outright in Arkansas and Oklahoma. He finished third in both of those places too.

Despite campaigning hard in Alabama over the weekend, Rubio only pulled in 18.7 percent. And he got a point less than that in Texas, where he campaigned and his team expected to do better. This means he fell beneath the 20 percent threshold to collect any delegates from those states. And it bears noting that, in several states, Democrats voted for Rubio to try embarrassing Trump.

-- Cruz today has far more delegates than Rubio, and he doesn’t have Gang of Eight baggage. He has well-funded super PACs. He’s invested in building organizations for the upcoming caucus states and to collect delegates from places like Guam and the Virgin Islands.

-- To be clear: On the day with the most delegates at stake, Trump won seven of 11 states. He romped in the Deep South while proving again that he’s not a regional candidate. His strongest performance actually came in Massachusetts, where he took 49 percent of the vote.

The Post’s Dan Balz declares that the window for stopping Trump has now ""closed almost completely."" He explains that the demoralized anti-Trump forces are very unlikely to agree upon a strategy to stop the New York billionaire. “There’s this fallacy that some small group can get together and decide the outcome of this,” former Utah Gov. Mike Leavitt told him. “That does not exist.”

That stipulated, Balz argues, “Cruz can now claim, with more credibility, the mantle of the true conservative in a conservative party against a front-runner with no clear ideology and views at odds with GOP orthodoxy.” Whether that’s enough to win in Northern states is an open question.

The Fix’s Chris Cillizza also declares Cruz a winner and Rubio a loser of the night: “Suddenly Cruz looks like the favorite to be the alternative to Trump. Plus, the votes between Tuesday and the March 15 primaries -- Louisiana, Kansas, etc. -- look like potential Cruz wins.""

The establishment loathes Cruz, but they may reconsider if faced with a binary choice between Trump and Cruz. ""Cruz is not my favorite by any means … but we may be in a position where we have to rally around Cruz as the only way to stop Trump. I’m not so sure that would work,"" Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) said on CBS. Asked if he would recommend rallying behind Cruz to stop Trump, Graham said yes. ""I can't believe I would say yes, but yes,"" he said.

-- By all accounts, the GOP field will stay scattered (which works to Trump’s advantage).

Kasich came within three points of winning Vermont. “We have absolutely exceeded expectations,” he said, promising to fight on in Michigan and Ohio.

Rubio, in Miami, claimed a late surge and predicted he’ll win Florida on March 15. His home state is winner take all. If he loses there, he’s done. Polls show him trailing, and it’s not a sure thing he can pull it out:

Ben Carson said he’s not ready to quit “quite yet,” which means he’ll continue to dilute the anti-Trump evangelical vote.

As Cruz himself correctly pointed out during his speech in Houston, “So long as the field remains divided, Donald Trump’s path to the nomination remains more likely.”

-- As of today, the Republican National Convention in Cleveland seems like the only place Trump can still be stopped:

-- Importantly, though, Cruz’s success is showing palpable signs of galvanizing not just his supporters, some of whom were thinking about jumping ship if he had a bad night, but other movement conservatives:

David Bossie, the president of the conservative advocacy group Citizens United, told David Weigel that it is now time for Rubio to end his campaign and let Cruz take Trump on.

Erick Erickson (formerly of RedState, now at The Resurgent): “It is time for Rubio, behind by double digits in his home state … to accept he will not be the nominee. It is time for Cruz to accept we need a unity ticket and for Rubio to agree to be Cruz’s Vice Presidential pick, uniting the outsider and insider factions of the party and stopping Trump in the process. The non-Trump faction has the delegates to stop Trump. But now there must be unity.”

Conservative Review’s Daniel Horowitz: “Cruz is the only one who can win back enough of the conservative voters Trump is winning … Rubio lacks the ability to make inroads to those voters, and many of Cruz’s voters would go to Trump instead of Rubio were Cruz to drop out. [The Florida senator] dominated the media coverage and endorsements for the entire week, yet he failed…”

Bill Kristol, the executive editor of the Weekly Standard, was a little more sanguine. “Cruz and Rubio together have won more votes and more delegates than Trump so far,"" he said. ""So they just have to combine. Simple. Cruz-Rubio 2016.”

For Democrats, the political revolution is not to be—

Hillary Clinton accelerated her march to the Democratic nomination. She swept the South, with the exception of Oklahoma (which has few delegates). After getting whooped in New Hampshire, she showed she can win in New England by carrying Massachusetts. It was the closest contest of the night on the Democratic side (she prevailed by a point), but a win is a win.

Bernie Sanders did not make the inroads he needed to among minority voters. None of the states with large African American and Latino populations were even close. HRC extinguished the Bern in Alabama (78-19), Arkansas (66-30), Georgia (71-28), Tennessee (66-32), Texas (65-33) and Virginia (64-35).

But, but, but: By winning four states, Sanders got a rationale to carry on. He prevailed in the Colorado and Minnesota caucuses, demonstrating that he can continue forcing Clinton to spend money and tack leftward. Speaking in his home state of Vermont, which he won handily, he pledged to stay in until all 50 states have voted. Delegates are awarded proportionally, so Sanders will still get some from the states where he got blown out. The Sanders campaign invited reporters to a “path forward” breakfast later this morning, where they’ll outline a theory of the case. By Saturday, the senator will campaign in Maine, Michigan, Nebraska, Kansas, Missouri, Illinois and Ohio. And he’ll have the money to stay in as long as he wants: he raised $42 million in February, including $6 million on Monday alone.

Still, all the pundits are calling the race for Clinton. “The Sanders challenge was doomed by a fatal flaw: Democrats aren’t as unhappy as he needed them to be,” Dana Milbank writes. While 89 percent of Republicans think we’re on the wrong track, only 34 percent of Democrats do.

Our exit poll in Virginia found that six in 10 Democratic voters wanted to continue Obama’s policies. Clinton won those voters by about 60 points, while Sanders held a 2-to-1 lead among those who wanted more liberal policies. “Experience” was the most desired quality. About a third of voters picked it as the most important attribute in choosing who to vote for, and Hillary won nine in 10 of them.

-- Every Republican incumbent with a primary challenge survived: Alabama Sen. Richard Shelby avoided a runoff by pulling 65 percent of the vote. So did GOP incumbent Reps. Martha Roby and Bradley Byrne, The Birmingham News reports. And, in Texas, House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady and Rules Committee Chairman Pete Sessions each easily won. (Kelsey Snell)

-- Rubio’s suburban strategy did pay some dividends. He came within 3 points of winning Virginia because of his strength in the suburbs outside D.C. and Richmond. “But Trump overwhelmed his competitors in more rural areas, including the Shenandoah Valley to the west and the Tidewater region in the south, and drew enough votes in the suburbs to emerge victorious,” Paul Schwartzman explains. “Trump was able to hold off Rubio in part because Kasich also took votes in Northern Virginia, including 16 percent in Fairfax City and 12 percent in Falls Church.”

From our Virginia exit poll: 55 percent of Republican voters said they would be dissatisfied with Trump becoming the party’s nominee. Those who made up their minds in the past week broke for Rubio over Trump (39-19). Trump won men by 10 points but lost women to Rubio by five points. Trump won voters who have no more than a high school diploma by 29 points. Rubio won Republicans with college degrees.

-- Ken Cuccinelli has relatively little juice in his home state: The former Virginia Attorney General, who nearly won the governorship in 2013, went all in for Cruz. He even showed up at a Rubio event on Sunday to criticize him, wandering around the press pen unstaffed. In the end, Cruz got just 17 percent. He even finished third among evangelicals (Trump got 37 percent to Rubio’s 28 percent and Cruz’s 19 percent.)

-- More record turnout numbers for Republicans: Four times as many voted in Virginia as in 2012 and more than twice as many as voted in 2008.

-- Trump tried to act like the presumptive nominee during a half-hour press conference: He painted Clinton as a D.C. insider and called himself a common-sense conservative. “I am a unifier,” he said. “When we unify, there’s nobody, nobody that’s going to beat us.”

But, in Trump’s always unorthodox fashion, the first-time candidate declared victory on his own terms. “There was no watch party with supporters,” Jenna Johnson notes. “No packed suburban hotel ballroom lined with televisions blaring results and commentary. No open bar, passed appetizers or themed drinks. No lengthy victory speech with his wife at his side. No balloons.” He still does not have a pollster or a speechwriter.

-- Hillary also focused her victory speech on the general, with an eye on Trump: “America never stopped being great,” she said in Miami. “We have to make America whole; we have to fill in what’s been hollowed out.” She added, “It’s clear tonight that the stakes of this election have never been higher. And the rhetoric we’re hearing on the other side has never been lower.” (In a taste of what the general election could feel like, Trump said during his speech that he thinks “Make America great again” has a much better ring to it than “Make America whole again.”)

THE MOST MEMORABLE MOMENT OF LAST NIGHT

Chris Christie's pained expression as Trump spoke totally dominated the online conversation. ""Christie spent the entire speech screaming wordlessly,"" Alexandra Petri writes. ""I have never seen someone scream so loudly without using his mouth before. It would have been remarkable if it had not been so terrifying. ... It was not a thousand-yard stare. That would understate the vast and impenetrable distance it encompassed. He looked as if he had seen a ghost and the ghost had made him watch Mufasa die again. He had the eyes of a man who has looked into the heart of light, the silence. A man who had seen the moment of his greatness flicker, and seen the eternal footman hold his coat, and snicker. In short, he looked afraid.""

Here's some reaction to a moment that will fuel the New Jersey governor's fall from grace with conservatives just as much as hugging Obama after Superstorm Sandy did:

WHILE YOU WERE SLEEPING:

Correction: this list has been updated to include a corrected version of item 14. The previous version said that Israeli troops were carrying out attacks in Palestianian areas using the Google-owned Waze app.

MORE ON THE REPUBLICAN RACE:

Trump was dealt a blow by the New York Supreme Court, which ruled that the $40 million fraud suit against Trump University could move forward, putting the case one step closer to a nasty public trial. (Emma Brown)

Former Jeb Bush communications director Tim Miller joined the anti-Trump super PAC Our Principles. (The Hill)

Rep. Scott Rigell (R-Va.), a retiring moderate whose district was decisively won by Trump, posted an open letter on a Virginia conservative blog yesterday promising not to vote for Trump. “My love for our country eclipses my loyalty to our party,” Rigell wrote, “and to live with a clear conscience I will not support a nominee so lacking in the judgment, temperament and character needed to be our nation’s commander-in-chief.”

Quote du jour, from historian Jon Meacham to Joe Scarborough (who has just signed on as a WaPo contributor): “Trump has managed to hijack an entire political party, and the pilots are asking why no one is on their side. The passengers are cheering for the guy who took over the plane.”

Tom DeLay said Trump would “tear the Republican party apart” and he would not back him should he win the nomination. “I think he’s very dangerous for the country, for the party,” said the former House Majority leader. Maybe The Hammer is not the most credible messenger?

Paul Ryan denounced Trump over David Duke, saying the GOP nominee must reject “any group or cause built on bigotry.” He did not, however, walk back his earlier promise to support the front-runner should he become the nominee. (Paul Kane)

…Trump, meanwhile, had an ultimatum of his own for the Speaker: “I’m going to get along with Paul Ryan,” said Trump. “And if I don’t, he’s going to have to pay a big price.”

A group of African American students escorted from a Trump rally in Georgia said they were “outraged” and claim, backed up by several witnesses, they were kicked out for no reason. (Lindsey Bever)

A state judge ruled Cruz can remain on the Illinois primary ballot, throwing out a complaint saying the senator’s Canadian birth disqualifies him from being president. Similar legal challenges have since been filed in Alabama, Texas and New York. (USA Today)

Kasich told Fox Business news there is “zero chance” he’ll consider being someone’s vice president.

Rand Paul said he will skip CPAC this year, focusing instead on upcoming caucuses in Kentucky. (David Weigel)

Bernie is on the cover of DOPE magazine (here's the story):

Meet the Press made a mistake with this one:

Ben Carson called for the candidates to meet and discuss the tone of the race:

Scott Walker started a weird meme, especially in the wake of Rubio mocking Trump for having small hands.

DPCC chair Steve Israel slammed nine House Republicans for voting against naming a post office after Maya Angelou:

Here are statements from two of the Republicans:

President Obama is excited to attend a baseball game in Cuba:

Finally, a throwback photo of Kasich's first visit to the Oval Office -- when he was a freshman at The Ohio State University:

GOOD READS FROM ELSEWHERE -- How last night's results are playing in the Super Tuesday states:

Boston Globe: “Voters across Massachusetts had turned out in high numbers, fueled perhaps by the unpredictable natures of the races in both parties … Clinton staved off an insurgent bid by Sanders. Among Democrats, however, Sanders’s progress here, from a distant second to Clinton last fall to Tuesday’s finish, was eyed as a key metric of his campaign’s durability.”

Montpelier Times-Argus: “Sanders swarmed Clinton in Vermont as voters ignored national trends … demolishing Clinton in just about every voting category. Experience didn’t help Clinton as much as an advantage on honesty helped Sanders.”

The Baxter (Ark.) Bulletin: “Early voter turnout doubled that of the 2012 election [as] Clinton defeated Sanders in the state where she served 12 years as first lady … Democratic Party Chairman Vince Insalaco said Arkansas could be winnable for Democrats if Clinton faces Trump in the general election, though Arkansas hasn't voted for a Democrat for president since 1996.”

Tuscaloosa (Ala.) News: “Trump and Clinton steamrolled to wins in Alabama as GOP voters lashed out at Washington insiders and Clinton capitalized on her support among African-American voters. Eight in 10 Alabama voters who said they want a candidate who ‘tells it like it is’ picked Trump … and Clinton won the support of 9 in 10 African-American voters.”

Richmond Times-Dispatch: “Trump’s march toward the Republican nomination did not slow as it came through Virginia as rural voters propelled the business mogul to a victory  … Virginia’s status as a centrist bellwether led many to believe it offered the best chance for the Republican establishment to lift Rubio to his first win. … Trump won military-rich Virginia Beach, Norfolk, Hampton, Chesapeake and Newport News … He was particularly dominant with Southwest and Southside Virginia.”

Minneapolis Star Tribune: “Sanders and Rubio won Minnesota's caucuses, as voters handed both a badly needed boost as they try to hold off the surging campaigns of Clinton and Trump.”

Denver Post: “Sanders surged to victory in the Colorado caucus, giving him some breathing room to continue his battle with Clinton.”

The Tennesseean: “With nearly all precincts reporting, Clinton enjoyed a more than 2-to-1 advantage over Sanders in the Volunteer State, with the liberal Vermont senator winning as few as three of the state's 95 counties. And Trump finished with 39 percent of the vote … spoiling last minute efforts from the GOP establishment to try and stop his rise. But their help came after a record 254,659 Tennesseans had already voted early in the state’s Republican primary — historic turnout that, following Tuesday’s results, was shown to be driven foremost by Trump.”

Norman Transcript: “Cruz regained some momentum with a victory in Oklahoma, and Sanders earned a sizable advantage over favorite Clinton … This year marked a more than 100 percent voter increase [in Oklahoma]… occurring mostly on the Democratic side.”

Alaska Dispatch News: “Cruz won Alaska’s Republican ‘Super Tuesday’ contest, edging out Trump who came into the contest with the endorsement of former Gov. Sarah Palin … GOP spokeswoman Suzanne Downing said in an email that volunteers manning polling sites were somewhat overwhelmed by the ‘unbelievable’ turnout.”

Atlanta Journal-Constitution: “Clinton’s victory in Georgia was another sign she has consolidated support of minority voters, a key constituency in the Democratic base. Support from African-Americans helped power her rout … Trump got the bulk of delegates up for grabs in Georgia, the second-biggest trove of the sweep of states.”

On the campaign trail: Several of the candidates are in Michigan. Here's the rundown:

At the White House: President Obama participates in an ambassador credentialing ceremony. Later, Obama welcomes the Alabama Crimson Tide to the White House to honor their championship title win.

On Capitol Hill: The Senate meets at 9:30 a.m. to work on the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. The House meets at noon for legislative business, with first votes on the Ensuring Access to Quality Medicaid Providers Act expected between 1:15 and 2:15 p.m.

NEWS YOU CAN USE IF YOU LIVE IN D.C.:

-- Remember that nice little break we had from winter weather? Well, the cold is coming back with a vengeance. The Capital Weather Gang: “After the overnight clouds and showers, skies turn partly to mostly sunny today, but gusty winds from the northwest bring in a blustery chill. Temperatures are mainly steady in the upper 30s to mid-40s through the day.”

-- D.C. mayor Muriel E. Bowser said she can no longer support the Pepco-Exelon plan, effectively killing a $6.8 billion merger that would have created the nation’s largest electricity utility. (Aaron C. Davis)

-- Maryland’s House Judiciary Committee is holding a hearing on a bill that eliminates criminal penalties for seven common narcotics, including cocaine, heroin and LSD. (Josh Hicks)

-- Maryland's Senate gave preliminary approval to a bill that could send adults to jail for letting underage teens drink. (Ovetta Wiggins and Josh Hicks)

-- So terrible: Fairfax county police are looking for a woman who stole a purse containing $10,000 cash – money that was to be used for a daughter’s college tuition. Maria Esteves, a maid who works 6-day weeks to put her children through college, says she hopes the woman will be identified by video footage. (Victoria St. Martin)

Bernie Sanders sang This Land is Your Land:

Here are three things the new Osama bin Laden documents reveal:",1
4753,'Understudies' Kaine and Pence add value in VP debate (+video),"In the first and only VP debate Tuesday night, Tim Kaine and Mike Pence made up for lost opportunities in the first presidential debate.

Democratic vice presidential nominee Senator Tim Kaine (l.) and Republican vice presidential nominee Governor Mike Pence discuss an issue during their vice presidential debate at Longwood University in Farmville, Va., on Oct. 4, 2016.

No vice presidential debate has ever swung a presidential race. And in 2016, with two larger-than-life characters at the top of the Republican and Democratic tickets, that truism will surely hold.

But on the biggest night of their political lives, Gov. Mike Pence (R) of Indiana and Sen. Tim Kaine (D) of Virginia still performed a valuable service for Republican Donald Trump and his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton. They advanced the story, lobbing fresh attacks on each other’s bosses and delving into policy differences.

For Governor Pence, the debate was a welcome opportunity to move beyond the worst week of the Trump campaign. Mr. Trump was widely seen as having lost to Mrs. Clinton last week in their first debate, and made matters worse by continuing for days to go after a former Miss Universe whom he had once mocked. Then The New York Times got hold of bits of an old Trump tax return.

Pence faced a barrage of incoming from Senator Kaine, and in many cases, declined to defend Trump. That, in fact, may have been the smart strategy. Otherwise, Pence might have spent the entire debate playing defense, responding to accusations about Trump’s taxes, admiration for Russian President Vladimir Putin, demeaning comments about women, and birtherism.

Instead, Pence deflected and ignored much of Kaine’s assault. When Kaine asked Pence why he wasn’t defending Trump, Pence replied, “I’m happy to defend him” – and then continued to not defend him on many of the points.

When Kaine accused Trump of running an “insult-driven” campaign, Pence ignored the vast catalog of evidence and turned the slam back on his opponent. “Ours is an insult-driven campaign?” Pence interjected, with mock incredulity.

Then he ran for daylight: What about Clinton calling half of Trump supporters a “basket of deplorables”? Pence countered.

It was a comeback that Trump had failed to make in his debate against Clinton – one of many missed opportunities that night. But one by one, Pence checked off those boxes, also raising the controversies around Clinton’s private email server and the family’s charitable foundation.

In a way, for Pence, it was a do-over debate – a way to score some points against Clinton that Trump failed to do last week, and show him how to keep his cool during a debate. (Clinton and Trump face off again on Oct. 9.)

And if Pence has his eye on 2020, as many observers suspect, he may well have helped himself. At the very least, Pence is now positioned to play a major role in helping the Republican Party pick up the pieces if Trump loses.

For Kaine, the debate was a chance to unload a torrent of sound bites against a Trump candidacy loaded with vulnerabilities. But he came in so aggressive, and interrupted so much, especially at first, that Pence was widely seen as winning on temperament – an important measure of whether a candidate is “presidential.”

Kaine got off some obviously rehearsed one-liners that may turn up in future Clinton campaign ads. More than once, he referred to Trump as the “you’re fired” candidate and Clinton, the “you’re hired” candidate. And he accused Trump of having a “personal Mount Rushmore” – President Putin, Kim Jong-un, Muammar Qaddafi, Saddam Hussein.

The tenor of the debate shifted markedly when the subject of faith came up. Both men are deeply religious – Kaine is Roman Catholic, Pence is a born-again Evangelical – and they spoke from the heart.

Moderator Elaine Quijano of CBS News asked each to discuss a time when faith conflicted with governing. Kaine spoke of his struggle, as governor of Virginia, with the death penalty, which he opposes.

“It was very, very difficult to allow executions to go forward, but in circumstances where I didn't feel like there was a case for clemency, I told Virginia voters I would uphold the law, and I did,” Kaine said.

Pence didn’t offer a similar example, and instead used the opportunity to speak on “the sanctity of life.” He also offered warm words for Kaine. “I have a great deal of respect for Senator Kaine's sincere faith. I truly do,” he said.

Pence then turned to the Clinton-Kaine ticket’s support for abortion rights, including so-called “partial-birth abortion” (which Kaine had, in fact, once opposed).

But it was a respectful critique. And in a campaign nearly devoid of discussion on issues that matter to religious conservatives, a crucial element of the Republican base, Pence surely in that moment did his ticket some good.",1
1824,Biden's Latest Signal He Won't Run For President,"Joe Biden doesn't sound like a man who's preparing for a grueling presidential campaign.

The vice president's latest remarks on a potential 2016 bid came Thursday night, questioning whether he has the ""emotional energy"" to run so soon after his eldest son, Beau, died from brain cancer in May.

For all the chatter and predictions of the past month that Biden was eagerly readying a run, the vice president has put forth a different face when he has spoken about a campaign. And it's one of a grieving father, a not-yet-healed family and someone who certainly doesn't sound mentally prepared for the emotional rigors of the campaign trail.

""I will be straightforward with you. The most relevant factor in my decision is whether my family and I have the emotional energy to run,"" Biden said in Atlanta, where he was speaking on the Iran nuclear deal. He was asked after his remarks about his intentions for a possible campaign. ""Some might think that is not appropriate. But unless I can go to my party and the American people and say that I am able to devote my whole heart and my whole soul to this endeavor, it would not be appropriate.""

Biden, 72, said there were other concerns, too — whether he can ramp up a competitive organization with such a late start, wooing donors and staff and building infrastructure in early states. But those weren't driving his decision.

""That's not the factor,"" a visibly drained Biden told the crowd in a Georgia synagogue. ""The factor is: Can I do it? Can my family undertake what is an arduous commitment that we'd be proud to undertake in ordinary circumstances? The honest-to-God answer is I just don't know.""

Biden is no stranger to tragedy, and he has soldiered on in the face of it before. Shortly after his election to the Senate in 1972, his wife and daughter were killed in a car accident and his two sons — Beau and Hunter — were badly injured. He had to be convinced to even take the oath of office, and he did, in the hospital beside his children.

The vice president referenced that first deep loss on Thursday night, but said he had learned ""there's no way to put a timetable on"" recovery from the scars.

""If I can reach that conclusion that we can do it in a fashion that would still make it viable, I would not hesitate to do it,"" Biden continued. ""But I have to be honest with you, and everyone who's come to me, I can't look you straight in the eye and say, 'Now I know I can do that.' That's as honest as I can be.""

This was an even more honest and raw assessment than Democratic insiders heard last week from Biden. On a closed conference call with the Democratic National Committee to sell the Iran deal, Biden again opened up about his presidential decision-making — and didn't sound any closer to pulling the trigger.

""If I were to announce to run,"" Biden said, ""I have to be able to commit to all of you that I would be able to give it my whole heart and my whole soul, and right now, both are pretty well banged up. ... I've given this a lot of thought and dealing internally with the family on how we do this.""

Multiple reports have said that Beau encouraged him to run before he died, and while the idea of a presidential campaign at that point may have seemed feasible, it's clear the elder Biden is still not ready — and there's no sign when he will be.

Unfortunately for the vice president, the clock is ticking. He initially said he would make an announcement by the end of the summer. The unofficial end is this Monday on Labor Day, but technically by that deadline he has until Sept. 22.

But it's actual deadlines that are important instead of symbolic ones. The first Democratic debate on Oct. 13 is on the horizon, and filing deadlines are approaching. It may be true that Hillary Clinton has stumbled, but it's insurgent Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, not Biden, who's been the beneficiary of those foibles.

Only someone with the name identification and built-in political advantages like Biden's could even make such a late play, and if he did pull the trigger, he would be a formidable candidate. He's the last wild card on either side before the 2016 field is crystallized. And a superPAC backing him, Draft Biden, has staffed up in recent weeks with notable hires and close Biden allies.

Biden may give a more direct answer next week, when he will appear on one of Stephen Colbert's first Late Show episodes on CBS. The more relaxed, comedy setting may be one where Biden feels more comfortable and more free to be frank.

But Biden has already been pretty transparent already — and all signs so far point to him not getting in.",1
1234,The Man Who Will Not Bow to Fearmongering,"While others try to brag their way to the Oval Office, one Republican has quietly, thoughtfully, paying attention to what matters.

BEAUFORT, S.C.  —  On Boundary Street leading into the city, Sgt. White’s Diner is just past the lights at the intersection of Ribault Road across from Municipal Court and alongside a vacant Bail Bonds office. Hours before the polls opened and people voted in the Republican primary here there was a steady stream of customers for the pit cooked barbecue chicken and barbecued ribs and, it seemed, more interest in what might happen over the long haul leading to November than who would win Saturday.

The woman behind the counter put Ms. Jenkins’s order in a bag and Ella Mae walked to her car parked in a lot alongside a Piggly Wiggly market that’s been out of business for some time. She spoke briefly about her husband’s disability due to being badly wounded nearly 50 years ago at a place called Quang Tri City in a country then called South Vietnam.

She said she had little interest in politics and paid hardly any attention to what the candidates were saying and that she would be happy when the campaign went to another state: “Then I can watch my shows without seein’ all these fools on my TV.”

In the sky above, two F-18 Hornets cut through a low ribbon of haze heading to Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort just up the road from Sgt White’s Diner. The noise and power of their engines filled the air but Ms. Jenkins never looked up because their appearance is part of daily life here, where the reality of America’s military, its cost and duties as well as its existence are the framework for so many proud families who are charged with paying the price for loose political rhetoric.

A few miles east, past the causeway above the Harbor River and down Malecon Drive, is the main gate at Marine Corps Recruit Depot East at Parris Island. Here the pine trees line much of the approach, some stretching 50 feet and higher and, then,  on the Island there are fewer of them and the wind, warm now in mid-February, meets no obstacles as it whips through the day fluttering flags on the buildings that house the young who someday will be asked to fight for the dreams of the old who send them to war.

Here, in South Carolina, memory is part of the cement of a culture rooted in service to the country. And here on Parris Island with roads named for bloodshed and lives lost in places like Chosin, Guadalcanal, Bataan and Quang Tri, the cheap chatter of candidates talking tough is merely muffled noise when measured against the drills and preparation of those who could be sent to places where polls and political ambition are meaningless. Here, the dreams and desires of those on the ballot live in a universe totally estranged from the future of the men and women who might one day face a bullet.

Listening to some of the Republican candidates for president is like eavesdropping on men trying to earn their letter sweater with worthless phrases: carpet bombing, crushing ISIS, as if words alone will accomplish the mission and the lives of those sent into the fight are merely an anonymous squadron of props used to advance a political agenda. The world is on fire, a dangerous place, and too many seeking to lead appear to be clueless or ignorant of what is required to keep the country secure.

In the harbor, Fort Sumter is a constant reminder of the first shots fired in the Civil War. And the distant echoes and impact of that war can sometimes still be felt in the air all these years later.

The USS Yorktown is also here at Patriots Point Naval Museum here. It was commissioned in 1943, named after the Yorktown sunk by Japanese at the Battle of Midway in June 1942. Today it is a museum and Friday night, hours before South Carolina voted, John Kasich, the governor of Ohio, came to talk to about 300 people who had gathered below deck.

Kasich is an interesting candidate. He knew his chances in a state dominated by evangelicals and anger were not great but he arrived with a smile on his face and a sound of contentment in his voice because it was not in him to feed the beast of those filled with rage and despairing of the future.

He stood on a stage with a huge American flag hanging behind him. He told the people he’d been at a Town Hall rally earlier in the day and could sense the worry that many have about the direction of the country and the frustration and failure of politics in Washington.

“I looked out in the crowd, looked at the faces in that room and I saw my family. Right there in the third row. Saw my family sitting there listening to me. Oh, they weren’t my family but I knew them. I know what worries them and I know what worries you but we live in the greatest country God ever created and we’re going to be even greater if we stop listening to all this doom and gloom we’re getting. I’m here to tell you we can do this, but we have to do it together. Together. All of us. Together.”

“I meet with them one on one,” Kasich was saying. “And I cry with them. I’m not embarrassed to tell you I cry. I just wish we’d pay more attention to what war costs and I wish more of us would talk about what it means to be Commander-in-Chief. That phrase is more than words. It’s the ultimate responsibility of a president. We’re cheating people by not talking enough about that role. Shame on us and shame on this process we have of electing a president the way we’re doing it now. We’re better than this and people deserve more than what they’re getting from us. From all of us.”",1
1256,The Destroyer Cometh,"Donald Trump is running riot in the GOP china shop and gleefully tearing the place up.

Consider the strength of Trump’s position: If he wins South Carolina by a big margin, he goes into Nevada with momentum, and the latest poll there has him leading by 26 points and pushing 50 percent. If he enters Super Tuesday a week later having won three out of the past three states — and with Cruz diminished by a South Carolina loss and Rubio having won nowhere — he could easily win, say, 10 contests that day.

It might still be possible to beat Trump at that point if the field is narrowed (states don’t become winner-take-all until March 15), but doing so would involve wrestling to the ground a candidate who will have cut a formidable swath through the first month of the nomination battle.

Even now, it's hard to imagine a happy outcome for the party from the three likeliest scenarios:

— If Trump wins the nomination outright, many Republican voters may stay home, and senators and members of the House up for reelection will probably scurry their own way, seeking cover from the loose cannon of a nominee.

It is certainly possible that Trump will prove a better general election candidate than expected, just as he has proved a much more potent candidate in the primary than nearly anyone thought (and he will presumably be facing a very weak Hillary Clinton). But it is also likely that the general public will be less enamored or forgiving of those qualities in Trump that have charmed or at least not bothered a plurality of the Republican electorate — the lack of political experience, the foul mouth, the constant psychodrama, the spotty business record. Surely, the first Democratic ads against him will portray him as a “vulture capitalist” like Mitt Romney, except without the manners.

— If Trump is dragged to an open convention and leads in delegates, but falls short of a majority, and is denied the nomination, there will be a bloodbath. Trump will make Andrew Jackson’s angry cry of a “corrupt bargain” after Old Hickory lost the presidency in the House of Representatives in 1824 — despite leading in popular and electoral votes — look like a measured, cool-headed response. Trump will stomp off, and no doubt take a lot of his supporters with him.

— If Trump is beaten prior to a convention, it will presumably require an all-out war against the mogul. Well-heeled Republican donors will have to pour money into an thermonuclear advertising campaign to destroy his image. The party will have to rally around a Trump alternative, doing everything in its power to bolster him and tear down Trump. Such an effort will no doubt strike Trump as “unfair,” and he will do all he can to delegitimize it and find targets to sue over it. Needless to say, none of this would be conducive to keeping Trump voters inside the Republican tent.

Has any political party ever had a candidate who is such a wrecking ball, and who isn’t a fringe candidate, but a dominant one?

The Republican front-runner is threatening to sue one of his challengers, Ted Cruz (who is now daring Trump to file suit and saying he would relish the prospect of himself questioning Trump under oath — this is really happening). The Republican front-runner thinks the last Republican president was guilty of impeachable offenses and lied the country into war. The Republican front-runner routinely attacks his own party for its perfidy — he claims the Iowa caucuses were stolen from him and the debate audiences are stacked against him — and insults his competitors in the harshest, most personal terms.

We’ve grown used to how Trump has treated Jeb Bush in the debates, but that doesn’t make it any less appalling a breach of political norms or basic decency. The faces he makes while Bush talks, the constant interrupting, the petty put-downs — all of this would have been thought unworthy of the lowest political guttersnipe but have become an accepted part of the landscape thanks to Donald J. Trump.

And no one has figured out a way to handle Trump’s bullying. Bush has gotten stronger on stage but has never put Trump in his place. Even Ted Cruz has shrunk before Trump at key moments — for instance, painfully in the New Hampshire debate, when he refused to repeat a critique of Trump’s temperament, prompting the mogul to comment, “people back down with Trump.” The Donald has a way of making needling, “when did you stop beating your wife?” attacks that are inherently difficult to counter. When he stands next to Ted Cruz and says no one likes him, how is the senator supposed to respond? “No, Donald, let me assure you, I really do have friends”?

The key to Trump’s strength, which buttresses all his outrageousness, is that his supporters want someone to blow up the system. So there's almost nothing he can say or do that will discredit him in their eyes, and the least destructive scenario for his defeat — Trump blows himself up — will take some doing on his part.

It’s all very entertaining — but so are demolition derbies.

",1
243,‘Supermajority’ of House Freedom Caucus to back Paul Ryan’s speaker bid,"Hard-line conservatives cleared a path Wednesday for Rep. Paul Ryan to become House speaker when some of his most disgruntled fellow Republicans signaled that they would support his bid for the top job.

The decision to back Ryan by the House Freedom Caucus, a group of nearly 40 lawmakers that has risen in power and stature since its founding this year, came after the Ways and Means Committee chairman spent much of his day courting its support.

The group stopped short of an official endorsement, which would have required 80 percent support, but members said a “supermajority” of the caucus would back a Ryan bid for speaker. Ryan set out a series of conditions Tuesday under which he would consider seeking the speakership; the most challenging of those was unity among all of the House Republican Conference’s warring factions. The support of the Freedom Caucus was regarded as one of the huge obstacles to meeting that condition.

In a statement, Ryan said he did not view the lack of a formal endorsement as a rejection: “I believe this is a positive step toward a unified Republican team.”

Rep. Raúl R. Labrador (R-Idaho), a co-founder of the Freedom Caucus, emerged from a lengthy evening meeting Wednesday and said there was “consensus that we need to move forward because it’s time for the conference to unite.”

“It’s time for everybody to work together and make the Republican Party stronger,” he said. “That’s what we’re trying to do even with the reservations that some people have about Paul Ryan being speaker.”

[Paul Ryan tells House Republicans he’s willing to run, if conditions are met]

Ryan could still decide not to serve as speaker, and some conservative activists have engaged in a vigorous campaign to cast doubt on his record, which might give some members cold feet before votes are cast next week.

But the level of Freedom Caucus support represents the first thaw in the increasingly frosty relationship between tea party conservatives and establishment Republicans. It also paves the way for fresh GOP leadership heading into imminent clashes with President Obama over the national debt and federal spending.

The Freedom Caucus met with Ryan for an hour in the Capitol earlier in the day. Many of its members had balked at the conditions Ryan attached to his decision to serve as speaker, and the meeting represented their first chance to question him directly about his plans.

The meeting broke up without resolution, setting up a high-stakes decision for a group that played a key role in easing the current speaker, John A. Boehner, into retirement and blocking Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy’s bid to succeed him.

The group reconvened in the evening to debate whether to abandon their previous endorsement of Rep. Daniel Webster (R-Fla.) in favor of Ryan, who signaled Tuesday that a Freedom Caucus endorsement would be a prerequisite to him agreeing to serve as speaker.

Ryan’s declaration that he would serve as House speaker if and only if he receives formal backing from major House GOP factions — including the Freedom Caucus — effectively gave the group veto power over his ascent. It also exposed fissures in the typically close-knit caucus.

Some, citing Ryan’s demand to jettison the House rule allowing a simple majority to oust a speaker at virtually any time, said it would be nearly impossible for him to earn their support. Others argued that Ryan could be the type of transformative leader that House Republicans need.

The Freedom Caucus was also facing the prospect of further alienating the rest of the House GOP, and a potentially crippling loss of credibility, if it were to reject Ryan. Many mainstream conservatives saw Ryan as the best chance, maybe the only chance, to unite their fractious party.

“It would be an embarrassment to them” if the Freedom Caucus dismissed Ryan, said Rep. John Kline (R-Minn.), chairman of the Education and Workforce Committee. “What he’s doing is selfless.”

Ryan appeared to calm some nerves in the afternoon meeting, making clear that he did not want to end the ability of the House membership to remove the speaker — only change the procedures for doing so. He also gave reassurances that he would respect the “Hastert Rule” — the informal practice of former speaker J. Dennis Hastert that required the majority support of the Republican conference before moving legislation to the House floor.

Rep. Mo Brooks (R-Ala.) said Ryan agreed that legislation should be moved only with the support of the majority of the majority. In particular, he said, that calmed immigration hawks wary of Ryan’s past support for measures that would offer illegal immigrants a path to citizenship.

But Ryan faced a big challenge in getting the group’s endorsement, Brooks said: “Paul Ryan probably made some progress . . . but to get 80 percent of Freedom Caucus to switch from Daniel Webster?” he said. “It’s going to be difficult for Paul Ryan to shift that in two, three days.”

Ryan said little upon departing the afternoon meeting, calling the gathering an “exchange of ideas on how to make Congress work better.”

Earlier in the day, Boehner announced that Republicans will vote internally to nominate a speaker next Wednesday, with a floor vote to follow Thursday. The announcement was made after Ryan said Tuesday night that he would run for speaker only if his terms were met.

“This is not a job I’ve ever wanted, I’ve ever sought,” Ryan said. “I came to the conclusion that this is a very dire moment, not just for Congress, not just for the Republican Party, but for our country.”

Those demands include not only the endorsements and the rule changes, but also giving Ryan time with his young family.

By the time the meeting wrapped up Wednesday night, only a “small handful” of members had reservations, said Rep. Mick Mulvaney (R-S.C.), signaling that Ryan had secured the 218 House votes necessary to prevail in the floor vote.

“I think he satisfied many of us that he was going to change business as usual in Washington, D.C.,” Mulvaney said.

Another sticking point for Freedom Caucus members was their endorsement of Webster, which was made earlier this month and played a role in ending McCarthy’s bid for the speakership.

[A little-known Florida man may keep Paul Ryan from meeting his conditions to be speaker]

Webster’s focus on procedural reforms, honed during his years as speaker of the Florida House of Representatives, has won him an avid following among hard-liners who feel marginalized by the GOP’s establishment.

“You’ve got a bunch of alpha people in here,” said Rep. Paul A. Gosar (R-Ariz.), a Webster supporter. “You don’t need another alpha leader.”

Webster made clear Wednesday that he would not stand aside for Ryan: “People are responding to what I’m saying. They’re sick of how this place is run, of the dog-and-pony shows on committees. They want a return to bills from members being considered, rather than approving the leadership’s bills.”

But Ryan’s near-bulletproof reputation among conservatives as a visionary and policy expert allowed hard-liners to look past his 16-year congressional tenure and trust him in a way that they never trusted Boehner or McCarthy.

“We’ve got a little way to go,” Rep. Marlin A. Stutzman (R-Ind.) said during the Freedom Caucus deliberations. “But I’m willing to start those conversations because I trust Paul. He’s earned my trust. I’m willing to keep talking.”

Two other major GOP caucuses have yet to weigh in, but neither is seen as an obstacle to Ryan.

Ryan met Wednesday with the Republican Study Committee, a more mainstream conservative group that counts more than two-thirds of the Republican conference as members. Its members were surveyed by secret ballot Wednesday, and its steering committee is expected to decide Thursday whether to grant an endorsement.

Also Thursday, Ryan is set to meet with the centrist Tuesday Group, which is expected to embrace his speaker bid.

Karoun Demirjian, Kelsey Snell and David Weigel contributed to this report.",1
4624,How To Win The Presidency With 23 Percent Of The Popular Vote,"How To Win The Presidency With 23 Percent Of The Popular Vote

It's that time again: time for Americans to figure out how, exactly, their presidential election works. ""Electoral College"" searches spike every four years, just before Election Day, according to Google ... and the search volume is picking up right now.

Long story short: To win the presidency, you don't have to win the majority of the popular vote. You have to win the majority of electoral votes — that is, 270 of them.* In most states, a candidate wins electoral votes by winning the most voters.

So. Win a state by just one vote, and you win all of its electoral votes (unless you live in Nebraska or Maine, which divvy up their votes a little differently).

This can lead to off-kilter election results — in 2000, for example, Democrat Al Gore won the popular vote by a few hundred thousand votes, but lost the presidency by five electoral votes. So we wondered: Just how few votes would a candidate need to win 270 electoral votes?

We decided to find out. A candidate only needs to win the 11 states with the most electoral votes to hit 270. Assuming only two candidates (a big assumption; see below) and that one candidate won all of those states by just one vote, and then didn't win a single vote in any of the other states (or D.C.), how many votes would that candidate have to win? It depends on how you do the math. Either way, it's far less than half.

Initially when we did this story, we found that if you start with the biggest-electoral-vote states, the answer is 27 percent. However, we have an update: as Andrej Schoeke very nicely pointed out to us on Twitter, there's another way to do it (via CGP Grey) that requires even less of the popular vote: start with the smallest-electoral-vote states. Our math went through a few iterations on this but by our final math, in 2012 that could have meant winning the presidency with only around 23 percent of the popular vote.

The idea here is that a voter in a low-population state like Wyoming counts for a larger share of electoral votes than popular votes.

And if one were to start with the largest states, it would be 27 percent. Here's a look at that math:

We're making a lot of assumptions here — we're using vote totals from 2012, for one thing. Moreover, we're assuming there are only two candidates in the race.

And let's be clear about the obvious here: This kind of an extreme election isn't going to happen. And if it did — if there were somehow a bunch of 1- or 2-vote wins, you can bet the recounts would stretch into 2017.

And we're also sure that with any number of tweaks to the math (like plugging in a third or fourth candidate), you could come up with results that are slightly-to-moderately different. But that's not really the point here. The point is that the Electoral College can skew election results to a fantastic degree.

This kind of popular-electoral vote discrepancy is why some articles about the 2008 election had to be careful to call Obama's win an electoral landslide — he won 68 percent of the electoral vote but only about 53 percent of the popular vote.

Skewed wins like this happen regularly in U.S. elections — a modest popular vote margin can yield a ridiculously large Electoral College margin. For example, in 1984, Ronald Reagan beat Walter Mondale in the popular vote by 18 points — a sizable gap, but nothing like the Electoral College walloping: Reagan won 525 electoral votes, beating Mondale by 95 percentage points.

Here's what those gaps look like in every election going back to 1960's race, in which John F. Kennedy only squeaked past Richard Nixon in the popular vote by around 100,000 votes:

Ironically, the 2000 election — whose outcome struck many people as unfair because Gore won the popular vote but not the electoral vote — also has the electoral-vote margin that most closely reflects the popular-vote margin. In that sense, one could call it one of the ""fairest"" elections in modern politics.

Well, maybe. But then, come Nov. 9, there will be no difference for the losing candidate between getting 250 electoral votes or 150 — a loss is a loss.

The Electoral College and current demographics mean that both parties often take particular electoral votes for granted: Democrats regularly win California and New York, while Republicans win Texas and Georgia (however, things have been closer than usual in those states this year).

And that means that candidates regularly spend a disproportionate amount of time in high-electoral-vote battleground states like Florida and Ohio as they plot their ""paths to 270."" This means voters in Los Angeles or San Antonio (or Cheyenne or Honolulu) don't get that much attention.

If the Electoral College disappeared tomorrow, campaign strategy would probably shift dramatically; Democrats might campaign more in Austin, Texas. Republicans might do more outreach in conservative parts of California. Either way, the people of Ohio, Florida and Pennsylvania might get some respite from the onslaught of rallies and ads every four years, as candidates try harder to win bigger parts of the country.

*Before you fire off an email, yes, we know: You can still win the presidency without winning 270 electoral votes. If no candidate hits 270, then the House votes. But we're talking outright on election night.",1
2520,Farmers: Trump 'terrible for agriculture',"During the campaign, Trump had threatened to impose a large tariff to keep the jobs in the United States.",1
2391,Obama to Supreme Court: You wouldn’t dare kill Obamacare,"President Obama uttered more than 3,600 words on the stage of Washington’s Marriott Wardman Park ballroom on Tuesday, but his message could be summed up in three: You wouldn’t dare.

He was speaking not to the hundreds of hospital administrators assembled for the Catholic Health Association’s conference but to five men not in the room: the conservative justices of the Supreme Court, who in the next 21 days will declare whether they are invalidating the most far-reaching legislation in at least a generation because of one vague clause tucked in its 2,000 pages.

Obama’s appeal to the justices, devotees of judicial modesty all: Do they really wish to cause the massive societal upheaval that would come from killing a law that is now a routine part of American life?

“Five years in, what we are talking about is no longer just a law. It’s no longer just a theory. It isn’t even just about the Affordable Care Act or Obamacare,” he said. “This is now part of the fabric of how we care for one another. This is health care in America.”

Without mentioning the looming decision, Obama warned of its devastating potential. “Once you see millions of people having health care, once you see that all the bad things that were predicted didn’t happen, you’d think that it’d be time to move on,” he said. “It seems so cynical to want to take coverage away from millions of people, to take care away from the people who need it the most, to punish millions with higher costs of care and unravel what’s now been woven into the fabric of America.”

The appearance had been scheduled long ago, but White House officials elevated the importance of the speech to keep pressure on the Supreme Court, which Obama said at a news conference in Germany on Monday shouldn’t have even taken up the case. Obama said trashing the federal health-care exchanges, as a hostile Supreme Court ruling would do, is “not something that should be done based on a twisted interpretation of four words.”

The conservative justices, like conservative critics of the law generally, are unlikely to be persuaded by Obama’s recitation of the merits of the law, which he repeated at length Tuesday. But they may well be reluctant to upend a law that now has broad acceptance in American society.

The Kaiser Family Foundation, which tracks public opinion on the matter, found in April that more Americans had a favorable view of the law than an unfavorable view (43 percent to 42 percent) for the first time since 2012. That difference is not statistically significant, but the favorable view is up 10 points since the botched HealthCare.gov rollout in 2013 and the unfavorable view is down seven points. Forty-six percent favor keeping the law as is or expanding it, compared with 41 percent who favor scaling it back or repealing it.

More evidence of the acceptance of Obamacare: Health care is fading as an issue. Gallup found last month that only 5 percent called it the country’s most important problem. That compares with 26 percent in September 2009.

Certainly, those numbers could change if premiums jump as expected. But the recent improvement in the law’s standing comes even though most Americans aren’t aware that the law has cost the government less than forecast.

With such broad acceptance of (if not fondness for) the new health-care status quo, it’s difficult to imagine the Supreme Court justices taking away health coverage for 6 million or 7 million Americans, causing costs to skyrocket for millions of others, and likely plunging the entire American health-care system into chaos. That’s not just judicial activism — it would be a judicially induced cataclysm.

Such a cataclysm has no place in the catechism of Sister Carol Keehan, head of the Catholic Health Association and a key early supporter of Obamacare who broke with the Catholic bishops to support the law.

“It would be unspeakably cruel,” she said when I asked her after the conference Tuesday what an adverse Supreme Court ruling would produce. Millions of people — pregnant women, cancer victims, heart patients — would lose coverage, she said. “The panic is going to spread, the confusion. It’s going to be incredibly chaotic.” And, with Congress unable to agree even on little things, the chaos would persist.

“It makes me crazy just to think of it,” Keehan said, urging me to “light a candle” as the justices prepare their opinion.

I’ll leave the votive offering to Sister Carol. I have faith that the conservative justices, even if they detest Obamacare, have no wish to throw the country into chaos.

Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
4926,Donald Trump's Real Problem Is With White People,"Donald Trump needs to stop the bleeding.

Since the two parties' conventions, he has plummeted in the polls — both nationally and in the states.

His campaign knows this. His new campaign manager, KellyAnne Conway, is a veteran Republican pollster well aware of Trump's deficiencies with certain voting groups.

That's why there's been a concerted effort in the Trump campaign to reach out to black and Hispanic voters, even if it's been poorly received by many nonwhites.

But the outreach might not be entirely to gain the support of minority voters, who are deeply skeptical of Trump and indicate they are supporting Hillary Clinton overwhelmingly.

It might be aimed, in large measure, at white people, in particular suburban whites with college degrees. You know, people who traditionally vote Republican. They might be persuadable, given their past voting history, but they don't want to vote for someone who is viewed as a racist or a bigot.

So his campaign is trying to change that. Trump has been speaking specifically about black voters at multiple events over the last week or so (though in front of predominantly white crowds) in Wisconsin, Ohio, Texas and Florida. He held an event Wednesday night in Jackson, Miss., where 4 in 5 residents are black.

That outreach continues Thursday at an event at Trump Tower, where black and Latino leaders are supposed to join Trump. And there will perhaps even be a tour of Detroit led by Ben Carson, who grew up there, in early September.

But how can it be, that Trump has a white people problem? Isn't he supposed to be the candidate who appeals squarely to whites?

Let's take a look at the polling. What it shows is that Trump is underperforming with whites compared with Mitt Romney's performance in 2012:

White women: Romney won white women by 14 points — 56-42 percent, according to national exit polls.

Trump, in the latest NBC/Wall Street Journal poll released this month, is down a point with the group, 43-42 percent.

That's a 15-point shift. No Republican can afford that.

Trump is supposed to drive up the score with white men. But, according to NBC/WSJ, he's only up 13 points (49-36 percent), far less than Romney.

And, let's remember, Romney lost in an electoral landslide to President Obama.

A big problem for Trump is when education is factored in. He is struggling to win the margins he needs with whites with college degrees. Just look at this chart of Trump's massive deficit with white women with college degrees:

What's stunning about this is that Democrats have never won a majority of white voters with college degrees since exit polling began in 1976.

And when it comes to white voters without a college degree, even here Trump is only doing about as well as Romney did. Romney won 61 percent of whites without a college degree. Trump, in the latest, CNN/ORC poll, gets the support of 59 percent.

Yes, Romney lost by big margins with nonwhite groups, too, but white voters made up 72 percent of the electorate in 2012 (likely to be slightly less this year.) Trump's campaign has to think there's nowhere to go but up with minority voters — except, right now, Trump is doing worse (or almost similarly bad) with both African-Americans and Latinos also.

Maybe Trump's outreach to minorities can change his standing somewhat with those groups. But an important group he needs to reach are those white voters, who should be traditionally open to voting Republican but are not behind him right now.

That's a point Republican pollster Whit Ayres made as well this week to the Washington Post.

""After 15 months of denigrating every nonwhite minority in sight, it's hard to believe that he can actually do significantly better among nonwhites,"" said Ayres, who wrote the book 2016 and Beyond: How Republicans Can Elect a President in the New America. He joined Marco Rubio's campaign as his pollster. ""But he may be able to soften his image a bit with some Republican and maybe a few independent whites who have been put off by his harshness thus far.""

But this is a big hole to climb out of in less than 11 weeks.",1
3244,Which Republicans have come out against Boehner for speaker? Here’s a list.,"A growing group of rogue conservative House Republicans has come out against reelecting John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) for another term as speaker.

So far, the list of defectors is up to nine. At least two of them have offered themselves as alternatives.

To be elected speaker, Boehner must win a majority of all members -- Democrat, Republican or otherwise -- who cast votes. When the new Congress is sworn in Tuesday, there will be 246 Republicans (since Michael Grimm is resigning) and 188 Democrats for a total of 434 members. If some members don't cast votes, the threshold for clinching a win will be lowered.

Boehner's office appears confident he will win. But the expanding list threatens to inject some drama into the proceedings.

""Rep. Boehner was selected as the House Republican Conference's choice for Speaker in November, and he expects to be elected by the whole House next week,"" Boehner spokesman Michael Steel said in an e-mail Sunday.

In 2013, Boehner faced 12 Republican defectors, several of whom are opposing him again.

Here's a list of the nine Republicans who have come out against Boehner so far. We'll update it as it changes:

Rep.-elect Dave Brat (Va.) (op-ed)

 Rep. Jim Bridenstine (Okla.) (statement)

 Rep. Louie Gohmert (Tex.) (statement; also offered himself as speaker candidate)

 Rep. Paul Gosar (Ariz.) (statement)

 Rep. Walter Jones (N.C.) (remarks)

 Rep. Steve King (Iowa) (Tweet)

 Rep. Thomas Massie (Ky.) (statement)

 Rep. Marlin Stutzman (Ind.) (statement)

 Rep. Ted Yoho (Fla.) (statement; also offered himself as a candidate for speaker)",1
2827,How global terror network will get a boost from Iran nuclear deal,"While the nuclear arms accord with Iran is being hailed as a historic agreement, it should be regarded as only one piece of an increasingly complex patchwork of foreign policy challenges presented by Iran and its network of allies. As a result of this deal, Iran stands to reap a potential windfall of billions of dollars that has been held up by international sanctions designed to cripple the Iranian economy and bring Tehran to the negotiating table.

Even if most of this money is channeled to Iran’s domestic economy, the bounty will nevertheless help resuscitate the Iran threat network—a nefarious web of insurgent, criminal and terrorist allies—and revitalize Iranian meddling worldwide. Iranian sponsorship of terrorist organizations cannot be divorced from the negotiations because the sanctions that will be lifted provide new sources of funding to reinforce the Iran threat network.

The fact that the nuclear agreement does not address the threat network means that Iran remains a serious threat to stability in the Middle East.

Formed in the 1980s, the Iran threat network has expanded from a ragtag militia to an enterprise with global reach—and operatives who are active in dozens of countries. Over the last three decades, Iranian largesse has provided the Shiite group Hezbollah with hundreds of millions of dollars, training, weapons and modern equipment.

The network now includes proxies in Yemen and Iraq, where the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps and its elite Quds Force are training sectarian militias. Also of concern are Iranian accomplices including Hamas in Gaza and Hezbollah in Lebanon (and more recently, Syria). Hamas has increasingly relied on financial support from Iran since the Syrian civil war began in 2011.

In addition to Iran’s growing battle with Saudi Arabia for regional hegemony, the mullahs that comprise the core leadership of Iran—and are considered the vanguard of the Islamic Revolution—have also pushed to develop a fairly sophisticated cyberwar capability. The Saudi-Iranian rivalry is playing out through the sponsorship of proxies in Yemen and Syria.

Over the past several years, Iran has devoted more resources to cyber warfare, perhaps in response to a destructive software attack—reportedly initiated by the United States and Israel—that effectively targeted Iranian nuclear-enrichment equipment. The Iranians have already penetrated American and Saudi networks and successfully seized and destroyed sensitive data.

Going forward, U.S. policy toward Iran must reflect the nuanced nature of the relationship. While the nuclear agreement is a positive step toward resolving the most serious potential threat posed by the Islamic Republic, the Iranian regime is still a major sponsor of terrorist groups opposed to the United States and its key allies throughout the Middle East, North Africa and the Persian Gulf region.

Designing and implementing a global strategy to address the Iran threat network is essential to stability in the Gulf and will require the exercise of American power to deter Iran while reassuring allies in the region and wider world. Even though the United States welcomes Iran’s help combating ISIS, Washington must keep pressuring Tehran to cease its support for terrorist and insurgent groups in Gaza, Lebanon and Yemen.

The United States and its allies must continue to combat the financing of terrorism by working through the Treasury Department and collaborating with private-sector entities to identify and then take action against Iranian funding of terrorist groups. The United States also should keep trying to build partner capacity in at-risk nations like Lebanon and Yemen—thus depriving Iran of the political legitimacy afforded external state sponsors of terrorism—while working to build a force in the region capable of providing at least a modicum of stability. Finally, the United States must continue to closely monitor Iranian behavior to ensure that relief from sanctions does not allow Iran the flexibility to exacerbate conflicts in already fragile nations throughout the Middle East.

After pausing to celebrate the Iran nuclear deal as a “move in a new direction,” the Obama administration should capitalize on it to gain the momentum needed to contain the regional and global ambitions of the Iran threat network.

Colin P. Clarke is an associate political scientist at the nonprofit, nonpartisan RAND Corporation and the author of “Terrorism, Inc.: The Financing of Terrorism, Insurgency and Irregular Warfare” (2015).",1
3511,6 detained in raids in Belgium,"Brussels, Belgium (CNN) Police detained six people in raids Thursday night as investigators raced to uncover the network behind this week's terror attacks in the Belgian capital .

The Belgian federal prosecutor's office didn't provide details about who had been detained in the Brussels raids, why they had been apprehended or whether they will face charges.

""It will be decided tomorrow if these people will remain in custody,"" the office said in a statement released late Thursday.

Two people were taken into custody in Brussels' Jette neighborhood, one person was detained in a different part of the capital, and three people were in a vehicle in front of the federal prosecutor's office when authorities apprehended them, public broadcaster RTBF reported.

So far, authorities have said they believe five men played a part in Tuesday's bombings in Belgium that killed 31 people and injured 330. Three of the attackers are dead. Two of them could still be on the loose.

Investigators are combing over evidence from surveillance footage and the explosives stash they seized from an apparent hideaway in a suburb.

Sweeps where investigators detain people first and ask questions later are likely to become an increasingly common tactic, CNN national security analyst Juliette Kayyem said.

""There will be lots more of them,"" she said. ""They are going to be what's called overbroad. They are going to just try to find people or evidence that may stop the next terrorism attack, and they will figure out who they have under custody.""

Khalid El Bakraoui, one of the terrorists who bombed a train near the Maelbeek metro station, is dead. Authorities believe a second unidentified person was also involved in that attack, a senior Belgian security source told CNN. But investigators don't know where that suspect is -- or whether he's dead or alive.

Surveillance footage shows the man holding a large bag at the station, according to Belgian public broadcaster RTBF. It's not clear if he was among the at least 20 killed in that blast, RTBF said.

Authorities have released a grainy image of another suspect who they believe is on the run.

That man, they say, shown in photographs wearing a black hat, was one of three attackers at Brussels Airport. Authorities say he planted a bomb at the airport and left. The other two men in the photographs are believed to be the suicide bombers.

Fair to ask whether 'we missed the chance'

Did Belgian authorities miss a chance to stop at least one of the suspects involved in the attacks?

Bakraoui had been sentenced to nine years in prison in Belgium back in 2010 for opening fire on police officers with a Kalashnikov during a robbery, according to broadcaster RTBF and CNN affiliate RTL. Needless to say, he didn't serve all that time.

""Given the facts, it is justified that ... people ask how it is possible that someone was released early and we missed the chance when he was in Turkey to detain him,"" said Jambon, whose offer to resign was rebuffed by Prime Minister Charles Michel.

Investigators suspect Abdeslam planned to be part of an attack by the same ISIS cell that lashed out Tuesday, a senior Belgian counterterrorism official told CNN's Paul Cruickshank.

Authorities looked Wednesday at the Brussels homes of the Bakraoui brothers. Those two searches ""were not conclusive,"" the federal prosecutor's office said.

Homes were searched Thursday in several areas in and around the city, officials said.

One operation in the neighborhood of Schaerbeek stretched for hours into Friday morning. Investigators sealed off streets for several blocks. It was not immediately clear why such a large area had been cordoned.

Masked teams in hazmat gear could be seen exiting a building and heading toward a police van.

As investigations continue, a larger question looms: What could happen next?

Not long ago, Western authorities believed ISIS was focused on taking territory in Syria and Iraq, not lashing out elsewhere. But U.S. officials now think the extremist group has been sending trained militants to Europe for some time.

These men don't necessarily follow orders directly from ISIS headquarters. But they build on what they've learned, as well as a shared philosophy and approach, to develop their own terror cells and hatch their own plots.

How many more ISIS militants are in Europe, poised to attack? That's not clear.

For now, though, the top priority is tracking down the two men linked directly to Tuesday's terror.",1
1788,Top Senate Democrat urges Clinton to address private email controversy,"The top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee urged former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to give a full explanation of why she used a private e-mail account for all her official correspondence during her four years as America's top diplomat.

Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., told NBC's ""Meet the Press"" Sunday that Clinton ""needs to step up and come out and state exactly what the situation is,"" adding that from ""this point on, the silence is going to hurt her.""

Feinstein is the first major Democrat to urge Clinton to share details of the account's contents, some of which have been subpoenaed by a special House committee investigating the 2012 attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya.

Clinton, thought to be the near-unanimous frontrunner for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination, has kept mostly silent on the private e-mail story, which was first reported by the New York Times last Monday. Her use of the account may violate federal rules requiring officials to keep all their communications for record-keeping purposes. The controversy grew later in the week when the Associated Press reported that the account's server had been traced to an Internet service registered to her Chappaqua, N.Y. home.

This past week, Clinton said in a Twitter message that she had asked the State Department to make public all emails she had previously turned over to them, a total of approximately 55,000 pages. However, The Times reported that those messages previously had been selected by members of her staff and were not a complete record of her four years at Foggy Bottom.

She did not address the issue in her most recent public appearance Saturday night during an event in Coral Gables, Florida, for the Clinton Global Initiative University.

Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., the chairman of the Benghazi committee, told CBS' ""Face The Nation"" ""there are gaps of months and months and months"" in the emails the committee had previously received. ""It's not up to Secretary Clinton to decide what's a public record and what's not,"" Gowdy said.

""We're not entitled to everything,"" Gowdy continued. ""I don't want everything. I just want everything related to Libya and Benghazi.""

For his part, President Obama said Sunday that he first learned of Clinton's private account through news reports. He went on to praise Clinton for requesting the release of the 55,000 pages of e-mail by the State Department, called her ""an outstanding public servant"" and defended his administration's record on transparency.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2940,Obama opens door to 'limited' ground combat operations against ISIS,"President Obama on Wednesday opened the door to ""limited"" ground combat operations against the Islamic State, as he asked Congress to formally authorize military force against the terrorist network.

The president, in a proposed resolution and a letter to Congress, underscored the ""grave threat"" posed by ISIS.

""If left unchecked, ISIL will pose a threat beyond the Middle East, including to the United States homeland,"" Obama said.

Speaking later at the White House, Obama vowed to defeat the terror group. ""This is a difficult mission, and it will remain difficult for some time,"" Obama said. ""But our coalition is on the offensive. ISIL is on the defensive, and ISIL is going to lose.""

His proposal includes limitations that would bar ""enduring offensive ground combat operations"" and let the authorization lapse after three years. The letter from Obama says the authorization would not allow ""long-term, large-scale ground combat operations like those"" conducted in Iraq and Afghanistan.

But the request includes no restrictions on where U.S. forces could pursue the threat. And while the current military campaign centers on coalition airstrikes in Iraq and Syria, the proposal clearly allows U.S. ground troops to engage in limited circumstances.

""The authorization I propose would provide the flexibility to conduct ground combat operations in other, more limited circumstances, such as rescue operations involving U.S. or coalition personnel or the use of special operations forces to take military action against ISIL leadership,"" Obama wrote in his letter to Congress. ""It would also authorize the use of U.S. forces in situations where ground combat operations are not expected or intended, such as intelligence collection and sharing, missions to enable kinetic strikes, or the provision of operational planning and other forms of advice and assistance to partner forces.""

At the White House, Obama made clear that he would be willing to order special forces to act against ISIS leaders if necessary.

""It is not the authorization of another ground war,"" Obama said, adding: ""We need flexibility, but we also have to be careful and deliberate.""

The request kicks off what is likely to be a drawn-out debate in Congress, with hawkish lawmakers sure to push for a broader authorization and anti-interventionist voices seeking more limits.

Already, Sen. Tim Kaine, D-Va., said he is ""concerned about the breadth and vagueness of the U.S. ground troop language and will seek to clarify it.""

On the other side, House Speaker John Boehner said he was ""not sure that the strategy that's been outlined will accomplish the mission.""

Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker, the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said he appreciated the president seeking the authorization and would quickly begin holding ""rigorous hearings"" on the White House request.

""Voting to authorize the use of military force is one of the most important actions Congress can take, and while there will be differences, it is my hope that we will fulfill our constitutional responsibility, and in a bipartisan way, pass an authorization that allows us to confront this serious threat,"" Corker said.

The White House insists it already has the authority to launch airstrikes against ISIS militants in Iraq and Syria, as the U.S. has been doing for months, but wants Congress to sign off in order to demonstrate American unity.

In a letter to lawmakers accompanying the request, Obama urged them to ""show the world we are united in our resolve to counter the threat.""

The proposed resolution listed ISIS atrocities in the region, including executions of American hostages and the ""abduction, enslavement, torture, rape and forced marriage"" of women and girls in the region.

""It threatens American personnel and facilities located in the region and is responsible for the deaths of U.S. citizens James Foley, Steven Sotloff, Abdul-Rahman Peter Kassig, and Kayla Mueller,"" Obama said in his letter, listing the American hostages who died in ISIS custody.

Obama's proposal launches an ideological debate over what authorities and limitations the commander in chief should have in pursuit of the extremists, with the shadow of lost American lives hanging over its fate. Confirmation of the death of 26-year-old humanitarian worker Mueller on the eve of Obama's proposal added new urgency, while the costly long-running wars in Iraq and Afghanistan were a caution to some lawmakers against yet another protracted military campaign.

Obama is offering to limit authorization to three years, extending to the next president the powers and the debate over renewal for what he envisions as a long-range battle. He is proposing no geographic limitations where U.S. forces could pursue the elusive militants. The authorization covers the Islamic State and ""associated persons or forces,"" defined as those fighting on behalf of or alongside IS ""or any closely-related successor entity in hostilities against the United States or its coalition partners.""

The proposal bars ""enduring offensive ground combat operations,"" an ambiguous term intended as compromise between lawmakers who want authority for ground troops and those who don't.

Obama's resolution would repeal a 2002 authorization for force in Iraq, but maintain a 2001 authorization against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan, although Obama said in his letter to lawmakers his goal is to refine and ultimately repeal that authorization as well.

Obama argues the congressional authorizations President George W. Bush used to justify military action after 9/11 are sufficient for him to deploy more than 2,700 U.S. troops to train and assist Iraqi security forces and conduct ongoing airstrikes against targets in Iraq and Syria. Critics have said Obama is overstepping outdated authorities to target the new threat from militants imposing a violent form of Shariah law in pursuit of the establishment of an Islamic state.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4420,"Fox News built a f**ked-up Frankenstein, dumb, angry and divorced from facts. Now Donald Trump will devour them","Donald Trump is practically a mirror image of the Fox News psyche. Most of his speeches consist of repackaged stupidities plucked right out of the conservative mediascape. It’s kind of brilliant, really. Trump knows his audience, and he beams back at them every idiotic thing they want to hear. Which, of course, is exactly what Fox News does.

The wonderful irony of all this is that the conservative media have ruined conservative politics, far more than liberals ever did. And the results speak for themselves. It’s true that Fox News has promoted the conservative brand and very likely energized grass-roots conservatism in some sense, but at what cost? The GOP, increasingly, is no longer a national party – it’s confined more and more to the South and to pockets of rural America.

The Republicans have had their share of electoral successes in recent years, and Fox News surely aided in that, but if you look closely you’ll see that the political success of conservatives have not led to policy successes. On the contrary, liberalism is winning. Obama, for instance, has been one of the most consequential presidents in modern American history. Both politically and culturally, the country is more liberal today than it was a decade ago. And this has happened in spite of the triumph of Fox News and conservative media.

Conservatism, as a practical political philosophy, is dead in this country. Sure, there are intelligent conservative voices in the whirlwind, but they’ve been overwhelmed by the xenophobic hysteria peddled by the likes of Sean Hannity and Rush Limbaugh. These are the people who define conservatism today. These are the people who’ve poisoned the conservative brand, made it synonymous with backwardness and cultural isolation. And Fox News has been their most significant stage, the ultimate echo chamber.

As a consequence, conservatives (on the whole) are now dumber, angrier and more divorced from the facts. To the extent that Fox News has nurtured the idiocy Trump represents, they’re responsible for his political life – they made it possible. The bile spewed by Trump might as well be Fox News talking points; it’s the kind of garbage you hear every day on their programs. And because so many conservatives get their news from Fox, Republican policymakers are forced to parrot those arguments to voters. This plays well with the base, but it alienates most of the country – as it should. It will be fascinating to watch how Fox News handles Trump, particularly as we move along in the process. It will be a delicate balancing act. The longer Trump hangs around, the more ridiculous the Republicans look. At the same time, Trump is a boon for ratings; the delightful dolts on Fox and Friends can’t get enough of him. Which makes perfect sense. The right-wing media machine – led by Fox News – has created a demand for his insane ramblings. As the chief supplier, Fox News has an interest in covering Trump, in extending his ruse for as long as possible. Promoting Trump is a disaster for the GOP, though. His bombast, left unchecked, will undermine the Republican primaries and jeopardize their shot at the White House. How Fox News manages Trump’s ascendance will therefore tell you all you need to know (if you didn’t already) about where their loyalties lie. I suspect we’ll discover what most observers have long known: Fox News cares about conservatism about as much as it cares about the news.",1
3122,Ky. clerk says won’t personally authorize gay marriage licenses -- or interfere,"The Kentucky county clerk at the center of a national firestorm over her refusal to issue same-sex marriage licenses vowed Monday -- just days after her release from jail -- that she would not prevent her office from issuing such licenses but would not personally authorize them either.

Kim Davis, the clerk for Rowan County, detailed what she described as a ""remedy"" during a brief press conference as she returned to work for the first time since her jailing.

Whether that ""remedy"" satisfies the courts -- or undermines the legal validity of the licenses -- remains to be seen. Asked if the licenses issued by Davis' office without her name would still be valid, a spokeswoman in Kentucky Attorney General Jack Conway's office told FoxNews.com that both Conway and the county attorney have ""said publicly that they believe the licenses are legal."" The spokeswoman added, ""We have not provided an official opinion on this issue.""

Under Davis' new plan, her deputy clerks will be allowed to issue gay marriage licenses if they choose. She said she would not take action against them.

But the licenses ""will not be issued or authorized by me,"" Davis said. ""Any license will not have my name, my title or my authority on it ... instead, it will say it's issued pursuant to a federal court order.""

Davis added that she has ""great doubts whether a license issued under these conditions is valid.""

Last Tuesday, U.S. District Judge David Bunning, ordered Davis released from jail after finding the court was ""satisfied"" that her office's deputy clerks were issuing marriage licenses ""to all legally eligible couples.""

At the same time, Bunning directed Davis not to ""interfere in any way"" with the marriage licenses being issued by her office. Should she interfere, the judge said, ""that will be considered a violation of this Order and appropriate sanctions will be considered.""

Davis on Monday appealed to the legislature to provide for an accommodation in situations like this.

""My simple request for an accommodation has gone unheard,"" she said. Choking up, she said she's faced with a ""seemingly impossible choice"" of ""my conscience or my freedom.""

""I do not want to have this conflict. I don't want to be in the spotlight,"" she said.

Afterward, one reporter tweeted a picture showing Davis' office, with its blinds closed and a sheriff's deputy standing outside.

On Friday, Davis' attorneys filed an appeal asking for another delay in issuing the licenses. They argued in their motion to the Sixth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals that all the same-sex couples who sued Davis for a license received one from her deputies while she was in jail. Therefore, they said, her office should not be required to issue them to any more couples once she returns to work.

The American Civil Liberties Union initially filed a suit against Davis on behalf of four couples, two straight and two gay, who were denied licenses after the Supreme Court in June effectively legalized gay marriage nationwide. When Davis refused Bunning's order to issue licenses, the judge declared the clerk in contempt of court and jailed her for five days.

In her absence, her deputy clerks issued licenses and both same-sex couples who sued her received one. But Bunning clarified his order to include all eligible couples who request a marriage license.

In the appeal filed Friday, Davis' lawyers, with the Christian law firm Liberty Counsel, argued that Bunning issued the clarification improperly and once again asked the appeals court to delay the mandate that she issue licenses.

The appeals court has already dismissed Davis' primary argument that her religious faith should exempt her from licensing a gay marriage. ""It cannot be defensibly argued that the holder of the Rowan County Clerk's office, apart from who personally occupies that office, may decline to act in conformity with the United States Constitution as interpreted by a dispositive holding of the United States Supreme Court,"" a panel wrote two weeks ago when it rejected her last appeal.

Since Bunning first ordered Davis to issue the marriage licenses, the clerk and her attorneys have made several attempts to legally get around it. One of their strategies was to ask Bunning to stop Democratic Gov. Steve Beshear and Library and Archives Commissioner Wayne Onkst from directing Davis to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples. Bunning denied that request on Friday.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2101,Jeb Bush Among Conservatives Criticizing Pope For Climate Change,"GOP presidential hopeful Jeb Bush criticized Pope Francis on Tuesday after a draft of his encyclical on climate change was leaked by an Italian newspaper.

In the leaked draft, the pope attributes ""the majority of the global warming in recent decades"" to human activity.

During a town hall event in New Hampshire, Bush said he thinks religion ""ought to be about making us better as people and less about things that end up getting into the political realm.""

“I hope I’m not going to get castigated for saying this by my priest back home, but I don’t get economic policy from my bishops or my cardinals or my pope,” Bush said, according to the New York Times. “And I'd like to see what he says as it relates to climate change and how that connects to these broader, deeper issues before I pass judgment.""

Other Republicans came out against the pope after he first spoke on climate change in January.

""I don't know if it is all [man's fault] but the majority is, for the most part, it is man who continuously slaps down nature,"" the pope said, according to Reuters.

“The church has gotten it wrong a few times on science, and I think we probably are better off leaving science to the scientists and focusing on what we’re good at, which is theology and morality,"" he said.

While many haven't yet spoken out about the pope's views, several Republican presidential hopefuls have question climate change and its origin. Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) has said “humans are not responsible for climate change in the way some of these people out there are trying to make us believe.” Business mogul Donald Trump has called global warming a ""hoax."" Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) has compared climate change activists to ""flat-Earthers.""",1
88,Major donors consider funding Black Lives Matter,"“You can’t be in a rush to do the wrong thing, either,” she said. “This is serious stuff.”",1
319,Kate Steinle's death and sanctuary cities: What good are our laws without enforcement?,"According to the Wall Street Journal, the last serious attempt to count the number of federal criminal laws appears to have been made in 1982 by a retired Justice Department official named Ronald Gainer. He failed, but the estimate then was “…50 titles and 23,000 pages of federal law.” Many more laws have been added since then.

One thing is certain: If you violate federal law you are likely to be punished with a fine, imprisonment or both. These laws are supposed to apply to everyone, unless, it seems, you are an illegal alien living in San Francisco, or any of the other sanctuary cities around the country.

By now, anyone not preoccupied with stories about shark attacks, the Confederate flag or singer Ariana Grande “maliciously licking” donuts she did not buy, has heard about 32-year-old Kathryn Steinle gunned down by an illegal alien while walking on a San Francisco pier with her father. Her accused killer is Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez, a felon from Mexico, who had been deported five times but always managed to sneak back in, choosing San Francisco, he reportedly said, because he knew it was a “sanctuary city” that would not deport him.

The concept of a sanctuary city comes from the Old Testament.

“…if someone deliberately kills another person, then the slayer must be dragged even from my altar and be put to death. (Exodus 21:14). But if it was simply an accident permitted by God, I will appoint a place of refuge where the slayer can run for safety. (Exodus 21:13). These cities will be places of protection from a dead person’s relatives who want to avenge the death. The slayer must not be put to death before being tried by the community. (Numbers 35:19) “Then the congregation shall judge between the slayer and the blood avenger. ... The congregation shall deliver the manslayer from the hand of the blood avenger, and the congregation shall restore him to his city of refuge to which he fled; and he shall live in it until the death of the high priest who was anointed with the holy oil…” (Numbers 35:24-28).

This ancient concept for a sanctuary city was not to shield a suspect from justice, but to guarantee justice was done. The suspected murderer would be given safe haven only until a trial was held. If he was found guilty, he was executed. If he was acquitted he was set free. But if he left the sanctuary city before the trial, “the avenger of blood” could kill him.

Officials in “sanctuary cities” pervert the concept of sanctuary by helping suspects evade the law. Congress should deny federal funds to these cities as long as they continue to ignore the law. President Obama is unlikely to speak, much less lead on this issue, because the Democratic Party thinks it can win the Hispanic vote in 2016. Republicans and the Chamber of Commerce want cheap immigrant labor, so they will huff and puff but do nothing, hoping the controversy goes away. The public must not let this happen.

According to the Washington Post, there are an estimated 60 sanctuary cities around the country, including major cities like New York, Los Angeles and Houston, and these cities are unlikely to change their sanctuary policies anytime soon.

In fact, writes International Business Times, “…a number of local leaders in U.S. cities have renewed their efforts to foster welcoming and inclusive communities for illegal aliens. So-called ‘sanctuary policies’ … are intended to signal to the undocumented community that it’s safe to come out of the shadows without the fear of being reported to federal authorities.”

If laws are not enforced, what is the point of having them?

If politicians are so afraid of losing the Hispanic vote that they do nothing in response to the murder of Kathryn Steinle, they should be removed from office. The notion that Hispanics won’t vote for a party that stands for justice is racist.

Cal Thomas is America's most widely syndicated op-ed columnist. He joined Fox News Channel in 1997 as a political contributor. His latest book is ""What Works: Common Sense Solutions for a Stronger America"" is available in bookstores now. Readers may email Cal Thomas at tcaeditors@tribune.com.",1
3068,Everything you need to know about our polarized politics (in the palm of your hand),"In Jonathan Chait’s interview with departing White House adviser Dan Pfeiffer in New York magazine, Chait describes how the Obama administration “lost its illusions” about overcoming partisan polarization.

“I think [Obama] believes, and I certainly believe, that while we can always do better, this is a case where structural forces are the large actor here,” he told me. Pfeiffer cited three of them. The first is rising polarization—“the great sorting,” as he called it—which, over a period of decades, has driven white conservatives out of the Democratic Party and moderates out of the Republican Party, creating two ideologically homogeneous political organizations.

This is quite a belated discovery of well-established finding in political science.  As I’ve noted before, the Obama administration has been remarkably slow to understand the nature and origins of our polarized politics.

Here’s a new resource on that subject. We’re pleased to announce the first book based on content from The Monkey Cage: “Political Polarization in American Politics.” The book is based on the many contributions to our series on American political polarization in January-February 2014, and edited by Dan Hopkins and me.

As Dan and I write in the introduction:

The result is a collection of pieces from leading experts on polarization that cover nearly every facet of the issue: how American politics became more polarized over time, how much that trend is manifest in different places (Congress, state legislatures, activists, and citizens), what factors are driving that trend, and what reforms might mitigate it. These pieces puncture some of the myths that frequently appear in casual punditry about polarization—such as the notion that it’s mostly driven by politicians who simply don’t like each other, or that we can blame it primarily on partisan news media. Instead, polarization has deeper structural and historical roots. Indeed, it may even be the norm in American politics. As such, there are no easy solutions—certainly none as easy as having politicians sit down to dinner with each other.

Below is a list of the chapters and contributors.  It might be a bit late for Obama, but we hope that you’ll find the book worth reading.

How are we polarized?

Why are we polarized?

What Can Be Done?",1
3028,FEC head under fire for women’s forum ‘stacked’ with Dems,"The chairwoman of the supposedly nonpartisan Federal Election Commission is under fire for planning a forum next month on women in politics ""stacked"" with Democrat-leaning speakers and apparent Hillary Clinton supporters.

One conservative lawyer already is calling for an inspector general investigation; another group is urging Chairwoman Ann Ravel to call off the event.

To Ravel's detractors, the forum is yet another example of the allegedly partisan turn being taken by the FEC under her leadership.

""There are so many things wrong with this,"" Cleta Mitchell, a prominent conservative lawyer in Washington, D.C., told FoxNews.com.

The FEC is supposed to act as an independent regulatory arm to enforce campaign finance law. So it raised eyebrows when Ravel put out a notice on the May 12 forum at FEC headquarters in Washington, D.C. The event is described as an ""open discussion"" with scholars and others on why women are ""significantly under-represented in politics.""

Mitchell said this alone goes beyond what the FEC should be doing. She questioned how it would reflect on the agency's impartiality going forward -- in, for instance, a case involving a male and female candidate.

But the roster of invited participants raised more questions.

Ravel's office defended the planned forum in an email to FoxNews.com.

""We selected participants for the FEC's Women in Politics Forum because of their expertise and experience in this field with no regard to political affiliation, if any,"" her office said.

Ravel pointed out that ""two distinguished Republican women, Christine Matthews and Rep. Mimi Walters, have agreed to be panelists at the event, as have international experts on women in politics.""

Indeed, Walters is a Republican California congresswoman. And Matthews is a Republican campaign consultant.

But they appear to be outnumbered. The Daily Caller reported on the affiliations of other invited participants, including Marni Allen, once part of a group that backed former Clinton Labor Secretary Robert Reich for Massachusetts governor.

Mitchell said she thinks the forum is an effort to boost Clinton's presidential candidacy.

She told FoxNews.com she wants to see an inspector general investigation, and is considering filing a formal complaint.

""It is a misuse of taxpayer money,"" she said.

Independent Women's Voice, a nonprofit tied to the conservative Independent Women's Forum, put out a statement saying the FEC event is ""stacked"" mostly with ""women with one ideological view.""

The group said the forum ""seems outside the scope of the FEC's mandate"" to begin with, and should either be overhauled or called off.",1
3732,"Nine dead, 18 wounded after Texas biker gang shootout (+video)","A Waco restaurant was the scene Sunday where motorcycle gangs came to meet and ended up shooting one another.

Police in Waco, Texas said on Monday that 192 people were being arrested in connection with a biker gang shootout that left nine dead and 18 injured a day earlier.

A shootout among rival motorcycle gangs at a popular Central Texas restaurant left nine bikers dead and 18 injured, and it sent panicked patrons and bystanders fleeing for safety, a police spokesman said Sunday.

The violence erupted shortly after noon at a busy Waco shopping center along Interstate 35 that draws a large lunchtime crowd. Waco police Sgt. W. Patrick Swanton said eight people died at the scene of the shooting at Twin Peaks restaurant and another person died at a hospital.

The nine killed were all members of biker gangs, he said, as were the 18 people who were taken to hospitals with injuries that include stab and gunshot wounds. Some victims are being treated for both, he said.

""This is probably one of the most gruesome crime scenes I've ever seen in my 34 years of law enforcement,"" Swanton said, later adding, ""I was amazed that we didn't have innocent civilians killed or injured.""

At least 100 people have been detained for questioning, Swanton said late Sunday night.

Swanton said at least five rival gangs gathered at Twin Peaks for a meeting that he said focused on turf and recruitment, two areas where the groups have often clashed. Preliminary findings indicate a dispute broke out in a bathroom, escalated to include knives and firearms and eventually spilled into the restaurant parking lot, he said. There were 150 to 200 gang members inside the restaurant at the time. Shots were fired inside and outside the restaurant, he said.

McLennan County Sheriff Parnell McNamara, whose office is involved in the investigation, said all nine who were killed were members of the Bandidos or Cossacks gangs.

Swanton described the interior of the restaurant after a Sunday night walk-through, saying it was littered with bullet casings, knives, a club, bodies and pools of blood. Authorities would be working the rest of the night to process the reams of evidence, he said.

Police were aware of the meeting in advance, Swanton said, and at least 12 Waco officers in addition to state troopers were outside the restaurant, part of a national chain that features scantily clad waitresses, when the fight began.

""We've been made aware in the past few months of rival biker gangs ... being here and causing issues,"" Swanton said.

Officers shot armed bikers, Swanton said, adding that the actions of law enforcement prevented further deaths. It was not known if any of the nine dead were killed by police officers.

Swanton said that the restaurant's operators also were aware of the meeting in advance, and he described the management as uncooperative with authorities in addressing concerns.

""Apparently the management (of Twin Peaks) wanted them here and so we didn't have any say-so on whether they could be here or not,"" Swanton said.

A statement sent Sunday night on behalf of Jay Patel, operating partner for the Waco franchise, said, ""Our management team has had ongoing and positive communications with the police,"" and added that the restaurant was cooperating with the investigation.

Rick Van Warner, a spokesman for the Dallas-based corporate franchisor, said the company is reviewing the circumstances surrounding the shooting and is ""seriously considering revoking"" the Waco location's franchise agreement.

Van Warner said he couldn't address what the franchise owners ""did or didn't do leading up to this,"" but added that the company is ""very upset that clearly our standards of safety and security were not upheld in this particular case,"" he said.

Doug Greeness, a biker from Belton, Texas, was near the scene Sunday evening. He said he's a member of a family riding club and was waiting for friends to be released from custody so he could return home.

Greeness, who was not inside the restaurant when the melee broke out, described the event as a meeting of a biker association called the Texas Confederation of Clubs and Independents. He said the group meets to ""discuss issues within the biker community.""

Officers with numerous law enforcement agencies were seen parked along the service road for I-35 near the city and were stationed in several points in downtown Waco around the local convention center. Swanton said authorities are increasing security in the area to prevent further violence among the gangs.

In addition to local and state police, agents from the FBI and federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives were also at the scene about an hour and a half south of Dallas.

According to the Austin American-Statesman, McLennan County Sheriff McNamara said Sunday night area law enforcement had been aware of bad feelings amongst biker gangs recently.",1
2718,CNBC moderators get bipartisan drubbing for debate performance,"Analysts across the political spectrum may be at odds over who won the third Republican presidential debate, but they seem to agree on one thing: the CNBC moderators had a very bad night.

The negative reaction to the debate questions and other factors has become a story unto itself, almost overshadowing the actual policy debates that broke out in between the candidate-moderator rancor Wednesday night.

The Republican candidates and observers complained the questions were demeaning, silly, and designed to provoke confrontation rather than genuine policy discussion. Others took aim at the debate format, and wondered about  the moderators’ professionalism.

On several sites aggregating Twitter reaction, the moderators were declared the losers, “hands down.”

The Washington Post declared it “CNBC’s really bad debate night.”

“The moderators had a worse night than the New York Mets … this was a trainwreck,” Fox News' Howard Kurtz charged Thursday, referring to Game 2 of the World Series, and calling the debate questions “condescending, snide, hostile and borderline insulting.”

While it might not have hurt CNBC during the broadcast -- the network touted 14 million viewers the following day, a network record -- it got a drubbing from candidates and party leaders during and after the prime-time event.

""While I was proud of our candidates and the way they handled tonight’s debate, the performance by the CNBC moderators was extremely disappointing and did a disservice to their network, our candidates, and voters,” RNC Chairman Reince Priebus said in a statement, calling the questioning “deeply unfortunate.”

CNBC’s John Harwood was blasted for asking Donald Trump whether he was running a ""comic book"" campaign, and asking Mike Huckabee if he thought Trump had “the moral authority” to be president -- a question Trump called ""nasty."" Moderator Carl Quintanilla later called Marco Rubio a “young man in a hurry” in reference to his age and his experience in the Senate.

Huckabee, the former Arkansas governor, told Fox News Thursday morning that “it was very frustrating to be on stage.” He faulted the moderators for not sticking to the issues and promises to divvy time equally. “They lost control of the debate,” he said.

At varying times, the audience booed the moderators, giving the candidates space to draw together for the attack against what they said was their common enemy: the liberal media.

The criticism took off after Texas Sen. Ted Cruz was asked whether his opposition to raising the debt ceiling indicates he may not be the “the kind of problem-solver American voters want.” Cruz unloaded on the moderators, blasting them for asking questions like, “Donald Trump, are you a comic-book villain? Ben Carson, can you do math? John Kasich, will you insult two people over here? Marco Rubio, why don’t you resign? Jeb Bush, why have your numbers fallen?” After the cheers for Cruz died down he suggested the moderators were Democrats.

“Nobody watching at home believes that any of the moderators has any intention of voting in a Republican primary,” he charged. Cruz used the debate to send out a fundraising letter to supporters afterward, “declaring war on the liberal media,” and went on to raise hundreds of thousands of dollars overnight. As for the focus groups following the debate, the candidates who took on the media and the moderators directly -- namely Cruz, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie -- seemed to benefit the most.

“It was brutal takedown, and CNBC’s smarmy moderators had it coming. Cruz is far from the first conservative to rail against liberal media bias, but he did it about as effectively as it can be done in 30 seconds,” said the Boston Globe’s Jeff Jacoby. “The clip of that moment will go viral.”

Even some in the entertainment world, like comedian Patton Oswalt, began agreeing with Cruz and others on stage by the end, in spite of their fundamental dislike for the GOP candidates.

Not everyone thought the moderators went too far. Some analysts argued the questions were par for the course for the debates. And Ohio Gov. John Kasich said he “thought they did a good job,” saying he was “very appreciative of how they did their job.” He felt he had time to speak and that it “wasn't a circus.""

When asked over Twitter by The Blaze about the widespread criticism, Harwood said simply, ""it comes with the job.""",1
4801,'Specific info' forces WikiLeaks to move anticipated announcement to Berlin,"Julian Assange canceled a dramatic London balcony address on Tuesday in favor of a video presentation in Berlin after WikiLeaks developed ""specific information"" regarding Assange's safety, the leaked emails clearinghouse tweeted on Monday afternoon.

Some believe the video announcement by the WikiLeaks founder could be an ""October surprise"" geared towards the U.S. presidential election. Supporters of GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump have said they believe the announcement will be damaging to the candidacy of Democratic rival Hillary Clinton.

Assange, 45, who has lived in the Ecuadorean Embassy in London for five years as officials in Sweden have sought him on criminal charges, is set to address supporters in Berlin via a video link at 3 a.m. ET.

“I don’t want to give it away,” Assange told Fox News Channel’s Megyn Kelly in August, when he indicated he had a major scoop that could influence the race. “But it’s a variety of documents, from different types of institutions that are associated with the election campaign, some quite unexpected angles, some quite interesting, some even entertaining.”

In a subsequent interview with Fox News Channel’s Sean Hannity last month, Assange said his next round of revelations was coming “reasonably soon.”

“The first batch is reasonably soon,” he told Hannity. “We are quite confident about it now.”

Assange has already played a key role in the presidential race, with the release of 20,000 internal emails that indicated the Democratic National Committee appeared to conspire to prevent Bernie Sanders from winning the nomination. Those revelations surfaced in August, just before the party’s convention, proving embarrassing to Clinton’s campaign. They also led to the resignation of DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz.

Though no recent public revelations directly tie to Assange's security fears, various U.S. officials and pundits have made threatening statements directed at him in the past. WikiLeaks on Monday tweeted an alleged quote from a 2010 State Department meeting at which then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton asked if Assange could be killed in a drone strike. That same year, former Democrat strategist Bob Beckel said on Fox News Channel that ""a dead man can't leak stuff.""

Assange also has hinted that deceased DNC staffer Seth Rich may have been a source for WikiLeaks. Rich, 27, was found with multiple gunshot wounds to the back at a Washington, D.C., intersection in July. He died soon thereafter. Authorities believe Rich was the target of a botched robbery, but his death has inspired conspiracy theories.



WikiLeaks has published more than 10 million leaked emails, including sensitive information about prisoners at Guantanamo Bay, U.S. military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan and a cache of diplomatic cables from U.S. embassies around the world.",1
3531,Iowa Christians struggle to square faith with fear over refugees,"Des Moines, Iowa (CNN) As Christians, they want to be compassionate. As Americans, they want to be safe.

That's the message from Iowa Republicans as they come to terms with the Syrian refugee crisis that has quickly dominated the presidential race. Nearly the entire Republican field has taken a hardline stance toward admitting any more Muslim refugees, raising the specter that Islamic militants could infiltrate the refugee population and therefore immigrate easily to the United States.

For conservatives on edge after the attacks on Paris, the rhetoric resonates.

But at least half of the votes cast in next February's primary here will come from those who come from the evangelical tradition. And some here say they're not watching the plight of persecuted Syrians as Republican primary voters but as Christians whose faith tells them to be compassionate -- and that could mean accepting refugees who have nowhere else to turn.

""I'm not trying to cast aspersions on Muslims in general, because I'm sure the vast majority of Muslims are good people just like the vast majority of Christians are,"" said Richard Tucker, sitting alone an hour before a major Iowa faith conference began Friday.

""You can be very compassionate towards people, but to me, my first responsibility is to my family, my community,"" he said. ""No matter how much compassion I may have for some other group, if I don't think I can allow that group into my community or near my family and be safe,"" then they can't be let in.

The attacks in Paris last week immediately rocked the Republican race, and the entire field spent much of the week telling voters how tough they would be toward ISIS and the Syrian refugee population. Several GOP candidates said they would openly accept Christian refugees but that Muslims posed too great a risk.

Late this week, several Republican presidential candidates raced even further to the right. Ben Carson compared some in the refugee population to ""rabid dogs."" And Donald Trump said he was open to the idea of a national registry of all Muslims in the United States.

For Iowans jittery that a Paris-like attack could happen here at home, that language might be a political winner.

""I really don't want to get blown up by them SOB's,"" said Carl Arson, a small farmer who came to Ted Cruz's town hall in Harlan, Iowa on Friday to decide between Cruz and Trump. Arson said he supported sending all Muslims currently in the U.S. out of the country. ""I don't trust them. Isn't this a Christian nation? Am I wrong?""

The refugee crisis has hung over all of Cruz's events for the past week as the Texas Republican tried to take the harshest anti-ISIS position. At the Harlan town hall, state Rep. Steve Holt said Cruz's advocacy was another reason why he supported Cruz for president.

Holt told CNN that the U.S. should consider another Trump proposal this week -- closing down some mosques that foster Islamic extremism or anti-Americanism.

""I'm a 20-year Marine, I'm a Republican. I'm not afraid of widows and orphans. I do fear for the safety of my country and the safety of my children,"" Holt said. ""I'll tell you, the compassionate thing to do would've been for President Obama to have a policy that would not lead to what were dealing with right now.""

Other Iowans of faith struggled more openly with the balance. Michelle Steen, a 61-year-old greeter at the faith forum here, said she does want the Muslim refugees to eventually be sheltered by the West but that she understands the need for a short-term pause.

Steen, who supports Carson, said she appreciated his analogy of airplane passengers securing their own oxygen mask during an emergency before helping their children or friends.

""Let's get our country secure, and then we can help others,"" she said as evangelicals streamed into their seats. ""It'd be better to wait and just be safe about it.""

A few feet away, Josh Byers, a 37-year-old pastor at Willowcreek Baptist Church in West Des Moines, said he too believed the U.S. put national security challenges before the dictums of his faith. He said he supported not allowing Syrian Muslims into the United States.

But that doesn't mean the church can't forcefully back Syrians in need, helping to house the homeless and feed the hungry, even if they are not Christians.

""The church's role is not to be the state. The state's role is not to be the church,"" Byers said. ""It's very clear scripiturally that that's the case, and practically, it works out pretty well, too.""",1
630,A Combative Donald Trump Shows Up at Tampa and Pittsburgh Rallies,"Some people who know Republican presumptive presidential nominee say he has two aspects: a thoughtful, charming private demeanor and an impulsive, inflammatory public persona. But now, two public images of Mr. Trump appear to be emerging: the scripted candidate who affirms conservative ideals and attacks presumptive Democratic nominee , and the free-wheeling headliner at rallies […]",1
1971,First Take: Can a 'wacko bird' take flight in the GOP?,"He's combative. He rejects compromise as ""the mushy middle."" He's not inclined to wait his turn. And he doesn't seem to mind annoying his Republican elders with tactics that critics see as destructive and short-sighted.

So perhaps it's no surprise that little more than two years after he was sworn in to the Senate, the 44-year-old Texan on Monday became the first contender to officially announce his campaign for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016. He skipped the one-step-at-a-time tradition of announcing an ""exploratory"" committee to declare flatly that he was in the race.

""It's going to take a new generation of courageous conservatives to help make America great again,"" Cruz said in a 30-second video he posted on Twitter early Monday morning, followed by a speech at Liberty University, ""and I'm ready to stand with you to lead the fight.""

He won't be lonely for long. Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul is slated to announce his candidacy in two weeks, likely followed in short order by yet another Republican senator, Marco Rubio of Florida. That's not to mention the governors (Wisconsin's Scott Walker, New Jersey's Chris Christie, Louisiana's Bobby Jindal), the former governors (Florida's Jeb Bush, Texas' Rick Perry, Arkansas' Mike Huckabee), the former senators (Pennsylvania's Rick Santorum) and the others who already are visiting Iowa and New Hampshire and hiring staffers for nascent campaigns.

At his speech, a handful of students in a prominent front row sported red ""Stand With Rand"" sweatshirts.

Cruz has been overshadowed in recent months by Bush, Walker and other contenders who have more muscular fundraising networks and stronger institutional support. In the Senate, he has been more of an agitator than a legislator. Arizona Sen. John McCain, the GOP's 2008 nominee, once called him a ""wacko bird.""

That said, Cruz is worth watching.

For one thing, the skills he honed as a college debater at Princeton — he was named U.S. National Speaker of the Year in 1992 — should serve him well in the series of crowded primary debates.

For another, while his Tea Party credentials might be a mixed blessing in a general election, in the primaries they align him with the most energized forces in the Republican grass roots today. That helped him upset the establishment's favorite, lieutenant governor David Dewhurst, for the Republican Senate nomination in 2012.

What's more, the locale Cruz chose to make Monday's announcement reflects his efforts to broaden his electoral base by wooing Christian conservatives, another key group in the GOP coalition. He spoke at the Lynchburg, Va., school founded by evangelical leader Jerry Falwell that describes itself on its website as the largest Christian university in the world.

His speech had the ring of the religious testimony of an evangelical church. He declared his opposition to abortion and his support of traditional marriage. He emotionally described how his father's embrace of Jesus saved his parents' marriage. His father, Rafael, a pastor at a suburban Dallas church, fled Castro's Cuba in 1957.

Cruz's Cuban-American heritage would be a selling point for the Republican Party as it tries to reach out to Hispanic voters, although his hardline stance on immigration could be a complication with those voters. And speaking of biography, he has an education that might surprise those inclined to dismiss him: He was graduated from Princeton and then from Harvard Law School, magna cum laude, before clerking at the Supreme Court for Chief Justice William Rehnquist.

At one point, he urged his audience to ""take out your cellphones"" and text the word ""Constitution"" or ""Liberty"" — ""we're flexible,"" he said — to a number linked to his campaign.",1
4444,Bernie Sanders Got Republicans To Make His Argument For Universal Health Care,"WASHINGTON -- In their ongoing efforts to roll back or hamstring Obamacare, Republicans probably weren't hoping that the first Senate hearing on the matter this year would feature a self-described ""democratic socialist"" getting GOP witnesses to back a key argument for universal health care.

Thursday's hearing of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions was devoted to the question of moving the full-time work standard under the Affordable Care Act from 30 hours a week to 40 hours, and whether more workers would be hurt by the higher or lower limit.

But to Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), who has long supported the creation of a universal health care system, battling over that particular point began to seem absurd, and he opened his remarks by noting that in every other developed country, such a debate would make no sense at all.

""The argument of whether you provide health insurance to people who work 30 hours a week or whether they work 40 hours a week -- whoa,"" Sanders said. ""In every major country on Earth, health care is a right of all people.""

With that as his premise, he then asked three of the hearing's witnesses -- two business owners and a school superintendent -- whether their lives and daily endeavors would be improved if government lifted from them the burden of providing health care to their workers.

And despite all the GOP's cries and criticisms of ""socialized medicine"" when the Affordable Care Act was making its way through Congress years ago, the two Republican panelists agreed nearly as readily.

""A question like that -- sure,"" said Betsy Webb, who runs the Bangor School Department in Maine. ""But what is the reality?""

""The reality is that maybe it should not have to be the responsibility of the Bangor school district to provide health care, that maybe it should be a right of all of our people, whether they work at McDonald's in Bangor, whether they work for the school district, to have health care,"" said Sanders, before taking up the question with the next witness, Andrew Puzder, the CEO of CKE Restaurants, which runs the Carl's Jr. and Hardee's chains.

""If what you're saying, Senator, is that if we had a bill that was debated, that was vetted through congressional committees, and we looked at the health care system and really tried to come up with a more rational solution, I would say you're absolutely right,"" Puzder said.

He allowed that he and Sanders ""might not agree on the ultimate solution,"" but when Sanders pressed Puzder on whether he would rather not have to worry about providing health care and instead focus on his products, the CEO was emphatic.",1
2984,"Boehner, McConnell split over NSA bill","With less than two weeks to go before the National Security Agency surveillance program's authority expires, House Speaker John Boehner and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell -- who both stress the need for the program -- are at odds over how to renew it.

The disagreement centers on whether it should be the responsibility of the government or telecommunications companies to store phone records. McConnell wants to see the current law extended as it is. Boehner, however, favors the USA Freedom Act, a law overwhelmingly passed by the House last week that would have the companies hold onto the data, which could only be accessed by intelligence agencies through authorization from special courts.

Both Democratic and Republican proponents of the law admit that they aren't confident the dispute will be resolved in time to avoid a disruption in the program that was put in place after the 9/11 attacks.

""The House had an overwhelmingly large vote for the USA Freedom Act. It's time for the Senate to act,"" Boehner said Tuesday after he was asked about McConnell's opposition to the law. ""I don't try to suggest what the Senate should or shouldn't do. But the Senate needs to act, and when they act, we'll get the next step.""

Boehner sidestepped a question on whether he would support a short-term extension of the current law or another compromise proposal, repeating that the Senate needed to deal with the issue. It's an argument being echoed by Senate Democrats. New York Sen. Chuck Schumer, the third highest-ranking Senate Democrat, said McConnell was ""alone on an island"" and that the broad support for the USA Freedom Act in the House was like a ""boat"" being offered to McConnell to get off that island. Minority Leader Harry Reid also pointed to the strong bipartisan vote for the reform bill in the House and called the path in the Senate ""extremely clear."" Reid also referred to the current law as ""illegal,"" a reference to a recent federal appeals court ruling that Congress had not specifically authorized the data collection program when it approved the Patriot Act in the wake of the 2001 terror attacks. ""We should reform the NSA's illegal spying powers. Extending an illegal program would be deeply irresponsible, especially when bipartisan reform is on the table,"" Reid said. ""One hundred and ninety Republicans voted for it in the House. How can Republicans over here say that's not good enough?"" McConnell said Tuesday there would be a vote on the USA Freedom Act in the Senate this week, but while Schumer said ""almost all the Democrats"" would vote for the legislation, it is not clear the bill can get the 60 votes needed to clear the chamber. McConnell has put forward a bill to extend the current law as is for 60 days, a move supported by top Senate Republican leaders, but it is not clear whether that bill has enough support to pass, either. Sen. Mitch McConnell speaks to members of the media after a weekly Senate Republican Policy Luncheon in December 2014 in Washington. For 30 years, McConnell has represented Kentucky in the Senate, and this year he went from minority leader to majority leader after the GOP swept to power in the midterm elections. Click through to see other moments from McConnell's political career. Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn, left, McConnell, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, and Senate Minority Leader Sen. Harry Reid, D-Nevada, pose for photos at the U.S. Capitol in Washington on March 3, the day of Netanyahu's controversial speaking engagement before a joint session of Congress. President Barack Obama sits beside McConnell before a meeting in the Cabinet Room at the White House on January 13. A voter gives a thumbs-down as McConnell votes in the midterm elections in November 2014 in Louisville, Kentucky. McConnell waves to a crowd while riding with his wife, Elaine Chao, in the Hopkins Country Veterans Day Parade in November 2014 in Madisonville, Kentucky. McConnell and Kentucky Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes, his Democratic opponent in the 2014 election, sit with ""Kentucky Tonight"" host Bill Goodman before their debate in October in Lexington. McConnell talks with supporters at a campaign rally in Hindman, Kentucky, during a two-day bus tour of the eastern part of the state in August 2014. McConnell walks with ""America's Got Talent"" contestant Jimmy Rose to a news conference on the economic ramifications of the Environmental Protection Agency's proposed power plant rules in July 2014. McConnell and Chao wave to supporters at a victory celebration following McConnell's victory in the Republican senatorial primary on May 20, 2014, in Louisville, Kentucky. McConnell carries a musket onstage before his speech during the American Conservative Union's Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in National Harbor, Maryland, in March 2014. McConnell and fellow Republican Rand Paul, Kentucky's junior senator, attend an event in the East Room of the White House in July 2013. McConnell points to a stack of papers representing what he says are the regulations associated with the Affordable Care Act as he speaks at the 2013 CPAC in National Harbor, Maryland. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nevada, and McConnell listen during a dedication ceremony of the statue of former President Gerald Ford at the Rotunda of the U.S. Capitol in May 2011. McConnell answers questions from reporters at the Capitol in September 2007. McConnell introduces then-President George W. Bush at a National Republican Senatorial Committee Reception in Washington in October 2006. Then-Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, R-Tennessee, center, is flanked by McConnell, Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, and then-Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchinson, R-Texas, as he speaks to reporters after a Senate vote in May 2005. McConnell poses with wife Elaine Chao at the 128th running of the Kentucky Derby at Churchill Downs in Louisville in May 2002. McConnell, left, Sen. Trent Lott, R-Mississippi, Vice President Dick Cheney, President George W. Bush, Sen. Strom Thurmond, R-South Carolina, and House Speaker Dennis Hastert, R-Illinois, are pictured during Bush's inauguration to his first term on January 20, 2001. Sen. Christopher Dodd, D-Connecticut, and McConnell hammer the ""first nails"" into a piece of wood during a nail-driving ceremony in December 2000 on Capitol Hill. Both senators participated in the ceremony to signify the beginning of construction of the 2001 Inaugural platform on the West Front Terrace of the U.S. Capitol. Sen. Robert Byrd, D-West Virginia, and McConnell enter the ""Old Senate Chamber"" in January 1999 to attend a bipartisan caucus to possibly establish rules and guidelines for the impeachment trial of President Bill Clinton. House leaders say they plan to wrap up work and leave town Thursday for a week-long recess for the Memorial Day holiday, potentially before the Senate votes. Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr said Monday he is trying to find a compromise that would keep the data in the hands of the government for now but eventually transition it to the phone companies. He said if the Senate passes that bill or a separate short-term extension, the House could approve it when it reconvenes June 1 and not cause significant disruption to the surveillance program. Such a plan is not likely to sit well with House members, who feel their big vote last week was a clear signal of what the House feels should become law. ""They ought to take the House-passed bill, which was passed overwhelmingly in bipartisan fashion, and pass that bill,"" said Maryland Democratic Rep. Steny Hoyer, the second highest-ranking House Democrat. But he said he didn't believe the Senate would be able to pass any NSA bill this week, citing a threat from Kentucky Republican Sen. Rand Paul to filibuster an extension. Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain, who supports a clean extension of the Patriot Act, downplayed Paul's ability to block the bill. ""He'll get a lot of publicity for a day or so, but it won't affect the process overall,"" he said. McCain was also asked what the split over the issue says about the Republican Party. ""It says that we ought to get our act together,"" McCain replied. John Boehner has been the speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives since 2011, making him second in line for the presidency, behind the vice president. On September 25, Boehner told colleagues he's stepping down as speaker and will leave Congress at the end of October. Look back at his career in politics so far. Pope Francis walks with Speaker Boehner and Vice President Joe Biden after delivering a speech to Congress in Washington on September 24. Afghanistan President Ashraf Ghani (right) expresses his country's gratitude for America's fiscal commitment and military sacrifices during an address to a joint meeting of the United States Congress with Vice President Joe Biden (left) and Speaker of the House John Boehner (R-OH) in the House Chamber of the U.S. Capitol March 25 in Washington. U.S. President Barack Obama walks with Speaker of the House John Boehner as they depart the annual Friend's of Ireland luncheon on Capitol Hill in Washington on March 17. U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and Speaker of the House John Boehner await the arrival of President Barack Obama for the State of The Union address on January 20 in the House Chamber of the Capitol. The image of the Speaker of the House John Boehner (R-OH) is displayed in a monitor of a camera as he talks with reporters in his office in the Capitol in November 2014 in Washington. Boehner blasts conservative groups during a press conference in December 2013 after passing a compromise budget deal aimed at removing the threat of another government shutdown. Fed up with criticism from conservative advocates, Boehner said they were ""misleading their followers."" He followed up with: ""Frankly, I just think that they've lost all credibility."" Reporters question Boehner as he arrives at the U.S. Capitol as the government stalemate continued in October 2013. President Obama signed a bill on October 17 that ended the 16-day shutdown and raised the debt ceiling. Boehner speaks to the media after a meeting with President Obama at the White House in October 2013, the second day of the federal government's recent shutdown. The White House squared off with Republican rivals in Congress over how to fund federal agencies, many of which were forced to close, leaving a fragile economy at risk. Boehner is sworn in as the speaker of the House after his re-election in January 2013. Boehner presents golfing legend Arnold Palmer with the Congressional Gold Medal at a special ceremony in the Rotunda of the Capitol in September 2012. On January 5, 2011, Boehner wipes away tears as he waits to receive the gavel from outgoing House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-California, during the first session of the 112th Congress. Boehner hugs his wife, Debbie, after addressing the crowd at the NRCC Election Night watch party on November 2, 2010, when Republicans took back control of the House of Representatives. Boehner met his wife in college, and they have been married since 1973. Boehner voices his concerns about the health care reform bill championed by Obama during a news conference in Washington on October 29, 2009. Boehner, an avid golfer, talks with Tiger Woods while golfing at the Congressional Country Club in Bethesda, Maryland, in 2009. Boehner, center, looks on as President Barack Obama speaks with then-House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer in the East Room of the White House on February 23, 2009. Boehner and Obama have butted heads over the years. Boehner, center, and fellow Republican House members sing Boehner's birthday song during a news conference on Capitol Hill on November 17, 2006. Boehner served as the House Minority Leader from 2007 to 2011. Boehner answers questions during an interview with Bloomberg in Washington on June 29, 2005. President George W. Bush signs into law the federal education bill No Child Left Behind at a high school in Hamilton, Ohio, in 2002. The law offered the promise of improved schools for the nation's poor and minority children and better-prepared students in a competitive world. Boehner, second from right, backed the bill. Boehner and House Majority Leader Dick Armey, R-Texas, listen to House Speaker Newt Gingrich at a 1997 news conference with entrepreneurs promoting the GOP tax relief plan. Boehner dumps out coal, which he called a Christmas gift to President Clinton, during a news conference about the federal budget on December 21, 1995. Many government services and agencies were closed at the end of 1995 and beginning of 1996 as a Republican-led Congress battled Clinton over spending levels. Boehner at a Capitol Hill news conference on February 6, 1995. He has had a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives since 1990. Before that he was a member of the Ohio State House of Representatives for six years. Boehner, R-Ohio, holds a copy of the Constitution on Capitol Hill in Washington on May 7, 1992, as Sen. Don Nickles, D-Oklahoma, looks on. Both men proclaimed it was a historic day when the Michigan House ratified the 27th Amendment to the Constitution, which would require that any Congressional pay raises not go into effect until after the next election.",1
1830,Rick Santorum hopes 99-county Iowa tour leads to success,"Lyon County gave the former Pennsylvania Senator his biggest margin of victory in the 2012 Iowa caucuses, winning by 62%. The county, Santorum said, ""Stood with us from the very beginning ... I'm just coming back to say thank you, Lyon County, for the wonderful support.""

A visit to all 99 counties, dubbed ""the full Grassley"" after Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley, who visits every county every year, is an important organizing tactic to candidates looking to get to know voters in the first-in-the-nation caucus state. Santorum is the first 2016 presidential candidate to complete the challenge, his second time personally completing the feat

Republican Party of Iowa co-chairman Dr. Cody Hoefert told CNN a visit to all 99 counties is ""critically important"" for candidates.

""It quite often turns out that the candidate that spends the most time, effort, and energy in Iowa tends to get rewarded on caucus night,"" Hoefert said.

If that's true, his efforts have yet to show in the polls. In a recent CNN/ORC poll of likely caucus-goers, Santorum had just 1% of support. In that same poll, 66% of respondents said they were still trying to decide who to support. This cycle, Santorum faces competition from other social conservatives in the race, including neurosurgeon Ben Carson, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, who won the caucuses in 2008. The former senator defended his standing in the polls to reporters, noting that his 99-county tour has been focused on building out the campaign's organization at the grassroots level. ""It's a long, arduous process... People say, 'Oh, you're just trying to check a box.' No, no, no. This is how you win caucuses,"" Santorum said. ""You meet people and you connect with folks like we have here in Lyon County, and then you recruit other folks to be your caucus chairs, to recruit other folks to speak for you in the caucuses. All of those things are sort of the nuts and bolts go unseen in a race like this that don't pay off five months before the election, they pay off five days before the election and on caucus night."" In his pitch to the 200 or so Iowans assembled, Santorum focused on his record and work in elected office, particularly on social issues. ""Let me assure you if you look at my track record, for 15 or 20 years, I have been standing up and taking the slings and arrows, not just for the right to life, not just on partial birth or things like the Born Alive Protection Act. But for marriage,"" said Santorum, who served in the House and Senate from 1995 until 2007. Asked about the support for outsider candidates during what's been called the ""summer of discontent,"" he said, ""People are ticked off."" ""They're understandably saying we just want someone new, somebody that can shake things up and then you'll hear candidates who for one reason or another are folks that they trust will actually do something different.""",1
4520,Bill Maher on Charlie Hebdo attacks: “There are no great religions; they’re all stupid and dangerous”,"The political comedian, who is promoting the upcoming season of “Real Time with Bill Maher,” was responding to the attack on Charlie Hebdo, which left 12 people dead, 11 wounded and is viewed as a direct attack on freedom of speech.

“This has to stop, and unfortunately, a lot of the liberals, who are my tribe — I am a proud liberal–” Maher began.

“He’s about to turn on you,” Kimmel joked.

“No, I’m not turning on them,” Maher continued. “I’m asking them to turn toward the truth, as I have been for quite a while. I’m the liberal in this debate. I’m for free speech. To be a liberal, you have to stand up for liberal principles. It’s not my fault that the part of the world that is most against liberal principles is the Muslim part of the world.”

Maher contended that most Muslims would not carry out such an attack, but claimed that “hundreds of millions of them” support attacks of this manner. Maher called for a complete condemnation of the attack, and broadened his view to the dangers of all religion. “We have to stop saying when something like this that happened in Paris today, we have to stop saying, well, we should not insult a great religion,” Maher said. “First of all, there are no great religions; they’re all stupid and dangerous. And we should insult them, and we should be able to insult whatever we want. That is what free speech is like.”",1
2555,Judge orders Obama administration to release illegal immigrants from 'deplorable' facilities,"A federal judge in California has ruled that hundreds of illegal immigrant women and children in U.S. holding facilities should be released, another apparent setback for President Obama’s immigration policy, according to The Los Angeles Times.

U.S. District Judge Dolly Gee said Friday that the conditions in which the detainees are being held are “deplorable” and violate parts of an 18-year-old court settlement that put restrictions on the detention of migrant children.

The ruling also raises questions about what the administration will do with the estimated 1,700 parents and children at three detention facilities, two in Texas and one in Pennsylvania.

Last year, tens of thousands of women and unaccompanied minors from Central America arrived at the Southwest border, with many believing a rumor that unaccompanied children and single parents with at least one child would be allowed to stay.

More than 68,000 of them were apprehended and detained while officials decided whether they had a right to stay.

Many were being released and told to appear at immigration offices until the administration eventually opened new detention centers.

Gee said in her ruling that children in the two Texas facilities had been held in substandard conditions and gave the administration until Aug. 3 to respond.

“We are disappointed with the court's decision and are reviewing it in consultation with the Department of Justice,” Marsha Catron, press secretary for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, said in a prepared statement given to The Times.

Many of the Central Americans who crossed the Southwest border illegally last summer said they were fleeing poverty and escalating gang violence.

The Texas facilities are run by private companies, while the one in Pennsylvania is run by a county government.

In February, a federal judge blocked Obama's 2012 executive action to protect millions of undocumented immigrants from being deported.

And a federal appeals court in New Orleans refused three months later to allow the program to go forward, denying an administration request to lift the lower court decision.

Gee’s decision is also seen as a victory for the immigrant rights lawyers who brought the case.

The ruling upholds a tentative decision Gee made in April and comes a week after the two sides told her that they failed to reach a new settlement agreement as she had requested.

The 1997 settlement bars immigrant children from being held in unlicensed, secure facilities. Gee found that settlement covered all children in the custody of federal immigration officials, even those being held with a parent.

The Justice Department had argued it was necessary to modify the settlement and use detention to try to deter more immigrants from coming to the border after last year's surge. The department also said it was an important way to keep families together while their immigration cases were being reviewed, but the judge rejected that argument in her decision.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3952,14 dead as Islamic rebels attack in Philippines,"MANILA, Philippines — Christmas attacks by Muslim rebels in Christian villages in the southern Philippines left at least 14 people dead and may have been partly influenced by the notoriety of the Islamic State group, officials said Saturday.

The dead included nine Christian villagers separately gunned down by Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighter insurgents and at least five rebels killed by government forces in clashes in three provinces on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, said regional military spokeswoman Capt. Joan Petinglay.

About 200 rebels took part in at least eight attacks on Thursday and Friday, Petinglay said by phone. She said the military learned about the impending attacks and secured towns and villages and warned villagers not to venture out, preventing a larger number of casualties.

""We learned that the BIFF had plans to attack civilians and our detachments so we went on heightened alert even before Christmas,"" Petinglay said. ""That prevented the rebels from attacking villages and inflicting more casualties.""

Despite warnings from the military, five farmers went to their farms Thursday to spray insecticide on their crops in Maguindanao province and were captured and gunned down by the rebels, she said.

In a nearby village in Esperanza town in Sultan Kudarat province, rebels fleeing from army troops took a family hostage on Thursday, freeing a mother and her child but killing three men. A village official was also gunned down by the militants late Thursday in a village in North Cotabato province.

Villagers in one area hid in a Roman Catholic church after word of the rebel assaults spread, Petinglay said.

At least four rebels died in a clash when they assaulted a military outpost in Esperanza town on Thursday, sparking a gunbattle, the military said. One other wounded rebel was reported to have died in a village clinic, according to Petinglay.

Two homemade bombs were left by the militants in a jungle trail where pursuing army troops would pass, but the soldiers found the explosives, she said.

The hard-line rebels broke off from the larger Moro Islamic Liberation Front several years ago when they opposed the latter's decision to hold peace talks with the Philippine government, opting to continue to fight for a separate homeland in the south for minority Muslims in the predominantly Catholic Philippines.

A Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighter spokesman said last year that his group supports Islamic State militants in Syria and Iraq.

Government peace talks negotiator Miriam Coronel-Ferrer said the breakaway rebels may have carried out the attacks to ride on the restiveness fostered by the Islamic State group and to exploit delays in the enforcement of a peace deal signed by the government and the Moro Islamic Liberation Front last year.

""They're riding on the ferment of (the Islamic State) and, second, they see uncertainties precisely because of the delay and they want to generate some momentum,"" Ferrer told The Associated Press.

The latest attacks were the most brazen by the breakaway rebels since a military offensive against their group left more than 100 gunmen dead early this year. The rebel faction still has about 100 armed fighters who may have been joined by relatives and new recruits to stage the attacks, the military said.

Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.",1
3431,"Political paralysis is the new normal: The GOP’s Scalia gamble may be suicidal, but it’s not illogical","According to numerous scholars who have weighed in since the death of Justice Antonin Scalia over the weekend, historical and constitutional precedent indicates that the president of the United States is elected for a four-year term, and does not stop being president until he or she, um, actually leaves office. That’s a hot take on a controversial topic, I know! It’s nearly as confusing as the question of who was president at the time of the 9/11 attacks, which Marco Rubio seems to think took place during some extended Bill Clinton prequel to “The Hangover,” while George W. Bush wore funny costumes and did non-alcoholic Jell-O shots and kept forgetting he had taken the oath of office.

But history’s bunk, as Henry Ford sorta, kinda said nearly a century ago. And so is reality, at least when it comes to politics in 2016, a year whose revolutionary strangeness demands a new descriptive term. “Postmodern” is way too old-fashioned, too ‘90s. Our politics are increasingly post-partisan, post-rational, post-factual and even post-political. Even the New York Times has noticed. In a story published Tuesday about the running battle over judicial appointments between the Obama administration and the Republican leadership of the Senate, reporter Charlie Savage wonderingly observed that “history is no longer a guide in a polarized Washington, where partisan warfare over judicial nominations has been escalating for more than a generation.”

That qualifies as what Friedrich Nietzsche would have called a “daybreak” moment, the dawning of a new awareness. (I agree that I quote him too much; that’s it for now.) Please notice the inherent contradiction in Savage’s sentence: “History” is no longer a guide because it is no longer history, that is, because the lessons that a mainstream commentator is supposed to draw from history no longer reflect what has actually happened. The Republican Party’s long-term strategy of paralysis, refusal and denial — of crushing all lingering vestiges of democracy under a sodden weight of nihilism and apathy — is the new normal.

That strategy stretches back at least as far as the Bill Clinton years, and has gone into Koch-funded steroid overdrive in the Citizens United era. As its zillionaire funders clearly grasp, that strategy represents the GOP’s best hope for repeated midterm victories and a stranglehold on congressional power into the indefinite future. It’s the strategy that produced the Koch brothers’ greatest single victory, to set against their more visible record of bankrolling losers like Scott Walker and Jeb Bush (and, most likely, Marco Rubio). That victory was, of course, the 37 percent turnout in the 2014 midterms, when both Democrats and moderate Republicans stayed home in droves and the GOP won its largest congressional majority since 1931.

So I don’t think it’s quite right to describe the Republican leadership’s vow to reject any possible Supreme Court nominee put forward by President Obama during his last year in office as unprecedented or particularly surprising. It’s useless to talk about precedent as if that word meant something these days, for starters. There is no relevant precedent for anything happening in American politics right now, except perhaps for some limited parallels one could identify in the severely divided nation of the 1850s, on the cusp of the Civil War.

As far as surprise goes, give me a break. Do I take a cynical view of all the expressions of amazement and righteous indignation from Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders and every other leading Democrat and the entire leftward half of the commentariat? Sure I do: They sense political opportunity and the chance to shoot a flattering selfie with the Constitution behind them. Which is fair play and all, but let’s not mistake it for high-minded principle. It might be fair to give Sanders an asterisk on this one, but the Democratic Party as a whole has been a junior partner or fellow traveler in the politics of paralysis, and has done virtually nothing to resist it.

It’s no secret that the current Republican leadership in Congress is essentially held hostage by the most extreme elements of its base. We have all forgotten about John Boehner, for understandable reasons, but please remember that the duly elected speaker of the House was forced to quit for being not enough of a do-nothing obstructionist. For any elected Republican to offer a fair hearing to any Obama nominee at any level of government is tantamount to treason; half the Republican electorate apparently believes that Obama is not a United States citizen and not the lawful president in the first place. What proportion of them believes that Obama had Scalia murdered in order to ban all guns, open the borders and institute Sharia law remains unclear. (“I’m hearing it’s a big topic,” says Donald Trump, fueling a new bump in the polls.) And here we are, facing a Supreme Court vacancy after the death of the most conservative justice in recent history — or ever, quite likely — under the aforementioned lame-duck Islamo-Democratic so-called president.

Whether the Republicans can successfully run out the clock on the Obama administration without paying a devastating political price remains to be seen. It’s a massive gamble, a game of Russian roulette played with four or five bullets in a six-shooter. But their vow to do so is the logical fulfillment of their party’s long-term commitment to paralysis as politics, and it comes as a surprise to absolutely nobody in Washington. If that tactic poses unknowable hazards for the GOP in general and its presidential nominee in particular, that’s not because it is qualitatively different from what they’ve been doing for years. It’s only because it thrusts the nihilistic strategy of the right-wing conserva-trolls who have eaten the Republican Party’s soul into the public’s face in blatant and unavoidable fashion. Honestly, it was more surprising to hear Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa, chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, take half a step back from the GOP hive-mind on Tuesday and suggest he might actually fulfill his constitutional role to hold hearings on an Obama nominee. Once upon a time, Grassley came off as a right-wing zealot among Senate Republicans. Now he’s a congenial bipartisan man of reason, not to mention an 82-year-old incumbent who faces a tough reelection fight in a purple state that Obama carried twice. Let’s not waste any compassion on Grassley, because he deserves to ride the slippery slide of ignominy however that happens. But I feel sorry for the folks who are fielding all the outraged phone calls in his Capitol Hill office right now. I don’t know whether it’s too late for some Tea Party firebrand to mount a Republican primary challenge in Iowa, but I guarantee that question is being pondered right now. It’s tempting to express delight at the current GOP dilemma, where Republicans would seem to face death by fire from the pitchfork-bearing faithful if they move forward with an Obama Supreme Court nominee, and death in the frigid ocean of a national election if they don’t. It’s tempting if you’re wearing ideological blinders, that is, and if you assume that the Democratic Party, even in its divided and eviscerated state, is guaranteed to reap a glorious victory after a lemming-like wave of Republican mass suicide. I don’t think that’s a safe assumption. Our entire bipartisan political system is in dire and potentially terminal condition, and as I keep insisting there are ample reasons to believe that the virus that has destroyed one party has also infected the other, albeit in less dramatic fashion. We’re already in a year when the Republicans seem likely to nominate a lunatic demagogue who is despised by the entire party leadership — and who, whatever he is, is not a “conservative” by anyone’s definition — and when a septuagenarian Jewish socialist is one or two victories away from being the Democratic front-runner. What will come of Obama’s impending Supreme Court nomination, and who will inherit the resulting mess next January? I have no idea. But if you still think political normalcy is about to reassert itself, any minute now, I have two words for you: Hi, Jeb!",1
949,Donald Trump’s avenging angels: How the orange-haired monster has rewritten the history of American conservatism,"Now, historians must begin to consider alternate genealogies of the American right: lineages for the orange-haired monster that no one saw coming. Our received narrative of the movement encompassed by Barry Goldwater and William F. Buckley and Strom Thurmond and Milton Friedman and Ronald Reagan just doesn’t cut it any longer.  I’ve done my best to begin the work—thinking through, for instance, Trumpism’s connection to fascism, a political tradition not heretofore considered all that relevant in the American context. Other bodies, however, are buried closer to home.

No history of modern conservatism I’m aware of finds much significance in the 22,000 Nazi sympathizers who rallied for Hitler at Madison Square Garden in February 1939, presided over by a giant banner of General George Washington that stretched almost all the way to the second deck, capped off by a menacing eagle insignia. Nor the now-infamous Ku Klux Klan march through the streets of Queens in 1927, when The New York Times reported “1,000 Klansmen and 100 policemen staged a free-for-all,” in which according to one contemporary news report all the individuals arrested were wearing Klan attire, and that one of those arrestees was Donald Trump’s own father.

In the specter of the son’s likely ascension as Republican nominee, however, such events gather significance. Consider the subsequent history of Fred Trump’s career as a developer of middle-class housing in the outer boroughs of New York City. We now know Fred Trump was notorious enough a racist to draw the attention of Woody Guthrie, who wrote a song about him in the 1950s: “I suppose/ Old Man Trump knows/ Just how much/ Racial Hate/ he stirred up/ In the bloodpot of human hearts/ When he drawed/ That color line/ Here at his/ Eighteen hundred family project.”

Twenty years later—by which time he had brought his son in as his apprentice—the hate Old Man Trump stirred in the bloodpot of human hearts became a matter of legal record, when the United States Justice Department sued Trump père et fils for violating the Fair Housing Act of 1968 in operating 39 buildings they owned. Testifying in his own defense, young Donald (who would soon be seen around town in a chauffeured limousine with a license plate reading “DJT”), testified that he was “unfamiliar” with the landmark law. As the evidence in the federal case against the Trump organization became close to incontrovertible, he told the press the suit was a conspiracy to force them “to rent to welfare recipients,” a form of “reverse discrimination.” This proud and open refusal to rent to welfare recipients—whom he said contribute to “the detriment of tenants who have, for many years, lived in these buildings, raised families in them, and who plan to live there”—was Donald Trump’s defense against racism.

It is in this saga that we locate the formation of Donald Trump’s mature political vision of the world, in continuity with America’s racist and nativist heyday of the 1920s, and within the context of a cultural world much more familiar to us: New York in the 1970s, that raging cauldron of skyrocketing violent crime, subway trains slathered with graffiti, and a fiscal crisis so dire that even police were laid off in mass—then the laid off cops blocked the Brooklyn Bridge, deflating car tires, and yanking keys from car ignitions.

Think of Trump coming of age in the New York of the 1977 blackout, the search for the Son of Sam, and Howard Cosell barking out “Ladies and gentlemen, the Bronx is burning” during game two of the World Series at Yankee stadium as a helicopter hovered over a five-alarm fire at an abandoned elementary school (40 percent of buildings in the Bronx were destroyed by the end of the 1970s, mostly via arson—often torched by landlords seeking insurance windfalls).

Think of Trump learning about the ins and outs of public life in this New York, a city of a frightened white outer-borough middle-class poised between fight or flight, in which real estate was everywhere and always a battleground, when the politics of race and crime bore all the intensity of civil war.

In The Invisible Bridge I wrote about what it was like in this New York in 1974, the summer when the federal lawsuit against the Trumps was approaching its climax, the summer when a controversial new movie began packing theaters across the five boroughs.

Two years later came an even darker, and considerably more critical, portrait of New York City’s escalating culture of vigilantism. In Taxi Driver, a deranged Vietnam veteran speaks what must have been the unspoken inner monologue of any number of real-life New Yorkers who felt trapped in an urban sewer: “Someday a real rain will come and wash all this scum off the streets.” Pistol in hand, he rehearses his revenge in the mirror: “Listen, you fuckers, you screwheads. Here is a man who would not take it any more. A man who stood up against the scum, the cunts, the dogs, the filth, the shit. Here is a man who stood up.”

When, around that time, Wall Street Journal columnist Irving Kristol coined the phrase “a neoconservative is a liberal who’s been mugged by reality”—a bowdlerization of the older adage “a conservative is a liberal who’s been mugged”—he probably didn’t have Charles Bronson in mind, let alone taxi driver Travis Bickle. Nonetheless the politics is all of a piece. Charles Bronson conservatism, Travis Bickle conservatism, the conservatism of avenging angels protecting white innocence in a  “liberal” metropolis gone mad: this is New York City’s unique contribution to the history of conservatism in America, an ideological tradition heretofore unrecognized in the historical literature. But without it, we cannot understand the rise of Donald Trump.

Trump’s political debut, after all, came in response to a mugging. Following the infamous attack on a female jogger in Central Park, Trump purchased full pages in four New York newspapers demanding, “Bring Back the Death Penalty. Bring Back Our Police!” All the hallmarks of his present crusade against “political correctness” were in evidence, such as the harkening to that bygone day when men were men, cops were cops, and punks were punks. He concluded: “I miss the feeling of security New York’s finest once gave the citizens of this City.” As I previously reported, these same police straight-jacketed by liberal timorousness had already coerced the rape suspects into confessions later proven to be false.

That’s N.Y.C.’s avenging-angel conservatism in a nutshell. And now that Trump is gliding toward an expected landslide in the New York primary on Tuesday, April 19, we must begin the work of excavating its history.

We might start with William F. Buckley—though other scholars can surely date it back further. The National Review editor’s quixotic campaign for New York mayor in 1965 is best remembered for a self-effacing quip. (“What will you do if you win?” he was asked. “Demand a recount.”) Buckley himself is now celebrated as the genteel warrior of the conservatism of a more civilized age: The New York Times, upon his death in 2008, averred of that 1965 race, “He injected a rare degree of lofty oratory into city politics.”

What he also injected was an unprecedented reactionary thuggishness. Like his idea to “undertake to quarantine all addicts, even as smallpox carriers would be quarantined during a plague.” Or “relocating chronic welfare cases outside the city limits”—in what his critics described as concentration camps for the poor. The campaign might have begun as a lark. He received hardly more than 10 percent of the vote. But in a harbinger of things to come, he finished second in some Catholic neighborhoods in Queens. Cops wore “Buckley For Mayor” buttons. When the election’s winner, the very liberal John Lindsay, campaigned in those same neighborhoods, young white men waved “Support your Local Police” placards in his face.

The stage was set, in 1966, for the next New York City law-and-order melodrama. Lindsay, now mayor, fulfilled a campaign pledge by establishing a Civilian Complaint Review Board to protect citizens from abusive cops, the better to restore trust in a police force whose utter rot was the subject that year of a bestselling book about a cop named Frank Serpico, whose reward for refusing to break the law was an attempt by fellow cops on his life.

The president of the Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association responded to Mayor Lindsay’s new board: “I am sick and tired of giving in to minority groups and their gripes and their shouting.” After a Brooklyn riot in which cops had been ordered not to use their nightsticks, the PBA got 96,888 signatures to put a referendum on the November ballot to dissolve the review board (they only needed 25,000). Their TV commercials brayed, Trump-like, Bronson-like, “The addict, the criminal, the hoodlum: only the policeman stands between you and him.” Buckley—who had orated on the campaign trail, “We need a much larger police force, enjoined to lust after the apprehension of criminals,” unencumbered by “any such political irons as civilian review boards”—might only have received 10 percent of the vote. But 12 months later, the anti-CCRB referendum won 63 percent of the popular vote. Even Jews, who were supposed to be liberal, opposed it 55 percent to 40 percent. Two years later, George Wallace brought his independent presidential bid to Madison Square Garden. “We need somemeanness,” Wallace brayed. And he got it: police had to rescue black protesters from a mob that surrounded them and chanted, “Kill ‘em!” The New Republic observed, “Never again will you read about Berlin in the ’30s without remembering this wild confrontation of two irrational forces.” The confrontation is the key: one of the things that makes New York’s conservatism of avenging angels so feral is its proximity to so many damned left-wingers. Left-wingers like Mayor Lindsay—who only won reelection in 1969 because the white ethnic backlash vote was split between two candidates, one of whom, Mario Procaccino, helped popularize the phrase “limousine liberal” in describing Lindsay. In 1971, Lindsay elected to build publicly subsidized housing in the Queens neighborhood of Forest Hills, partly upon the presumption that its largely Jewish population, only two and half decades on from the Holocaust, would be relatively free from racism of the Fred Trump sort. Apparently hizzoner wasn’t paying attention to the growing following behind Rabbi Meir Kahane, the domestic terrorist who was another of New York City’s sui generis contributions to the history of the American right. Village Voice columnist Jack Newfield reported from one of the mayor’s damage-control sessions at the Forest Hills Jewish Community Center, where Jews called “Lindsay redneck names under the shadow of the Torah.” The Voice’s Paul Cowan heard a picketer boast, “If Lindsay ever gets to be president, I’ll kill him. I’ll do just what Oswald did to John Kennedy.” His companion replied, “You won’t get the chance. Lindsay is going to get shot right here in New York.” Donald Trump, 25 years old, was just then beginning his apprenticeship in his father’s real estate organization. He made the acquaintance of Roy Cohn, who represented the family against the federal racial bias lawsuit, devising the defense that Fred Trump had no intention of excluding black tenants, just welfare recipients. Trump became a student of the legendarily reptilian thug who came to prominence as Joseph McCarthy’s lawyer. Long-time Trump-watcher Michael D’Antonio has explained: “Both were members of Le Club, a private hot spot where the rich and famous and social climbers could meet without suffering the presence of ordinary people.” Writes D’Antonio, “Cohn modeled a style for Trump that was one part friendly gossip and one part menace. . . . Trump kept a photo of the glowering Cohn so he could show it to those who might be chilled by the idea that this man was his lawyer.” It was Cohn, indeed, who introduced Trump to the nearly-as-reptilian Roger Stone, the professional dirty trickster and sexual adventurer with the giant tattoo of Richard Nixon on his back—and who, even though Trump has called him a “stone-cold loser,” has managed to hang on to a position of influence in the Trump presidential campaign. He certainly maintains an influence on Donald Trump’s view of the world. “When somebody screws you,” Stone told a reporter, “Screw ’em back—but a lot harder.” Figures like Cohn and Stone represent another branch in the New York conservative tradition: flashy, hedonistic right-wing operatives who gargle with razor blades and wear their shiny silver three-piece suits like armor. Next comes an avenging angel named Ed Koch. A former liberal, Koch won his underdog mayoral victory in 1977 in a madcap electoral free-for-all whose tenor was set on the night of July 13, when a series of lightning strikes shut down transmissions lines, the city shuddered to black, and so much crime ensued that buses filled with men in chains shuttled from jailhouse to jailhouse in search of available cells. Neoconservative Midge Decter wrote in Commentary that it was like “having been given a sudden glimpse into the foundations of one’s house and seen, with horror, that it was utterly infested and rotting away.” The supposedly liberal readership of The New York Times wrote letters to the editor like this one: “The Puerto Ricans can go back to Puerto Rico. They belong there anyway, and if the blacks do not shape up they can go to the South.” Ed Koch was virtually unknown outside his Greenwich Village neighborhood, but with a pledge to restore the death penalty, his campaign took off like a rocket. Never mind that the New York mayor had no power over capital punishment. The people had spoken: a mere 25 percent opposed bringing back what New York Daily News called “little hot squat.” Meanwhile Koch berated the “poverty pimps” and “povertitians” holding a broke city hostage, demanded the abolition of the Board of Education (a “lard barrel of waste”), denounced alleged welfare fraud, decried “the nuts on the left who dump on middle class values.” He promised, too, to unwind New York’s experiments with free college, generous welfare, and subsidized housing, which its cheerleaders on the left called “socialism in one city.” One of those cheerleaders was the one-time front-runner in the race, the very liberal Congresswoman Bella Abzug. After the blackout riots, her campaign went into a tailspin; she didn’t even make it into the runoff. An underdog did instead: the young Mario Cuomo. He said, “the death penalty cannot provide jobs for the poor. The electric chair cannot balance the budget. The electric chair cannot educate our children. The electric chair cannot give us a sound economy or save us from bankruptcy or even save my seventy-seven-year-old mother.” And besides, he would add, America was better than that. Or was it?  One time when he tried to make that same point, an old lady in Brooklyn spat in his face. Another time, someone stood up and cried, “Kill them!” Koch won, of course, and then served as New York’s mayor for the next dozen years. Although to outer-borough reactionaries like state Senator Chris Mega of Brooklyn, he was just another liberal sellout on gun control. At a December 1984 press conference, Mega demanded to know: “When will Mayor Koch provide the same level of protection to the citizens who ride the subways and pay their taxes that he enjoys surrounded by a phalanx of New York’s finest, guns at the ready?” That particular press conference was called by the National Rifle Association in support of Bernhard Goetz, an electronics salesman from Kew Gardens, Queens, who shot five young men on a graffiti-encrusted subway car who, depending on whom you believed, were either preparing to mug him or aggressively panhandling for $5. Like the character played by Charles Bronson, Goetz made the cover of Time magazine. Celebratory bumper stickers bloomed: “Ride With Bernie—He Goetz Them.” In a later interview he reflected, Travis Bickle-like, “The guys I shot represented the failure of society. . . . Forget about their ever making a positive contribution to society. It’s only a question of how much a price they’re going to cost. The solution is their mothers should have had an abortion.” One of Goetz’s biggest backers was Bob Grant, who beginning on WMCA in 1970, and then on WOR (until he was fired in 1979 for saying the only reason a black woman got her job was that “she passed the gynecological and pigmentation test”), virtually invented right-wing talk radio—and when you think about it, it hardly could have been invented anywhere else but New York. Grant won the first live radio interview with Goetz, in 1986, lamenting that he had not “finished the job by killing them all.” Three years later, after the assault in Central Park, Donald Trump offered his memorable argument to bring back little hot squat. “What has happened is the complete breakdown of life as we know it. . . . How can our great society tolerate the continued brutalization of its citizens by crazed misfits? Criminals must be told that their CIVIL LIBERTIES END WHEN AN ATTACK ON OUR SAFETY BEGINS.” In 2011, Bob Grant, impressed with Donald Trump’s campaign to force President Obama to produce his birth certificate, announced he had found his presidential candidate for 2012. Grant died in 2014, but two years later, his brand of vigilante conservatism has gone fully national. The wall Fred Trump sought to build in Queens in the early 1970s has been relocated 2,000 miles south. On Tuesday, Donald Trump will win a landslide in his home state. And somewhere, Bob Grant will be smiling. This story first appeared on the Washington Spectator",1
37,GOP and Abortion in Age of ObamaCare: Time for new strategy,"As thousands descended on Washington last week for the annual “March for Life,” the Republican House of Representatives was busy watering down an anti-abortion bill that restricted abortions after 20 weeks, except in cases of rape or incest, with exemptions allowed only after a police report had been filed. This after a small group of moderate Republican lawmakers challenged the bill and lobbied for a less restrictive measure.

It seems these moderate Republicans, fearing the bill could revive the Democrats’ phony “War on Women” mantra, erred on the side of expedience so as not to, as the Washington Post writes, “…expose Republicans in swing districts to a barrage of attack ads in 2016 from women’s rights groups and Democrats.”

The symbolism behind such a bill on the 42nd anniversary of the Supreme Court’s Roe vs. Wade decision is understandable, but if Republicans are serious about advancing protection for the unborn in the age of ObamaCare, they will adopt a different strategy. They might start by looking back 50 years to the civil rights movement.

People who are old enough to remember, or have seen the film “Selma,” recall how pictures and personal stories helped move the hearts and change the minds of many Americans in support of civil rights legislation. Pictures of blacks being beaten by white police officers or being denied service at lunch counters or forced to use separate restrooms — even murdered — shocked much of the nation.

As Black History Month begins next week, the Republican Congress should hold a series of hearings on the impact the elimination of 55 million unborn lives has had on our culture. They can begin with testimony from black women and men like J. Kenneth Blackwell, a former Ohio secretary of state and currently a policy board member of the American Civil Rights Union.

In a recent column for The Washington Times, Blackwell cited figures from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and wrote: “black women continue to have the highest abortion rate of any ethnic group, with a gruesome 483 abortions for every 1,000 births.” That’s nearly one black baby in every three, according to 2010 figures compiled by the CDC.

If “black lives matter” — and they do and should — they need to be protected in the womb, as well as in the streets.

Congressional hearings should also include people who survived abortions and are glad they did. Women who regret having had abortions can testify that if they had had more information they might have made a different choice. I have met such women and heard their stories. They are legion and can be easily contacted.

This is the key to advancing the pro-life argument. Republicans should be about “empowering women,” giving them more information so that they will be fully informed before choosing whether to sustain a life, or end one. Sonogram technology is the best tool for providing that information. Some studies found that abortion-minded women changed their minds about having an abortion after seeing their child growing in their wombs. Others found the opposite to be true. Still, women should have the choice.

Choosing an empowerment strategy will put pro-choice advocates on the defensive. They then may be the ones seeking to keep women uninformed. Don’t we have federal laws requiring truthful information on food labels so that consumers can make informed decisions about what they put in their bodies? A sonogram requirement would give a woman the information she might need to make an alternative choice and spare the life of her child. Her access to this information should not be restricted.

This is the smart way to advance the pro-life vs. pro-choice debate and change the dynamic and direction from its current stagnation. Republicans will try it if they are smart. But that, too, could be debatable.

Cal Thomas is America's most widely syndicated op-ed columnist. He joined Fox News Channel in 1997 as a political contributor. His latest book is ""What Works: Common Sense Solutions for a Stronger America"" is available in bookstores now. Readers may email Cal Thomas at tcaeditors@tribune.com.",1
19,Planned Parenthood does damage control as GOP demands answers,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
3187,The GOP has become the party from George Orwell’s nightmares,"In a recent  column  by Dana Milbank, the Washington Post columnist addresses what has become the ultimate straw man for Republican presidential candidates this year. Ever since Donald Trump dodged Megyn Kelly’s question on his derogatory comments about women at the first debate with his declaration that “the big problem this country has is being politically correct,” political correctness has been the go-to boogeyman for the entire field of GOP candidates. Whenever challenged on controversial or offensive comments, political correctness is to blame. Whenever the media fact-checks a statement, political correctness and that other boogeyman, “liberal media bias,” is to blame — and not their factually challenged statements.

“Once a pejorative term applied to liberals’ determination not to offend any ethnic or other identity group, it now is used lazily by some conservatives to label everything classified under “that with which I disagree.” GOP candidates are now using the “politically correct” label to shut down debate — exactly what conservatives complained politically correct liberals were doing in the first place.”

When an entire field of candidates tend to thrive on bullshit (especially the current front-runners), it is not at all surprising that they have certain reliable terms that vilify critics of their bullshit and shut down debate. The truth is, Republicans have long utilized a manipulative phraseology, full of euphemisms and doublespeak, used either to shut down criticism and debate, as shown above, or to acerbate the listener’s emotional state — think “baby parts” and “death panels” — or provide a positive light on something that is generally frowned upon. (Ergo: Tax-avoiding billionaires become “job-creators.”) The GOP has become truly masterful at distorting political discussion through language, and at each Republican debate, just about every candidate showcases this manipulation. In George Orwell’s classic essay on this subject, “Politics and the English Language,” he seems to describe modern Republicans to a tee, repeating the same tired, yet convenient phrases (the phrases have changed, of course). Orwell writes:

“When one watches some tired hack on the platform mechanically repeating the familiar phrases — bestial, atrocities, iron heel, bloodstained tyranny, free peoples of the world, stand shoulder to shoulder — one often has the curious feeling that one is not watching a live human being but some kind of dummy: a feeling which suddenly becomes stronger at moments when the light catches the speaker’s spectacles and turns them into blank discs which seem to have no eyes behind them. And this is not altogether fanciful. A speaker who uses that kind of phraseology has gone some distance towards turning himself into a machine.”

In a country where getting elected to public office requires massive amounts of private funding (“bribery” has become “donation”), is it really so shocking that the majority of politicians resemble machines? Republicans (and many Democrats) have become appendages of the corporate state apparatus, serving the interests of private industry before even considering the interests of the people. Of course, the United States is still technically a “Democratic Republic,” and politicians must at the very least put on a show and act like they serve the people. Creating a new lingo used to purposely deceive the people, full of enough euphemisms and phrases to fill up a dictionary, has been quite beneficial. Just to name a few of the most popular: “energy exploration” for oil drilling, “job-creators” for capitalists, “right to work” for anti-union laws, “trickle down economics” for tax cuts for the rich, “death tax” for an estate tax, “job-killing” for tax increases on the rich or corporations (or cracking down on corporate tax avoidance, for that matter), and so on.

The Republican Party has become the Orwellian party, and Fox News’ Frank Luntz is perhaps the most notorious GOP spin-doctor. “[Politicians] are living, breathing embodiments of the language they use,” said Luntz during an NPR interview. “When you’re selling a product or service it doesn’t have to be absolutely perfect. When you’re a politician, one wrong word changes the … meaning of something.”

When it comes down to it, Donald Trump (who called Luntz a “low class slob” for supposedly picking “anti-Trump panels” after the infamous Fox News debate) has done us all a favor for being so blatantly dishonest. It is actually refreshing to see a Republican politician distort the truth without the usual duplicity. Trump is a complete bullshit artist, but not in the usual mechanical way that we typically see from other politicians. Indeed, this is one of the qualities that has made him so popular (and unpopular), and his dishonesty has been contagious. Other GOP candidates have quickly jumped on the bullshit bandwagon, and as PolitiFact rulings reveal, the more dishonest the GOP candidate is, the more successful he or she becomes.

It was only a matter of time until the lies and distortions caught up with Republicans. The party has built its modern platform on deception, and has carefully crafted an entire phraseology to back it up. But there is no amount of spin that can make Trump look honest. And Trump is, after all, the new face of the GOP.",1
1703,Marco Rubio Strong Favorite in Sheldon Adelson Primary,Third morning in a row Marco Rubio has been on the cover of Israel HaYom. He seems to be winning the Adelson primary. http://t.co/KwxkrpPRaH,1
1725,What To Watch For At Democrats' First Debate,"What To Watch For At Democrats' First Debate

A bruised Hillary Clinton will have much to prove as she takes the debate stage Tuesday evening alongside four of her Democratic presidential challengers. The former secretary of state has been damaged by lingering questions about her private email server and doubts about her trustworthiness.

That has partly enabled Vermont independent Sen. Bernie Sanders to ride a wave of progressive support to a lead over her in New Hampshire and an impressive $25 million fundraising haul last quarter.

Sanders, too, will need to impress in his most high-profile appearance so far. This will be the first chance for many voters to see him on stage, and they'll be watching to see if he's someone they want to be president.

""It's certainly not going to be as entertaining as some of the previous Republican debates, but it will be important, especially for Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, to finally show the broader public what exactly they're made of,"" said Jim Manley, a longtime Democratic strategist and former top Senate aide.

Of course, there's also the elephant — or, rather, the donkey — in the room: Vice President Joe Biden. He's not yet announced his intentions, as he continues a public flirtation with a bid. CNN has left open the possibility of allowing Biden on stage, even if he were to decide as late as Tuesday. He has given no indication that he will do so.

But perhaps the most important thing for Democrats is that it's finally their turn in the political spotlight. After two rollicking GOP debates and a cycle that's largely been dominated by the outsiders in the Republican field, party loyalists have worried they are being overshadowed.

""This is the first real opportunity for a Democratic message to break through,"" said Mo Elleithee, a former Democratic National Committee communications director who now directs the Georgetown Institute of Politics and Public Service. ""The numbers game is working against us right now, and the Republican message is penetrating far more than the Democratic message.""

Here's what to watch for from each candidate in the first Democratic debate. CNN's coverage begins at 8:30 p.m. ET, while the debate is expected to start at 9 p.m. ET Tuesday on CNN.

Need: Appear likable and straightforward, especially when talking about those emails and recent policy positions

She will be center stage and the center of attention. She's the most experienced campaign debater on stage — there were 25 primary debates in 2008 — and that will be an asset. But Clinton still has some of the same struggles she had eight years ago — trying to appear likable and not scripted to a public very skeptical of traditional politicians.

""In Hillary's case, she has to be more likable and come across as genuine and down to earth,"" said Dan Payne, a Democratic strategist and debate coach. ""She is those things, from what people say who know her well. She can talk to day-to-day people about their lives and share experiences, but somehow it doesn't come across when she's on camera. She gets stiff and stern, and not likable.""

She wasn't that way during her cameo on Saturday Night Live last week, Payne noted, and that should be an instance her team should draw from.

""She was self-aware,"" he added. ""She was poking fun at herself and doing it with a laugh. If she can do that in the debate occasionally, it can help.""

One of the first questions directed to her will likely be about her email server. She has yet to put to rest questions about why she had the private server and whether it was a security threat. Last month she finally apologized for the decision, but it may have been too little too late.

In an interview on 60 Minutes on Sunday, President Obama said the server was not a national-security threat. But he did not forcefully defend Clinton, instead directing questions back to her.

""I would hope that, if pressed, she would again apologize for allowing this to be an issue in the first place,"" said Manley, who is a Clinton supporter.

It's no mistake that in the run-up to the debate, Clinton came out against both the Keystone XL Pipeline and Obama's Trans-Pacific Partnership, something she once called the ""gold standard"" of trade agreements. Clinton was trying to clean up messy policy positions ahead of the debate.

But Clinton will still likely have to answer whether the moves were politically calculated. Sanders and former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley have been against both for some time; expect them to point out the disparity.

Need: Convince a national audience he's presidential material and that he can branch out beyond his core economic message

While Sanders may not have had much campaign debating experience — he has faced mostly safe elections in Vermont — he does have more than two decades of congressional experience to draw from. He brings skills debating on the House and Senate floor and in committees to Tuesday's event.

His challenge will be translating the considerable enthusiasm he's been generating on the campaign trail to the debate stage. Filling arenas is quite impressive, but facing questions from moderators and elbows from his rivals is another thing entirely.

""He can give a line or two or three and get a roar from the crowd,"" Payne said, ""but you have much longer in a TV debate — you have to sustain your argument for 45 seconds to a minute.""

Don't expect Sanders to go for the jugular against his chief rival, though. As much as the moderators might try to goad him into it, the Vermont senator has largely avoided direct attacks on Clinton, and his team has telegraphed to expect the same on Tuesday. Instead of focusing on lobbing hits, Politico reported, his somewhat limited debate prep has instead been policy-heavy.

Ultimately, Democrats say, they don't anticipate fireworks between the two top candidates.

""I suspect that neither one is really going to go after the other,"" predicted Elleithee, who worked on Clinton's 2008 campaign. ""They may disagree, and they will point out where they disagree. That's normal, and that's fine. But I don't think you'll see either one come in and try to tear the other one down. That would be a bad strategy.""

But Sanders will have to keep his cool throughout the debate, too. He's been testy with reporters when pressed in the past, and that type of reaction might not play well in front of a national TV audience.

""In Bernie's case, he has to be in control and not appear unpleasant — be a man who you could conceivably believe is president,"" said Payne, the debate coach. ""If you're angry, it may come across as extremely harsh.""

Need: Show he belongs in consideration as a top-tier candidate

Avoid: Debating about debates and getting on a high horse

Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley has struggled to catch fire, but has also proven to be the most dogged Clinton attacker of the bunch — another element Clinton will have to manage.

Ultimately, O'Malley may have the most to gain and the most to lose during Tuesday's debate. Once seen as a rising star in the Democratic Party, he was supposed to have been the top alternative to Clinton. Instead, that distinction has gone to Sanders (or possibly even Biden, if he does indeed run).

Now, O'Malley needs to give a rationale for his candidacy and prove he can be an able sparring partner with both Clinton and Sanders. O'Malley has vigorously pushed for more debates instead of the scheduled six face-offs, and he needs to show why that's a good idea for him.

""This could be his Scott Walker moment,"" Elleithee said, comparing O'Malley to the Wisconsin governor whose presidential campaign was doomed after a dismal performance in the second GOP debate.

""O'Malley can either break through and show he deserves to be considered as a top-tier candidate,"" he continued, ""or if he doesn't break through, his advisers are going to have to circle up, re-calibrate, and figure out what they're going to say to donors. The rationale for his candidacy is not very evident.""

That doesn't mean O'Malley should come in being a bomb-thrower, which could backfire on stage. Instead, he needs to draw well-reasoned contrasts with his opponents.

One top issue where he could do that is on gun control, which is back in the news after yet another mass shooting last week. O'Malley has, by far, the most progressive and far-reaching plan of any Democratic candidate. He also stands in contrast especially with Sanders, who has had a mixed record on the issue.

Need: A breakout moment to show they're serious candidates

Avoid: Getting left out of the conversation

The other two candidates on stage — former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb and former Rhode Island Gov. Lincoln Chafee — have been almost entirely absent from the campaign trail and will simply need to explain why they're in the race. Both need to introduce themselves to voters, as expectations are already very low.

Webb, the only veteran on the stage, could bring a valuable voice in terms of foreign policy and national security.

""He needs to tell his story,"" Payne said. ""He was a star in the making eight years ago, but once he left the Senate, his star has all but extinguished.""

Chafee, a former GOP senator turned independent turned Democrat, could still have to explain his liberal bona fides and defend a controversial tenure as Rhode Island governor. Expect him to needle Clinton on her vote for the Iraq War — and to point out that even as a Republican, he opposed it from the start.

Both Webb and Chafee need a breakthrough moment.",1
2105,How climate change is spawning a new view of conservation,"Conservation has long been about protecting communities of plants and animals where they are. But climate change is leading to a nascent form of conservation that embraces change and seeks to provide a thriving stage on which it can happen.

Gobble Mountain in the Berkshires of western Massachusetts is distinct in that its soil and bedrock are volcanic in origin, as opposed to the limestone formations elsewhere in the Berkshires. That distinction has led the Nature Conservancy to protect it.

It's a late-July morning, and Andy Finton works his way up a trail in western Massachusetts' Berkshire Hills, walking beneath a canopy of sugar maple, ash, beech, and basswood.

At one point, Mr. Finton pauses and announces with a chuckle: “Congratulations! You’re on a steep slope.”

Finton, who works for the Nature Conservancy, was pointing out something more profound than his announcement might suggest. A steep slope is a crucial element of an emerging vision to help plants and animals survive and adapt to a warming world while maintaining high levels of biological diversity.

Conservation efforts typically have focused on maintaining a pristine forest or wetland, or preserving specific species or communities of species where they are.

Yet a growing body of research shows that when you scratch the surface of a biodiverse region, you'll generally find diverse soil types, elevation ranges, bedrock types, and features such as canyons, cliffs, ravines, and Finton’s steep slopes.

The new approach focuses on conserving landforms in a region that incorporate these diverse geophysical traits – which act as stages on which biological diversity thrives. And it focuses on setting up corridors between the “stages” to allow for species migration.

As the scientific evidence of global warming has mounted, conservation often has focused on finding ways to help species or communities of plants track their preferred climate conditions, where possible. For example, a certain tree species might need to move about 30 miles a year higher in latitude to stay within its preferred climate range.

By focusing instead on conserving diverse settings, species may be able to find refuges closer to home.

The tree species might not have to move 30 miles a year to survive, Finton says. “It just needs to move around to the north side of the mountain.”

The approach is just now gaining momentum. The Berkshire Hills trail winds up a hill at the southern end of one of four areas from West Virginia to Maine being targeted for “nature’s stage” style conservation by the Open Space Institute.

The Nature Conservancy is using the approach in its land-acquisition decisions and advocacy, and states such as Maine, Massachusetts, and Tennessee are beginning to embrace the idea.

Adoption is slow, acknowledges Peter Howell of the Open Space Institute in New York. But “you’re starting to see an uptick” as scientific information is making its way to conservation groups and the foundations that help fund them, he says. [Editor's note: The original version misstated Mr. Howell's name.]

The concept initially appeared in conservation circles in 1988. At that point, ecologists were already moving from efforts to save individual species to efforts to preserve the broader communities in which species lived.

A trio of scientists from the University of Maine and Brown University suggested that, given climate change, physical environments – not plant communities – provided the best basis for identifying land to conserve. They noted that the plant communities that emerged since the last ice age still haven't stabilized; change is the norm and this would become even more pronounced amid an era of global warming.

Instead, the team argued, the focus should be on conserving physical settings and corridors connecting them. That approach will embrace the communities you're interested in conserving.

The approach recognizes that changes to climate alone don't determine where plants, insects, and ultimately animals will migrate, if they can. Soil types, topography, underlying bedrock types, and latitude exert the most significant influence on a landscape's potential to host a rich mix of species.

In western Massachusetts, the journey up the steep slope reveals the relationship between biological diversity and landforms. The basswood and ash trees, for example, prefer the accumulated soils and nutrients found at the hill's base. Higher up slope, these and other trees give way to mountain maple and oak, which eventually yield to pitch pine. The pitch pine can survive in the shallow, dry soils at the summit.

Later in the day, along a dirt road that tracks Sanderson Brook, Finton points to patches of stinging nettle and explains that the plant is found in flood plains, but not on the hill's slopes.

Climate still plays an important role on a range of scales – from the regional down to individual mountainsides. Diverse settings can set up their own microclimates, which can provide refuges for plants threatened by regional climate change.

The new approach offers hope for helping existing species cope with climate change, up to a point.

If climate change is too severe, no strategy is going to work, says Mark Anderson, science director for the Nature Conservancy's eastern region.

But how do you determine which physical settings you want to preserve?

In 2010, two different research groups came to similar answers and published their conclusions within 45 days of each other.

""It was uncanny,"" says Paul Beier, a forest ecologist at Northern Arizona University.

His team gauged what it called geodiversity by an area’s underlying bedrock, topography, and specific landforms.

Meanwhile, Dr. Anderson used satellite data to map different landscape types across the US Northeast and eastern Canada to see which factors best corresponded with biological diversity.

His team found, for example, that range of elevations across a landscape and high limestone levels in the bedrock were among the four best predictors of high biodiversity.  And all four factors were geophysical.

For its part, the Open Space Institute is using these principles – and a $12 million grant from the Doris Duke Charitable Foundation – to help build a network of climate-resilient landscapes in four areas in the US Northeast and Southeast.

The institute parcels out the money as grants to local land trusts that want to set aside land and have adopted nature's-stage criteria. They also work with state and local agencies.

For all its recent progress, however, the nature's-stage concept carries caveats, notes Jacqueline Gill, a paleoecologist at the University of Maine.

For instance, climate change itself can change landforms as more-frequent and more-intense rains accelerate erosion in some regions.

Moreover, the approach may not be appropriate for keystone species, which still may require species-specific intervention.

""The ice-age record tells us that losing large keystone animals like mammoths and giant ground sloths has significant consequences for the rest of the ecosystem, and we're only just beginning to understand those consequences,"" she says.

Elephants represent one current example of keystone species that require a custom conservation touch. Elephants create a great deal of habitat on which a range of plants and animals relies, Dr. Gill notes.

""It's not a popular idea necessarily, but not all species are created equal"" she says.

And scientific questions about the approach have yet to be answered.

“The question we'd really like to answer,” says Gill, “is whether geodiversity has corresponded to biodiversity through time – and how landform durability influences biodiversity.”

A project in the Amazon could begin to provide answers. The project aims to test the idea that the rise of the Andes Mountains some 10 million years ago essentially doubled the diversity of plants in Amazonia by, among other effects, providing a narrow slice of unique microhabitats along the range's eastern slopes as it rose.

The region hosts some 90,000 plant species, says Christopher Dick, an evolutionary biologist at the University of Michigan and one of the project's co-investigators. Of those, 45,000 appeared with the uplift of the Andes. The rest appear in the Amazon basin, which by some estimates is between 50 million and 100 million years old.

The basin is something of a museum for large numbers of very old species, Dr. Dick says. The slopes of the Andes are where more-recent evolutionary action has occurred ­– driven, the team posits, by changes in the geophysical setting.

Back in the Berkshires, Finton sums up the goals behind conserving nature's stage: “We're trying to prevent extinction in the face of climate change.”",1
411,Democrats hand Obama a stinging defeat on trade deal,"Could this be the populist moment?

A seemingly unstoppable coalition of the powerful assembled to advance the Trans Pacific Partnership trade bill: A Democratic president aligned with the Republican majority in both chambers of Congress and the full lobbying might of Corporate America.

But on Tuesday afternoon, the Senate Democratic minority delivered a surprise defeat to President Obama and a severe setback to one of the last few items on his presidential agenda. They blocked consideration of “fast track” trade authority – a crucial vehicle to get the Pacific trade pact through Congress.

The victors: the ascendant populist wing of the Democratic Party, and its spiritual leader, Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts. “Over and over, America’s workers have taken the brunt of bad trade deals,” the former Harvard professor and scourge of big business told a gathering of the Roosevelt Institute, a liberal think tank, hours before Tuesday’s vote.

“We can’t keep pushing through trade deals that benefit multinational companies at the expense of workers,” she added, with theatrical urgency. “Government cannot continue to be the captive of the rich and powerful. Working people cannot be forced to give up more and more as they get squeezed harder and harder.”

Warren masterfully undermined the trade bill, by highlighting the administration’s obsessive secrecy (the details of the proposed agreement are classified) and the role of corporate interests in drafting the deal (500 non-government advisors participated, she said, 85 percent of them industry executives or lobbyists).

“And now this trade deal is getting the full court lobbying press from those same giant multinational corporations,” she said. “The middle class is on the ropes and now is the time to fight back.”

Under intense pressure from the Warren wing, 44 of the 45 Democrats present Tuesday afternoon defied Obama. Even Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.), the chief Democratic advocate for the fast-track bill, buckled. Proponents fell eight votes short of the 60 they needed to take up the fast-track bill.

Senate free-traders will likely find a way to revive the bill, but Tuesday’s defeat will embolden opponents in the House, where the free-trade package already faced trouble. However the trade debate is resolved, Tuesday’s defeat in the Senate is likely to be a turning point, because it shows that the populists are now firmly in control of the Democratic Party. Anger over growing inequality has reached critical mass, and a backlash has begun against a political system that has, over the last three decades, allowed 100 percent of all income growth to go to the wealthiest 10 percent.

The trade deal has for now become the victim of that anger – less because of the details of the TPP than because it hasn’t been accompanied by more protections and assistance for American workers.

“I believe in this,” Obama said of the trade deal, “the same way… that I believe in a higher minimum wage. The same way that I believe in stronger protections for workers who are trying to get a voice in their company. The same way I believe in equal pay. The same way I believe in paid sick leave.”

But Obama’s actions haven’t matched his words, and he didn’t require Republicans to accept any of those priorities before he joined them in pushing for free-trade legislation. Senate Republicans drove more Democrats into opposition when they declined requests to bring up other trade-related bills other than legislation offering a meager (and reduced) amount of training funds for workers who lose their jobs.

At the White House, press secretary Josh Earnest called Tuesday’s vote a “procedural snafu.” But Obama was undone by more than procedure. His would-be successor, Hillary Clinton, was not courageous enough to take a position on the trade legislation, but her silence gave Democrats more freedom to oppose it. And Democrats in Congress bristled at Obama’s disparagement of opponents of the trade bill as emotional, illogical and dishonest.

“The president is making some fairly nasty remarks about people on the other side, that they don’t understand we’re in the 21st century,” Joseph Stiglitz, a Nobel laureate in economics, said at the Roosevelt Institute gathering, at the National Press Club. “Actually we do. I don’t think he understands.”

Warren, at the same event, took a shot at those Democrats who have “floated along with the idea that economic growth is in direct opposition to strengthening the wellbeing of America’s working families… That claim is flatly wrong.”

Tuesday’s 44-to-1 vote against Obama’s position confirms that Warren’s populists now dominate the Democratic Party – and if Obama wants to retain a semblance of relevance, he’ll join them.

Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
1647,Carly Fiorina Says Donald Trump 'Taps Into an Anger',"Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina said Sunday she could see how competitor Donald Trump's immigration rhetoric, which has gotten him in some hot water over the past few weeks, resonates with some voters.

Asked on ABC's This Week whether she would support him if he became the nominee, the former Hewlett-Packard CEO said, “I have been in New Hampshire now for six days, and I have not been asked a single question about Donald Trump.” Last week in the first-in-the-nation primary state, she said Trump didn't represent her or her party.

On the other hand, she said on ABC, “I think Donald Trump taps into an anger that I hear every day. People are angry that a commonsense thing like securing the border or ending sanctuary cities is somehow considered extreme. It's not extreme, it's common sense. We need to secure the border.”

While decrying illegal immigration in his campaign announcement speech on June 16, Trump called the Mexican immigrants entering the the U.S. criminals and “rapists.” The remark has caused business partners and fellow Republicans (though not all) to cut ties with or denounce the real estate mogul and reality TV star.",1
3800,Fact checking the 2016 State of the Union address,"A State of the Union address is often difficult to fact-check, no matter who is president. The speech is a product of many hands and is carefully vetted, so major errors of fact are relatively rare. But State of the Union addresses often are very political speeches, an argument for the president’s policies, so context is sometimes missing.

Here is a guide through some of President Obama’s most interesting claims, in the order in which he made them. We also checked one claim in the GOP response. As is our practice with live events, we do not award Pinocchio rankings, which are reserved for complete columns.

While President Obama often has touted what he often calls the “longest streak of private-sector job creation in history,” the average number of jobs created in this 70-month period is significantly lower than under either Bill Clinton or Ronald Reagan. (When you exclude a single month of decline, in fact, Clinton and Reagan had streaks of 85 and 71 months, respectively.)

The low point in jobs was reached in February 2010, and there has indeed been a gain of 13.6 million nonfarm jobs since then, according to Bureau of Labor Statistics data. But it’s worth remembering that in the same period, the number of federal, state and local government jobs has actually declined by nearly 500,000.

The unemployment rate was 7.8 percent when Obama took office in 2009, and now it is 5 percent. The president says it was cut in half by measuring from the high point reached during his presidency: 10 percent in October 2009.

Still, even with the massive jobs losses at the start of his presidency, Obama can claim that nearly 9.3 million jobs were added since he took office. At this point in George W. Bush’s presidency, the comparable number was 1.3 million; and for Bill Clinton and Ronald Reagan, the figure was 21.2 million and 12.7 million, respectively.

The low point for manufacturing jobs was reached in February 2010, and there has been a gain of 878,000 jobs since then. But Bureau of Labor Statistics data show that the number of manufacturing jobs is still 230,000 fewer than when Obama took office in the depths of the recession — and 1.4 million fewer than when the recession began in December 2007. Indeed, the United States only gained 30,000 manufacturing jobs in all of 2015.

Here’s a graph that shows the trend over the last 10 years:

The improvement in the economy, coupled with the spending cuts in the sequester, has yielded a significantly lower deficit than just a few years ago. The deficit for the fiscal year that ended Sept. 30 was $439 billion.

For economists, raw numbers mean less than the percentage of the gross domestic product, and here, too, there has been an improvement. As a percentage of the GDP, the deficit in fiscal year 2015 was 2.5 percent, the lowest level since 2007.

For fiscal year 2009, when Obama took office, the deficit was 9.8 percent of GDP, so that’s a 75 percent reduction.

The president used to say “roughly 10 nations” when making this comparison, but cuts in U.S. defense spending and increases in estimates of Chinese spending appear to have shifted the calculation.

The mostly widely cited public source for this claim is the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, which tallies public numbers each year. SIPRI urges caution in how its data is used, saying that “attempts to draw conclusions about a country’s level of military capability from its level of military expenditure should be regarded with considerable skepticism.”

That’s because raw numbers can be misleading. The official Chinese figures are believed to be understated — and it costs China less money to buy the same goods and services as the United States. A rough calculation of purchasing power parity suggests the correct figure for Chinese defense spending could be double official estimates.

The comparison to China also does not include the fact that because it is not a global power, Beijing may actually spend more on its military in the western Pacific than does the United States.

Moreover, the United States ranks ninth when military spending is measured as a percentage of the gross domestic product, according to the CIA Factbook. Percentage of GDP is a good indicator of how a country chooses to use its resources — the top ranks of the list are dominated by oil-rich Middle Eastern countries and Israel — but the statistic does not shed much light on the effectiveness of a country’s military. So there are also limitations in that comparison.

In lauding his achievements in energy, the president made a reference to the dramatic decline in gasoline prices. But the White House graphics that accompanied his speech in its posting on Medium included a sentence that made a claim based on much higher gas prices.

The graphic claimed that “Americans will save nearly $8,000 at the pump in 2025 thanks to doubling the fuel efficiency of our cars and light trucks.” But there are two big caveats to that figure, which comes from official government estimates of the savings over the lifetime of a car between 2012 and 2025.

First, gasoline was presumed to cost about $3.42 before taxes, so obviously any savings from fuel efficiency would be significantly reduced if gasoline stays at current $2-a-gallon levels. Second, the cost of the rules was estimated to amount to $3,000, thus reducing the savings to car owners to $5,000 even before the impact of lower fuel prices is considered.

According to the Solar Foundation, an independent energy research nonprofit, the median wage for solar designers is about $27 per hour, and solar installers earn a median wage of $21 per hour. (Solar installers’ hourly median wage was $19.24, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics’ most recent, May 2014 figures.) Workers in solar assembly earn $18 per hour. These figures are, indeed, higher than the median hourly wage for all occupations as of the most recent figures in May 2014, at $17.09. (However, the median hourly wage for employees in the mining industry — including coal mining — is also higher than the median hourly wage for all jobs — at $48.54.)

The group reported in its 2015 Census that the solar workforce is larger than the coal industry and other fossil fuel generation sectors. It used Bureau of Labor Statistics figures to compare coal industry employees to solar industry employees, as measured through its survey of more than 7,600 U.S. businesses.

As of October 2015, the coal mining industry had 65,000 jobs. Per the Solar Foundation’s 2015 figures, there were 119,931 people employed in solar installation.

Obama’s statement comes from the Department of Energy’s website, which cites the Solar Foundation’s wage figures. But the source is unclear for the claim that solar is saving “tens of millions of dollars a year” on energy bills for Arizona and New York residents. Solar power is, indeed, growing rapidly in New York and Arizona. While the Department of Energy appears to attribute the savings figures to the Solar Foundation, the claim that solar customers are saving $13 million in Arizona and $11 million in New York every year is not in the nonprofit’s most recent annual report.

It’s worth noting that in Arizona, there is an ongoing controversy over whether residents truly are getting lower rates on solar energy. Energy regulators in the state are battling utility companies over net metering, which is the process through which solar customers get a credit for a certain amount of electricity that they send back to the grid. Regulators are working on a compromise deal that could result in a cost-shift for non-solar customers.

Texas and Iowa lead the nation in wind power, and the cost of wind power surely is lower in those states than in others. But this claim overlooks the impact of the federal tax credit that has driven much of the cost of wind power down.

The average price of coal and natural gas power ($65 per megawatt-hour) is still cheaper than newer sources of energy like wind ($80) and solar ($107), according to the Dallas Morning News.

In particular, the Production Tax Credit is a crucial subsidy that allows wind energy to compete with energy from fossil fuels. This tax credit is the driving force behind negative wind power pricing in Texas, according to a 2015 report by the Institute of Political Economy at Utah State University and public policy research organization Strata. Texas also provides many state-level financial incentives for wind power generation. [Update: Supporters of wind power energy noted this report is backed by wind power critics, and said it’s unfair to criticize the tax credits because fossil fuels have received many more government incentives than renewables over a longer period of time. They pointed to other sources showing wind’s costs to be lower than for other electricity sources.]

The Department of Energy estimates that within a decade, wind power will become cost-competitive with fossil fuels without a federal tax incentive. The White House noted that solar and wind energy prices are now becoming competitive with energy from conventional fuel sources.

Actually, federal government employment has dropped during the Obama administration; at one point in 2014 federal employment reached the lowest level since 1966. There has been a slight uptick since then, but even so, as a percentage of total employment, the federal government now has the smallest share since World War II.

Here’s a graph that shows total federal employment since 1939. The spikes every 10 years reflect temporary hiring for the U.S. Census.",1
2246,Alabama's Top Judge Faces Ethics Charges Over Gay-Marriage Order,"The Alabama Judicial Inquiry Commission charged Chief Justice Roy Moore, an outspoken opponent of same-sex unions, with violating the state's judicial ethics laws, an allegation that could potentially remove him from office, according to news website AL.com.

The legality of gay marriage had been at the center of a national debate for years until the Supreme Court ruled in June that the U.S. Constitution provides same-sex couples the right to marry, handing a historic triumph to the American gay rights movement.

Despite the ruling and a federal court ruling that made gay marriage legal in Alabama, Moore issued in January an administrative order to state probate judges, ordering them not to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples, according to court documents.

""Chief Justice Moore flagrantly disregarded and abused his authority,"" the complaint said. ""Moore knowingly ordered [probate judges] to commit violations...knowingly subjecting them to potential prosecution and removal from office.""

Moore said in a statement that the commission has no authority over administrative orders or the court's ability to prohibit probate judges from issuing same-sex marriage licenses.

""We intend to fight this agenda vigorously and expect to prevail,"" he said.

Moore wrote in his order that the U.S. Supreme Court ruling was at odds with a decision in March 2015 by the Alabama Supreme Court that instructed probate judges to stop issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples.

The conflicting opinions had resulted in ""confusion and uncertainty,"" Moore said, with many probate judges issuing marriage licenses to gay couples while others refused to do so.

Until the Alabama Supreme Court decides the matter, probate judges ""have a ministerial duty not to issue any marriage license,"" he said.

The complaint said Moore's order ""was contrary to clear and determined law about which there is no confusion or unsettled question.""

Moore, a Republican, has been a hero of conservative causes before. In 2003, he was removed from office after a federal judge ruled he was placing himself above the law by refusing to take down a Ten Commandments monument.

He won the chief justice job back in 2012, vowing not to do anything to create further friction with the federal courts.",1
1859,‘Paid for by O’Malley for President’ — and 9 other signs O’Malley is in,"Martin O’Malley’s presidential campaign-in-waiting has sought to maintain some suspense about a “special announcement” he has planned for May 30 in Baltimore.

An email sent out Thursday by O’Malley’s team asked “Is he in or is he out? Will he run or won’t he?,” and promised people who put their names on an e-mail list that they could be the first to know -- “before the media, the politicians and the Washington establishment.”

Not to burst anyone’s bubble, but the answer is already pretty clear. Here are 10 signs that O'Malley is running:

1) During one of a series of conference calls Thursday night, O’Malley directed former staffers to a Web site -- www.omalleyannouncement.com -- where people can sign up to attend his May 30 announcement in Baltimore. A line at the bottom of the page says the site is ""Paid for by O’Malley for President.”

2) O’Malley aides put out word that he has leased 7,200 square feet of office space -- the right size to lunch an insurgent campaign -- in Baltimore near Penn Station, the city’s rail hub. Promoting a Baltimore Sun story about the move on Twitter, O’Malley communications maven Lis Smith, currently a New York resident, wrote, “Baltimore, here we come.”

3) Several aides now employed by O’Malley’s political action committee have been looking for places to live in Baltimore.

4) In another conference call Thursday night, O’Malley aides outlined plans to begin fundraising for a federal committee, i.e. one that could be used to pay for a presidential bid. O'Malley has been using a political action committee to fund his activities, which will no longer be legal once he is officially a candidate.

5) During the call, aides advertised a working lunch on May 21 where supporters can help O’Malley dial for dollars. They emphasized the need to make a good financial showing before a June 30 reporting deadline.

6) Supporters on the conference call were told of two key members of O’Malley’s financial team: Terry Lierman, a former Maryland Democratic Party chairman, as treasurer; and Martin Knott, a Baltimore-area businessman, as finance chairman.

7) O’Malley has further expanded his press staff in recent days. A tweet sent out by Smith earlier this week announcing the latest two hires -- both females -- referred to O’Malley’s “#ladyboss press team.”

8) Last week, O’Malley’s PAC announced the addition of its latest high-profile member: national political director Karine Jean-Pierre.

9) O’Malley, joined by Jean-Pierre and other aides, made a daylong swing Wednesday through New Hampshire, the nation’s first presidential primary state.

10) O’Malley's entourage that day included media consultant Jimmy Siegel and a camera crew. Siegel, who worked for Hillary Rodham Clinton during the 2008 presidential cycle, specializes in campaign-style videos.

Of course, there's always the possibility that all of this could be for naught. As longtime O’Malley watchers may recall, in 2002, when he was mayor of Baltimore, O’Malley held a press conference to announce he would NOT run for governor that year, avoiding a primary fight with well-known Democrat Kathleen Kennedy Townsend.

As one longtime O’Malley associate put it Thursday, however, “there’s a different vibe this time.” Look for an email from O’Malley for confirmation.",1
4604,Exclusive Trump op-ed: We must clean up this corruption,"Why you should vote for me.

For 17 months, I’ve traveled this country and met countless Americans from every walk of life. Your hopes have become my hopes and your dreams have become my dreams.

I’ve been inspired on this journey by the millions of you who came to cheer a simple idea: that we can make America great again.

Real change begins with immediately repealing and replacing job-killing Obamacare — Americans are experiencing soaring double-digit premium hikes, insurers are leaving, doctors are quitting, jobs are fleeing, and deductibles are through the roof.

It also means immediately fixing our terrible trade deals, which have killed American jobs and crushed American incomes. This means renegotiating Bill and Hillary Clinton’s disastrous NAFTA and China deals that have deindustrialized the United States — importing unemployment and exporting our wealth.

It means we don’t have to keep kids trapped in failing schools — that we can give every parent the right to send their kids to the school of their choice, including millions of low-income African-American and Hispanic children who have been failed for generations by Democratic politicians like Hillary Clinton.

Real change also means draining the swamp of corruption in Washington. We must fix a rigged system in which political insiders can break the law without consequence and where government officials put special interests above the national interest. If we want to make America great again, we must clean up this corruption.

Hillary Clinton has been the subject of an FBI criminal investigation into many crimes against this nation. Were she ever to be elected, it would trigger an unprecedented constitutional crisis — Hillary is likely to be under investigation for a long time, grinding our government to a halt.

America has too many problems, too many things to fix, to mire our government in years of sordid corruption and criminal investigation.

It is time to cut our ties with the failed politicians of the past, and embrace a bright, new future for all of our people.

That’s what I’m offering in my Contract with the American Voter, a 100-day action plan to clean up corruption and bring change to Washington. It’s there for you to read at www.TheTrumpContract.com.

In my Contract with the American Voter, I offer a historic pro-growth plan to create 25 million good paying jobs. We will cut taxes on middle-class Americans by 35%. We will eliminate every needless job-killing regulation. We will repeal and replace catastrophic Obamacare with new reforms that dramatically expand choice, substantially lower costs, and significantly improve the quality of care. And we will end the offshoring of American jobs.

In my contract, I also offer a detailed plan to immediately secure the border, stop illegal immigration and keep radical Islamic terrorists out of our country. Hillary has pledged “open borders,” mass amnesty, and a 550% increase in Syrian refugees. America’s immigration officers described Hillary’s extremist plan as “the most radical immigration agenda proposal in U.S. history.”

I will restore the constitutional rule of law and nominate Supreme Court justices who will do the same.

Finally, I pledge to fight for the right of every child in American to grow up in safety and peace, and undertake a national effort to bring jobs, security and prosperity to our inner cities.

I am asking for your vote, and to be your champion in the White House.

Together, we will take our government back from the special interests — and we will Make America Great Again.

Donald J. Trump is the Republican nominee for president.

You can read diverse opinions from our Board of Contributors and other writers on the Opinion front page, on Twitter @USATOpinion and in our daily Opinion newsletter. To submit a letter, comment or column, check our submission guidelines.",1
430,Maryland has passed one of the nation’s strongest equal pay laws,"Maryland is on a roll right now when it comes to lawmaking on women's issues, passing two major laws in two weeks that advocates for women's economic security have spent years pushing for.

On Thursday, Gov. Larry Hogan (R) signed an equal pay law that advocates are calling one of the nation's strongest. It strengthens existing laws that prohibit discrimination based on gender, and also includes gender identity.

""It really makes Maryland a leader in the equal pay movement,"" said Charly Carter, executive director of Maryland Working Families, in an interview with Vox. Carter helped push the bill through the legislature, along with other advocates.

The equal pay law comes right on the heels of Hogan signing the Contraceptive Equity Act last week, which makes birth control more consistently affordable. That law goes further than the Affordable Care Act by forbidding insurers from charging any copays on any federally approved birth control, including emergency contraception and vasectomies.

It might seem surprising that Hogan, a Republican, would be willing to sign both of these fairly progressive bills that feminist advocates have been pushing for. And the new equal pay law in particular was a hard-fought battle against Republicans who didn't want it passed, or who didn't want it to go as far as equal pay advocates did. But Carter said it's ""politically smart"" for Hogan to do so, since the measures are so popular with Maryland voters.

Carter says one part of the law closes loopholes and makes it harder for employers to justify pay disparities between men and women.

The law also says you cannot forbid your employees from discussing their salaries. It also makes it much easier for workers to sue if their boss unjustly fires or retaliates against them for discussing their pay.

Some employers either explicitly or implicitly ban the discussion of salaries, because they're afraid of stoking resentments or revealing inequities. And advocates say that this lack of pay transparency contributes to the wage gap. Unconscious bias means women are frequently offered lower salaries for various reasons, and sometimes employers have no idea that they're consistently paying women less than men until they conduct pay audits.

The way the system is currently set up is also incredibly unfair to low-wage workers, most of whom are women, Carter said. For practical purposes, many of them have little or no legal protection against retaliation. All they can do is appeal to the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) — a lengthy process that not even all workers can avail themselves of.

""If you're making minimum wage, if you're making $30,000 a year, you don't have two years and lawyers' fees to go after your employer for treating you badly,"" Carter said.

A national law that's pretty similar to Maryland's, the Paycheck Fairness Act, is going nowhere in Congress — like most progressive initiatives these days. That's why advocates are turning to the states to try to build momentum for national action, and help the workers they can in the meantime.

Carter says that now only California has an equal pay law that's stronger than Maryland's. But both provide excellent models for other states, and the country as a whole, to follow.

Several other states — Illinois, Minnesota, North Dakota, Tennessee and Vermont — also have very strong equal pay laws, said Amy Becker, political media manager with the American Association of University Women (AAUW). And Massachusetts may soon pass a bill that would rival California's.

Maryland's law does have one thing that California's doesn't — a provision that tries to go after the ""mommy track,"" where women's careers get systemically stunted after they take some time off to have children.

The law does this by saying an employer can't offer less favorable job opportunities based on gender or gender identity. For instance, if you work in a supermarket and the only real way to become a manager is to work the closing shift, but you never put women on the closing shift because you think it's too dangerous, you either have to give women the chance to work that shift or change your promotion criteria.

Advocates in both California and Maryland tried and failed, but plan to try again, to forbid bosses from asking prospective employees about their salary history before an offer is made.

This practice is a problem since women make less than men across the board even just one year out of college. If you start off underpaid, and every job pays you based in part on what your last job paid you, you'll pretty much be screwed until retirement — and you'll have less saved up for that, to boot. (Hogan also approved a new state-run retirement savings program, though, which will especially help women in low-wage and part-time jobs who don't have a 401(k).)

Equal pay laws are just one part of a multipronged women's agenda that advocates are pushing at the state level. This agenda also tends to include things like paid family leave, paid sick days, flexible scheduling, and affordable child care.

These proposals often come in packages, because advocates don't want to split them up and dilute their political power.

""It's easy to get caught up in issue policy silos,"" Vivien Labaton, co-founder of the advocacy campaign Make It Work, told Vox this month. ""But the issues people fall asleep worrying about aren't paid family leave over here, affordable child care over there. It really is an interconnected set of problems that people deal with on a day-to-day basis.""

Correction: This article originally misstated the contents of California's equal pay law. The salary history provision was a separate bill that the legislature passed, but that Gov. Jerry Brown vetoed. We regret the error.

Update: This article has been updated with a comment from AAUW's Amy Becker, and a link citing AAUW vice president of government relations Lisa Maatz's testimony before Congress on the effect of salary transparency on the wage gap.",1
709,The real reason Hillary Clinton's VP shortlist is so short,"Sherrod Brown looks in some ways like a very tempting vice presidential pick for Hillary Clinton.

He doesn't have an enormous national profile, but inside the Beltway he's known as a stalwart of the liberal wing of the party's congressional caucus. Unlike Bernie Sanders, he's a loyal party man. But he has a similar disheveled populist anti-fashion to go along with an extensive track record of support for labor unions and skepticism of the forces of globalization.

And as a white dude from Ohio, he's ideally suited in demographic terms to help Clinton stem her losses of working-class whites in the Midwest — a key area of weakness vis-à-vis Donald Trump.

But there's a huge problem. Ohio has a Republican governor, so creating a vacancy would cost Democrats a Senate seat. Elizabeth Warren has the same problem. So does Tammy Baldwin. And Cory Booker. And Debbie Stabenow.

Fear of losing a Senate seat with a VP pick isn't unique to the 2016 election, of course. But with polarization in Congress steadily rising, it's an increasingly important consideration — particularly in a year when Democrats are hoping to retake a Senate.

And Clinton's problem is that Democrats right now are doing terribly in terms of winning state and local elections. The Southwestern swing states of Nevada and New Mexico are in Republican hands. So are Iowa and Ohio, the Midwestern swingers. So is Florida. But so are a bunch of blue states, ranging from Michigan and Pennsylvania to comically safe states like Maryland, Massachusetts, Illinois, and New Jersey.

This severely constrains the roster of senators she can responsibly select, while also directly denuding the party of governors who could fill the job.

Trump, by contrast, has a smorgasbord of plausible options with conventional political résumés. He could pick a moderate Latino like Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval* or a more conventionally conservative one like Marco Rubio. He could pick an old-school hard-right Southern senator like Jeff Sessions, or a young African-American hard-right senator like Tim Scott, or a swing state governor like Rick Scott, or a deeply conservative governor of a blue-leaning state like Scott Walker. Or he could avoid men named Scott altogether!

Clinton's very short shortlist likely won't make a huge difference in November. Much was made over the course of 2015 of the Republican Party's deep bench in the presidential field, and the GOP ended up with Trump.

VP picks do matter. It's very common for a vice president to go on to become president or at least his party's nominee. The generally dismal standing of the overall party during Obama-era midterms cut short the careers of many seemingly talented politicians.

Clinton's limited range of choices and inevitable need to mix substantive and political considerations in making her choice reduces the chances that a truly excellent figure will be available. Landslide GOP wins in 2010 and 2014 have consequences that not only continue through today but will keep ricocheting forward into future cycles.

* Correction: The governor of Nevada is Brian Sandoval. Richard Sandoval is the chef behind El Centro D.F. and other restaurants.",1
765,Inside Planned Parenthood's $30 Million Campaign For 2016,"PITTSBURGH, Pa. -- Donald Trump may think Planned Parenthood does ""good work,"" but its members have few nice things to say about the presumptive GOP frontrunner in return.

""Asshole,"" ""racist,"" ""chauvinist,"" ""dangerous,"" ""unqualified"" and ""pendejo"" were all words Planned Parenthood volunteers used when asked to share their thoughts about Trump. One woman said she thought a fart noise would be more appropriate than an actual word.

Nearly 1,000 of Planned Parenthood's most active volunteers gathered in Pittsburgh this past weekend for an intensive Power of Pink grassroots training, the kickoff for the organization's 2016 work. The group has endorsed Democrat Hillary Clinton, so mobilizing against Trump will be a major focus.

""He says in the same breath that he loves Planned Parenthood, we do great work and at the same time vows to defund us because we provide abortion access. That's no friend of ours,"" said Deirdre Schifeling, who leads the group's national organizing and electoral work.

Trump recently promised that if elected president, he would also name anti-abortion justices to the Supreme Court.

Planned Parenthood aims to spend close to $30 million in the 2016 election cycle to make sure he doesn't get that chance. That amount would be the most money it ever spent in an election and double what it spent in the last cycle, according to Schifeling. The focus will be on reaching 5 million voters known as ""swing women"" -- women who view access to reproductive health care as a core issue but are independents and flip between the parties.

On Saturday morning, the Power of Pink attendees gathered for a final rally that, at times, felt like a Purim carnival. Whenever, someone mentioned Trump, inevitably, the entire room would erupt in boos.

""Every election has stakes. This one has some serious stakes, ya'll. Serious stakes. I'm just going to say it again: Donald Trump. If those are not stakes, I don't know what else is,"" said Marlon Marshall, the Clinton campaign's director of state campaigns and political engagement.

""We cannot trust Donald Trump with our lives, and we can't trust him with our future and we can't trust our country in his hands,"" said Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards. ""He seems to live in a world where bullying and stoking fear and anger is the only way to get ahead and where cutting down others is the only way to get on top. And for us, that's all too familiar how that feels,"" she continued. Richards then read off some of the terms Trump has used to describe women -- ""bimbos,"" ""dogs"" and ""pigs.""",1
3157,Anti-Trump forces seek last-ditch delegate revolt,"Washington (CNN) The faction of the GOP that is unhappy with Donald Trump as the party's presumptive nominee has one last plan to stop the mogul: staging an all-out delegate revolt at the Republican National Convention.

The far-fetched idea is the latest reflection of a campaign cycle that has been anything but ordinary, and stems from a continuing dissatisfaction among some conservative stalwarts with how Trump is behaving and running his campaign. But two longtime GOP veterans says they wouldn't bet on the effort working.

The effort comes at a rough time for the GOP. As the Democratic Party's heaviest hitters, including President Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, line up behind Hillary Clinton and against Trump, Republicans have been forced to criticize their own nominee. Recent comments from Trump about a federal judge's Mexican heritage have drawn widespread rebuke and put GOP leaders in a corner as they defend their endorsement of Trump while disavowing his comments.

One of the vocal advocates for a delegate revolt is conservative commentator and Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol, who has also been actively seeking a candidate to mount an independent bid against Trump, thus far to no avail.

Kristol tweeted late Thursday that the idea of a ""conscience convention,"" where delegates are free to vote for whomever they want to, is also appealing.

""I've been focused on independent candidacy, & still am. But struck by sudden level of interest in possible delegate revolt at convention,"" Kristol tweeted. He added: ""A Convention of Conscience in Cleveland would be quite something. Made easier by fact Trump only won minority of total primary votes anyway.""

Bob Vander Plaats, the head of The Family Leader, an influential social conservative group in Iowa, told CNN's Kate Bolduan Friday morning that ""everything does need to be on the table"" at the convention, though he stopped short of calling for a revolt on the convention floor.

""We want a principled conservative and disciplined candidate who is the standard-bearer of this party,"" said Vander Plaats, who backed Texas Sen. Ted Cruz during the primaries. He said Trump has time before the convention to ""have the concerns laid to rest.""

""All I'm doing is adapting to the circumstances,"" Kendal Unruh told ABC. ""I certainly believe Trump's demagogic racist comments are hurting him.""

The rules enacted by the previous convention, which govern in 2016 until delegates pass a new set of rules, state that even if a delegate casts a ballot for a candidate other than one they are bound to, the convention secretary will record their bound vote.

In order to change that rule, the 112 delegates (two from each state and territory) on the Rules Committee would have to pass different rules and bring those to the floor of the convention, where a majority of delegates present would have to approve them.

Rules expert and RNC veteran Jim Bopp, an Indiana delegate who serves as special counsel to the RNC Rules Committee, said he has spoken with people who want to ""keep the option open to manipulate the rules in some way to deny Trump the nomination,"" but he said he wouldn't bet on any changes.

""I would put money on no rules changes that would affect the outcome of the nominating process,"" Bopp told CNN. ""I think it's highly likely that no rules changes would be adopted that would affect the nomination.""

Bopp said there's also a counter movement within Rules insiders to pass a rule that would prevent any other rules changes from going into effect until the close of the convention.

Rules Committee and Oregon RNC member Solomon Yue is behind that effort, and has been pushing the RNC this year to adopt rules that give less power to the party and more to the delegates. He tried but failed to get the party to adopt rules that would require bigger majorities to pass business at the convention.

Yue says with roughly 80% of the convention delegates being either Trump or Cruz backers, the anti-Trump forces don't have much strength.

""The common denominator of the delegates is anti-establishment, anti-Washington,"" Yue said. ""And if you think about 'Never Trump' people, they are representing Washington and the establishment.""

Part of the philosophy for a delegate revolt comes from longtime RNC veteran Curly Haugland, from North Dakota, and a book he co-wrote with public policy consultant Sean Parnell. ""Unbound"" uses the history of the RNC to make the case that RNC rules dictate that delegates be allowed to vote their conscience.

""What Curly and I are contending is that because of RNC rules, there is no such thing as binding,"" Parnell told CNN, saying the binding rules that currently are in place are in a part of the rules package that govern pre-convention during the delegate selection process.

But Parnell also acknowledged that any effort to make the interpretation stick would require at the very least a handful of state delegations if not a majority of delegates on the floor.

""It would be messy. Good television though,"" Parnell said. ""I would not call it likely. My hope is that delegates are free to vote however they want to vote, and it's going to be up to the chair whether or not to allow that. But I think unless Donald Trump actually does go shoot somebody on Fifth Avenue, I don't think this is going to cost him the nomination.""

Neither the Trump campaign nor Republican National Committee immediately responded to a request for comment on the chatter about a delegate revolt.

There has been intense focus on the Rules Committee for months, going back to when there was a possibility of no Republican candidate getting enough delegates to clinch the nomination outright. With the prospect of a contested convention, the Cruz campaign made a concerted effort to stock the Rules Committee and state delegations with loyalists who would support Rules that would benefit Cruz in a bid to win the nomination on multiple ballots.

But after Cruz lost Indiana soundly and suspended his campaign, the prospect of a contested convention vanished and Trump rolled to the magic number to clinch the nomination.

Meanwhile, the Cruz campaign urged supporters to continue to become delegates and earn leadership spots to influence the platform at the convention.

Though some in the party have never warmed to Trump, the intensity of finding a way to prevent his formal nomination has grown in recent days after Trump's comments about a federal judge inflamed even the leaders of his own party.

Trump questioned the impartiality of the district court judge overseeing a lawsuit related to his venture Trump University, saying the Indiana-born judge's Mexican ancestry could bias him against Trump. The mogul cited his campaign promise to build a wall along the border with Mexico in making the comments.

Though the presumptive nominee has repeatedly stood behind and doubled down on the comments, his stance has drawn outrage from the likes of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan, who called the remarks ""the textbook definition of a racist comment.""

Still, only a small handful of Republicans have withdrawn or withheld their endorsements of Trump. Vulnerable Illinois Sen. Mark Kirk disavowed Trump this week and said he could not endorse the party's nominee after all, but Ryan, McConnell and others have stood by their endorsements, saying Clinton would be a worse choice.",1
190,Lawmakers fuming over report Capitol police left guns in bathrooms,"Lawmakers are fuming over claims that Capitol Police officers left their service weapons in bathrooms and other spots across the Capitol complex three times this year.

In one instance, a child visiting the Capitol reportedly found a loaded Glock.

""The fact that dangerous weapons were left in the open, potentially within reach of the general public, is unacceptable,"" said House Administration Committee Chairwoman Candice Miller, R-Mich., and Ranking Member Robert Brady, D-Pa., in a written statement.

Fox News is told lawmakers will have a briefing on the incidents next week.

For Washington's embattled security agencies, it's the latest embarrassing episode. The Capitol Police and other agencies already are under scrutiny over the incident last month where a man breached restricted airspace and landed a gyrocopter next to the Capitol.

The incidents involving misplaced firearms were detailed in a report being reviewed by the Capitol Police Board.

The newspaper Roll Call, which first reported the incidents, said one of the guns -- allegedly left by a member of House Speaker John Boehner's detail in a bathroom in March -- was found by a 7- or 8-year-old child.

Another was found stuffed in a restroom stall in the Capitol Visitor's Center in January. It was discovered by a Capitol worker and belonged to a member of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's security detail.

Custodial staff located a third weapon two weeks ago at the Capitol Police headquarters.

These firearms are Glocks and do not have conventional ""safeties"" on them -- they will fire if the trigger is pulled.

The concerns come as congressional officials are closely scrutinizing USCP Chief Kim Dine. Dine offered to resign recently but is staying aboard for now despite lawmakers questioning his oversight of the force.

""We will be looking for a full briefing on these incidents, how they happened, what corrective action has been taken, and how we hopefully do not have similar instances in the future,"" Miller and Brady said.

Their committee oversees security for the House.

Capitol Police spokeswoman Lt. Kimberly Schneider said the department takes security breaches very seriously. However, she declined to comment on the specific incidents.

""Each disciplinary matter is thoroughly investigated and reviewed, employees are held accountable for their conduct, and they are provided due process in adjudicating these matters,"" Schneider said in an email. ""Depending on the nature and seriousness of the violation, an employee's record, and other required considerations, an appropriate penalty is applied, up to and including termination of employment.""

""As a matter of policy,"" she added, ""the department does not routinely discuss internal personnel matters, in order to maintain the integrity of the department.""

Fox News' Chad Pergram and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
786,"Trump, Ryan tout unity in wake of meeting","Washington (CNN) Donald Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan concluded their highly anticipated meeting Thursday amid signals that the Republican Party will work to piece itself together after a fractious primary.

""While we were honest about our few differences, we recognize that there are also many important areas of common ground,"" Trump and Ryan said in a joint statement. ""We will be having additional discussions, but remain confident there's a great opportunity to unify our party and win this fall, and we are totally committed to working together to achieve that goal.""

Ryan, speaking with reporters during his weekly press briefing, sought to portray his openness to Trump, despite withholding his endorsement.

""This is our first meeting, I was very encouraged with this meeting, but this is a process. It takes some time, you don't put it together in 45 minutes,"" he said.

The speaker called Trump's achievement of earning more votes than any Republican candidate in history ""really kind of unparalleled,"" and clearly hopes to channel the support for the presumptive nominee into support for a conservative policy agenda writ large.

""The question is ... how we unify it all? How do we keep adding and adding and adding voters while not subtracting any voters?"" he said. ""Most Americans do not like where this country is headed.""

Trump tweeted his thoughts while his plane taxied on the runway before taking off for New York, ""Great day in D.C. with @SpeakerRyan and Republican leadership. Things working out really well!""

""I thought it was a great meeting,"" Trump said in a Thursday evening interview on Fox News with Sean Hannity.

Trump suggested the two sides would eventually come together.

""I don't mind going through a little bit of a slow process,"" Trump said. ""We're getting there.""

Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus -- who helped broker the meeting -- told CNN's Dana Bash the meeting was ""great,"" and ""a good first step toward unifying our party.""

""This was not a usual election, it was a very contentious, tough primary,"" he said. ""I think they had very good chemistry between the two of them.""

Speaking later in the day to CNN's Wolf Blitzer, Priebus said Trump and Ryan plan to be back in contact and that could be as soon as Friday.

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters his meeting with Trump was ""constructive"" and that they spoke about a ""variety of things, both campaign related and issues.

For Trump, the meeting tested his ability to reconcile with the Washington establishment that he and the voters have scorned.

For Ryan, it will help shape his own future with a party increasingly impatient to get behind its nominee and win back the White House.

A top Trump aide had said there are ""no expectations at all"" of an immediate Ryan endorsement, describing the Thursday session as an ""opening conversation"" in an ongoing process of party unification.

Senators who met with Trump said they discussed a range of issues from immigration to tax policy and were impressed at how ""genial"" and ""affable"" he was in person. Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn said he understood that Trump is more of a ""showman"" in public.

He said he suggested to Trump that he find a new way to talk about immigration, and referenced his experience as a border state senator.

""There's some issues that Trump is clear on, but they shouldn't be scary for our members. Our members have always said they believe in ending the lawlessness of illegal immigration and always said we have to have trade agreements that are good,"" said Sen. Jeff Sessions, the first senator to endorse Trump who has served as a liaison between the campaign and his Senate colleagues.

According to a source familiar with the meeting, Trump told House leadership he would come out with a list, assisted by conservative groups The Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation, of judicial nominations he would make if he had the opportunity to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court. Trump also said the members present at the meeting should submit names to him and he would put them on the list.

A few of the House leadership members pushed Trump on abortion -- he has voiced views to the left of the GOP on the issue -- and Trump confirmed repeatedly that he was not interested in changing the party's platform.

Hordes of reporters mobbed the front entrance of the GOP headquarters and gathered across the street from an alleyway behind the building, but Trump's motorcade evaded the glare of the cameras and led the presumptive GOP nominee to the back entrance.

Inside, Trump was slated for a slew of meetings, the first of which was with Ryan and Priebus, who brokered the meeting in hopes of gluing the GOP's jagged divisions back together after Trump became the presumptive nominee and Ryan dropped a bombshell last week by refusing to back the brash billionaire.

Trump also met with the rest of the House Republican leaders, only one of whom -- Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington -- has not yet endorsed Trump and is holding out alongside Ryan.

Trump then headed to meet with Senate Republican leadership before he departs Washington around 2 p.m.

Democrats, meanwhile, were more than happy to paint Trump and congressional and party GOP leaders as already united.

""I guess he should be giddy about a Trump presidency. Donald Trump is everything that (McConnell) and his party could ever want in a nomination,"" said Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid on the Senate floor, adding that Trump's ""positions are identical to the Republican Party platform.""

Immigration activists and other protesters were on site Thursday morning to reinforce the division Trump has sowed in the country, holding signs calling the presumptive nominee ""dangerous,"" ""divisive"" and ""deceitful."" A Trump impersonator with a bullhorn held bags with dollar signs printed on them.

But Priebus left the meeting reassured that Trump would be able to appeal to communities of color that Trump largely alienated during the primary season.

""Tone and tenor matter, and I think Donald Trump understands that, too,"" Priebus told Blitzer on ""The Situation Room,"" saying that real estate magnate ""absolutely"" could do well with minority voters.

In private and in public, Ryan is sending the message his party wants to hear: The GOP will be united this fall.

In a private meeting in his office Wednesday, Ryan told his colleagues who support Trump that his high-profile sit-down with the billionaire businessman would be the start of a continual dialogue between the speaker's office and the presidential campaign, sources said.

Speaking to the full House GOP Conference in the basement of the Capitol, Ryan suggested that the party's focus this fall will be on defeating Hillary Clinton -- not the internal GOP bloodbath.

""The United States cannot afford another four years of the Obama White House, which is what Hillary Clinton represents,"" Trump and Ryan said in their statement following the meeting. ""That is why it's critical that Republicans unite around our shared principles, advance a conservative agenda, and do all we can to win this fall.""

But according to several allies of the speaker, Ryan went into the meeting seeking some assurances for himself.

He wants to ensure Trump will not hurt his House Republican majority by undermining his colleagues and the carefully crafted election-year agenda the GOP is painstakingly trying to create. He wants Trump to communicate a positive vision, avoid using foul and incendiary rhetoric and keep the party united on its core conservative principles. And as Ryan told reporters Wednesday, he just wants to ""get to know"" Trump.

Yet, his strategy -- to publicly announce last week he won't yet back Trump -- also has put Ryan on the firing line, including among his own members who say they were blindsided that the leader of their party undermined their presumptive nominee just as the GOP was trying to heal after a divisive primary.

""Well it sure doesn't make it look like we're all on the same page, does it?"" Rep. Mark Amodei, R-Nevada, said of Ryan's public stand. ""What's the matter with saying, 'I disagree with him on this and that but we're all wearing the same jersey. So guess what? We want to win the game, and we go have a fight in the locker room.'""

Asked if Ryan's comments bothered him, Amodei said: ""Yes, it does. I'm trying to figure out what the upside is.""

Rep. Lynn Westmoreland of Georgia, a friend of Ryan's, was surprised by the speaker's lack of endorsement.

""It just seemed like he could have said, ""I""m going to support whoever our nominee is that comes out of Cleveland,"" Westmoreland said. ""Why do you want to make mad who you are trying to go into a room and negotiate with?""

On the Senate side, McConnell told reporters this week that Trump could be ""competitive"" in the fall, a show of support from the party leader.

Sen. Shelley Moore Capito, a West Virginia Republican who has not yet said she'll back Trump, said she has a point to make with the front-runner during the Thursday meeting.

""The other thing is the tone that he has had,"" Capito said. ""I'm going to express that I don't think that's a productive tone for the rest of the campaign, and I think it would affect the intensity in which people campaign for him.""

Already, other meetings between Trump and other House factions are in the works, including with the conservative House Freedom Caucus. Many conservatives expect that group and others to get behind Trump. The longer Ryan holds out, the more isolated he could become in his conference.

But Trump's detractors on Capitol Hill believe Ryan has provided cover to his colleagues in tough races by showing some distance from the candidate.

Rep. Carlos Curbelo -- one of the most endangered House Republicans in the country -- said: ""I'm very grateful for the speaker for doing this.""

After the Trump meeting, Senate GOP leaders briefed their conference in Mansfield room near the Senate floor. Former Trump rival Ted Cruz didn't say much there, other than a joke, according to a senator in the room.

""To be honest with you, I didn't want to come back,"" Cruz said.

Arizona Sen. John McCain responded: ""We didn't want you to either.""",1
2702,Former Facebook staffers say conservative news is deliberately suppressed,"Facebook is being accused of fiddling with its formulas to suppress conservative news.

That’s what some unnamed former Facebook contractors told the tech site Gizmodo—and it’s an accusation that strikes at the heart of the social network’s credibility.

Facebook relies on computer algorithms to determine what is “trending,” an influential designation that inevitably boosts traffic for what are deemed the hottest topics. But unbeknownst to much of the public, Facebook hires journalists to tweak these formulas, and this is where the question of political bias has erupted.

Gizmodo reports that Facebook “routinely suppressed news stories of interest to conservative readers,” according to a former journalist who worked on the trending designations. And several former Facebook “news curators” told the website that they were told to “inject” certain topics into the trending list, even if they weren’t popular enough to warrant making the crucial list.

Depending on who was on duty, said the unnamed conservative ex-curator, citing fear of retribution from the company, “things would be blacklisted or trending … I’d come on shift and I’d discover that CPAC or Mitt Romney or Glenn Beck or popular conservative topics wouldn’t be trending because either the curator didn’t recognize the news topic or it was like they had a bias against Ted Cruz.”

Facebook denies any political bias. A spokesperson said in a statement: “We take allegations of bias very seriously. Facebook is a platform for people and perspectives from across the political spectrum. Trending Topics shows you the popular topics and hashtags that are being talked about on Facebook. There are rigorous guidelines in place for the review team to ensure consistency and neutrality. These guidelines do not permit the suppression of political perspectives.”

The Gizmodo account is based on interviews with a handful of ex-employees who chose to remain anonymous and could be pushing their own views. Other former curators told Gizmodo they did not consciously make biased judgments on trending topics, and no one is alleging that Facebook management ordered such actions.

But as Facebook has mushroomed into a mighty media force, one that has content-sharing arrangements with major news organizations, Mark Zuckerberg has always cast his global operation as a neutral platform. If there is a cooking of the digital books that penalizes conservatives, Facebook could face a considerable backlash.

A former curator gave Gizmodo notes he had made of stories that were omitted from trending topics. These included the allegations that former IRS official Lois Lerner improperly scrutinized conservative groups, and stories involving Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, the Drudge Report and Chris Kyle, the former Navy SEAL who was killed three years ago.

All this, said the unnamed curator, “had a chilling effect on conservative news.”

The sources also told Gizmodo that stories reported by such conservative-leaning news outlets as Breitbart, the Washington Examiner and Newsmax, which were trending enough to be picked up by Facebook’s algorithm, were excluded unless so-called mainstream sites like the New York Times, CNN and the BBC followed up on those stories.

Facebook’s political stance has been called into question during the presidential campaign.

Zuckerberg, the company’s founder and CEO, took an obvious shot at Donald Trump last month, saying: “I hear fearful voices calling for building walls and distancing people they label as ‘others.’ I hear them calling for blocking free expression, for slowing immigration, for reducing trade, and in some cases, even for cutting access to the Internet.” Zuckerberg has also signed a legal brief asking the Supreme Court to uphold President Obama’s executive action limiting deportation of illegal immigrants.

And in March, as part of a weekly internal poll, some Facebook employees asked Zuckerberg: “What responsibility does Facebook have to help prevent President Trump in 2017?”

That prompted a statement from Facebook: “We as a company are neutral — we have not and will not use our products in a way that attempts to influence how people vote.”

With more than 1 billion users worldwide, Facebook wields tremendous influence. The controversy over trending topics could cause some users to question whether the social site is subtly tampering with people’s news feeds to promote or minimize certain political stories or viewpoints.

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
3719,Does blood on shoe link suspect to Washington slayings?,"(CNN) First, DNA on a pizza crust led authorities to the man they accuse of killing three members of a prominent Washington family and their housekeeper.

Now investigators say they have a new clue linking suspect Darron Dellon Dennis Wint to one of the victims: blood found on a shoe he was wearing when authorities arrested him.

Forensic analysis matched traces of blood on Wint's shoe to at least one of the murder victims, two law enforcement officials said. The officials would not specify which victim's blood was allegedly found on Wint's shoe.

It's too soon to say what role the evidence could play in the case authorities are building against Wint, who has been charged with first-degree murder in the killings last month of Savvas, Amy and Philip Savopoulos and housekeeper Veralicia Figueroa.

Investigators said last month they don't believe Wint acted alone . But so far, no one else has been charged in connection to the killings.

Police have said they're still investigating, and they haven't detailed exactly what they believe happened in the days leading up to the grisly killings, which came to light when the victims' bodies were discovered after a fire consumed the Savopoulos family's $4.5 million mansion last month.

Investigators soon realized the massive fire wasn't the full story.

The victims were bound with duct tape, and they suffered from blunt-force trauma, according to a source familiar with the investigation. And there were signs that 10-year-old Philip Savopoulos had been stabbed and tortured, according to the source.

The public defender representing Wint has not responded to repeated requests for comment.

Attorney Robin Ficker, a lawyer who has represented Wint in the past, has said he believes authorities have ""the wrong guy.""

""I know him to be a kind, gentle, nonaggressive person; (he is) someone you wouldn't mind your grandmother going to lunch with,"" the Maryland lawyer said last month after Wint's arrest. ""... It's a rush to judgment. There's a presumption of innocence, which is not being mentioned by police.""

Asked Tuesday about the alleged new evidence tying Wint to one of the victims, he said, ""I have a lot of questions about that. Why is this coming out now?""",1
4828,Trump: 'President Barack Obama was born in the United States',"Washington (CNN) Donald Trump finally admitted Friday that ""President Barack Obama was born in the United States,"" reversing himself on the issue that propelled him into national politics five years ago.

Trump sought to end his longstanding attempt to discredit the nation's first African-American president with just a few sentences tacked on at the end as he unveiled his new hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington.

But the issue isn't likely to die down any time soon -- especially as Trump continues to falsely blame Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton for starting the ""birtherism"" controversy. Clinton said earlier Friday that Trump's acknowledgment of Obama's birthplace doesn't go far enough and that he must also apologize.

""For five years, he has led the birther movement to delegitimize our first black president,"" Clinton said at an event in Washington. ""His campaign was founded on this outrageous lie.""

Obama was born in Hawaii in 1961.

Trump offered no apologies for his leading role in the birther movement and didn't explain what drove him to change his mind. The President dismissed Trump's criticism Friday, joking with reporters at the White House and saying, ""I was pretty confident about where I was born.""

Speaking at George Mason University in Fairfax, Virginia, Friday, First Lady Michelle Obama addressed the controversy head on.

""There were those who questioned and continue to question for the past eight years up through this very day whether my husband was even born in this country,"" she said. ""Well, during his time in office, I think Barack has answered those questions with the example he set by going high when they low.""

The birtherism controversy exploded the previous night when Trump said in an interview with The Washington Post that he still wasn't prepared to acknowledge Obama's birthplace. Within a few hours, the campaign released a statement -- attributed to his spokesman -- that said Trump now believes Obama was born in the United States.

Trump finally said the words out loud Friday morning.

""President Barack Obama was born in the United States. Period,"" Trump said, ignoring reporters' questions despite earlier indications he would hold a press conference. ""Now we all want to get back to making America strong and great again.""

The developments over the past day were steeped in political motivations. With 53 days before the presidential election, Trump is moving into a margin of error race with Clinton and trying to broaden his appeal while maintaining his grip on the GOP base. Trump has tried to improve his dismal standing among minority voters and moderate Republicans in recent weeks, many of whom see birtherism as racially motivated and an insult to Obama.

He is also aiming to take the issue of Obama's birthplace and legitimacy off the table by the time of the crucial debate with Clinton September 26.

Trump has declined other opportunities during the past two weeks to refute his original birtherism.

When local Philadelphia TV station WPVI asked Trump on September 2 about his past statements, Trump replied: ""I don't talk about it anymore. I told you, I don't talk about it anymore.""

He repeated the same line when asked about it during a gaggle with reporters aboard his plane last week.

And in an interview with Fox News' Bill O'Reilly last week, Trump again said, ""I don't bother talking about it.""

Trump's extraordinary attempt to prove Obama was not a natural-born US citizen and was therefore not qualified to be president started on the conservative fringe but gathered momentum and became a major issue. The White House initially tried to ignore the birtherism movement as the work of conspiracy theorists, but Trump's huge media profile propelled the issue through conservative media and it eventually gained traction.

The saga only ended in a surreal and extraordinary moment in American politics when the sitting President went to the White House briefing room in April 2011 and produced his long-form birth certificate.

""We're not going to be able to solve our problems if we get distracted by sideshows and carnival barkers,"" Obama said at the time, in a clear reference to Trump.

In his statement Thursday night, Trump spokesman Jason Miller said, ""Mr. Trump did a great service to the President and the country by bringing closure to the issue that Hillary Clinton and her team first raised.""

He was referring to a controversy from the 2008 Democratic primary fight between Obama and Clinton. In a March 2008 interview with ""60 Minutes,"" Clinton said she took then-Sen. Obama's word that he was not a Muslim, but when pressed if she believed he was, she replied, ""No. No, there is nothing to base that on -- as far as I know.""

Clinton, however, was not questioning Obama's birthplace.

Clinton slammed Trump's comments to the Post while speaking at a Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute event in Washington Thursday, saying he needs to stop his ""ugliness"" and ""bigotry.""

""He was asked one more time: Where was President Obama born? And he still wouldn't say Hawaii. He still wouldn't say America. This man wants to be our next president? When will he stop this ugliness, this bigotry?"" she said. ""This is the best he can do. This is who he is. And so we need to decide who we are.""

Clinton's campaign later tweeted, ""President Obama's successor cannot and will not be the man who led the racist birther movement. Period.""

Trump's embrace of the birther controversy seemed outlandish when it began. In retrospect, it looks like a template for the fact-challenged approach he has adopted in his presidential campaign.

After Obama's news conference, the real-estate developer claimed credit for getting the President to produce evidence of his birthplace.

""Today I'm very proud of myself because I've accomplished something that nobody else was able to accomplish,"" Trump said in New Hampshire, after Obama's news conference.

In subsequent years, Obama poked fun at the birtherism controversy and used it to ridicule Trump, most memorably in a savage takedown at the White House Correspondent's Dinner in 2011.

""Now, I know that he's taken some flak lately, but no one is happier, no one is prouder to put this birth certificate matter to rest than the Donald,"" Obama said.

""And that's because he can finally get back to focusing on the issues that matter -- like, did we fake the moon landing? What really happened in Roswell? And where are Biggie and Tupac?""",1
1258,Republican Debate: Trump's absence leaves three winners and two losers,"The intentional winner of the Fox News Republican debate Thursday night was Marco Rubio. He had a really good debate.  He was substantive and sharp, clear and polished.  He came across as likable.  He came across as someone who knows foreign policy.

The accidental winner, though, was Ted Cruz.  The debate got off to a rough start with Cruz. The other candidates were piling on the man in the center seat.  His campaign had expected it. His engagement with the moderators made him seem less likable. But the moderators, unintentionally and accidentally, solidified Cruz’s support for him and got fence sitters between Trump and Cruz off the fence.

“What about ObamaCare?” the moderators asked Cruz.  He wanted it repealed and replaced.

“Why does Washington hate you?” they asked Cruz.  That question let Cruz give a dissertation on his efforts to clean up and shrink Washington.

Then there was the issue of the ethanol lobby that gave Cruz a minute of clear answers on level playing fields and ending government subsidies.

Cruz could not have asked for a better set up of questions at a time when his favorables are vastly higher than other Republicans in Washington.

Without Donald Trump, the tone of the debate was lower energy, but filled with much more optimism.

The “Megyn Kelly Accountability Project” was a welcome addition to the debate and forced the candidates to own their records or flip-flops.

Jeb Bush had a far better night without Trump there. I was surprised there was not a clash with Kasich, given his rise in Iowa.  But Bush held his own and Kasich annoyed as always.

The ultimate winner, however, was Megyn Kelly.  After days of being beaten up by the Trump forces, she showed she is a sharp, credible journalist who is willing to ask tough questions and hold the candidates accountable for their prior statements.

The video montages and prior records of the candidates were fair game and she forced them to answer.

Overall, though the debate had lower energy than prior ones, it was wonderful to have the candidates have to own their records.

As for losers, that had to be Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum, who had their “kneel before Zod” moment showing up at a Donald Trump rally where everyone treated Donald Trump as the conquering hero.

It was like conquered kings being traipsed before Rome. Their campaigns are over.

Erick Erickson is a Fox News contributor. He is host of ""Erick on the Radio"" and founder/editor of The Resurgent. He is the founder of RedState.com. Follow him on Twitter @EWErickson.",1
1316,US election 2016: New Hampshire polls close in key primary,"Polls have closed in the New Hampshire primary, where voters are selecting Republican and Democratic candidates for the US presidential race.

State officials have predicted a historic turnout, with more than half a million people coming out to vote.

Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Bernie Sanders are favourites to win their respective parties' races.

New Hampshire is the second major test after Ted Cruz and Hillary Clinton won the Iowa caucuses last week.

Opinion surveys conducted before the vote suggest Mr Trump is the Republican frontrunner, leaving Senator Cruz, Marco Rubio, John Kasich, Chris Christie and Jeb Bush to vie for second place.

On the Democratic side, a large victory was predicted for Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders over former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.

Most polls closed at 19:00 local time (midnight GMT), though some are to remain open for an extra hour.

Votes are already being counted and results are expected in the next few hours.

Live results as they are counted

The tiny town of Dixville Notch cast the first votes at midnight on Tuesday, favouring Bernie Sanders and John Kasich.

Under New Hampshire state law, towns with populations of under 100 can apply to cast their vote as the clock strikes midnight and close the polling station as soon as everyone has voted.

Of the handful of voters in Dixville Notch in the early hours, four Democrats chose Mr Sanders, while of the Republicans two picked Donald Trump and three went for Ohio Governor John Kasich.

Mr Sanders, a senator from neighbouring Vermont and a self-proclaimed ""Democratic socialist"", is hoping for a victory in New Hampshire over Hillary Clinton.

Mrs Clinton, who has more support from the Democratic establishment, narrowly won in Iowa.

""For those of you who are still deciding, still shopping, I hope I can close the deal,"" she said at a campaign event in Manchester on Monday.

Meanwhile Mr Sanders told cheering supporters: ""We have come a long way in the last nine months. There is nothing, nothing, nothing that we cannot accomplish.''

The Republican race has been particularly fractious. Several candidates tore into Florida Senator Marco Rubio - who came a strong third in Iowa - during a televised debate at the weekend.

New Jersey Governor Chris Christie accused Mr Rubio of being inexperienced and scripted. ""You have not been involved in a consequential decision,"" he said.

How the US elects its president

Mr Rubio was also assailed by billionaire Donald Trump and former Florida Governor Jeb Bush.

On Monday Mr Trump repeated his pledge to strengthen harsh interrogation technique to terrorism suspects, vowing to bring back waterboarding and ""a hell of a lot worse"".

Mr Cruz, an evangelical conservative from Texas who like Mr Trump is running on an anti-establishment platform, has called his win in the Iowa caucuses a ""victory for the grassroots"".

Several of the seven Republicans on stage have staked much on New Hampshire, analysts say.

Despite its small size, the state's place in the primary season gives it special importance as candidates try to build an early momentum.

Over the coming months each US state will pick delegates who pledge to endorse a candidate at their party's convention in July. The victor on each side will compete in the November presidential election.",1
5077,Haywire over Hacking: Media refuse to believe Trump's Russia comments were sarcastic,"The uproar over Donald Trump’s latest comments is a classic case of media-generated outrage.

All over the newspapers, all over the airwaves, there is shock and horror that Trump would appeal to Russia to furnish Hillary Clinton’s hacked emails.

The lines seemed so obviously sarcastic to me, as I watched Trump’s presser from the Democratic convention here in Philadelphia, that I didn’t see the tsunami coming. Maybe I’m wrong, but as a longtime Trump-watcher, that’s how it came off to me.

But think about the media coverage for a minute. To believe that the Republican nominee was dead serious in urging an adversary of the United States to commit or complete an act of espionage against his Democratic opponent is to believe that Trump is clinically insane.

And I do think many journalists and commentators view him as a bit unhinged. That’s why this makes sense to them. They think Trump is so off the wall that it seems perfectly plausible.

Others, I believe, don’t believe Trump really meant it, but they think he stepped in it with the remarks and are happy to bash him over it.

Look, Trump says a lot of incendiary things. His comments on Mexicans and Muslims and the like get him into trouble and are more than fair game for criticism. But this one is different.

“Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing,” Trump said. He added that the press would love that.

Trump is a master, of course, of saying things that are just far enough over the line that he drives a story for days. In this case, it means keeping a focus on the 33,000 emails that Clinton deleted from her private server as pundits and politicians debate whether he crossed a line—siphoning covering from the convention speeches by President Obama, Vice President Biden, Bill Clinton and others.

Trump now says he was being sarcastic and we don’t even know whether the Russians are behind the hacking.

What’s striking about the coverage is that it barely acknowledges that this could be an open question:

The New York Times headline: “Donald Trump’s Appeal to Russia Shocks Foreign Policy Experts”:

“There is simply no precedent for this: A presidential candidate publicly appealing to a foreign adversary to intervene in the election on his behalf.”

The Washington Post lead: “Republican nominee Donald Trump pleaded directly Wednesday with the Russian government to meddle in the U.S. presidential election by finding and releasing tens of thousands of private emails from his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton — an extraordinary and perhaps unprecedented maneuver in American politics.""

Politico’s lead: ""Donald Trump's call on Russia to hack Hillary Clinton's emails has shocked, flabbergasted and appalled lawmakers and national security experts across the political spectrum, with one saying it was ‘tantamount to treason.’” 



“Is it possible that Trump was being sarcastic? That he was joking?” CNN’s Carol Costello asked her panel. The response was no, and even if he was, it wasn’t funny.

This is why professional politicians avoid sarcasm, to avoid uttering words that create an uproar. But Trump delights in it, which is why his supporters love him, his detractors view him as reckless and the media can never seem to get enough.

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
5076,Sources: US officials warned DNC of hack months before the party acted,"(CNN) Federal investigators tried to warn the Democratic National Committee about a potential intrusion in their computer network months before the party moved to try to fix the problem, U.S. officials briefed on the probe tell CNN.

The revelation raises questions about whether the DNC could have done more to limit the damage done by hackers suspected of working for Russian intelligence.

The DNC brought in consultants from the private security firm CrowdStrike in April. And by the time suspected Russian hackers were kicked out of the DNC network in June, the hackers had been inside for about a year.

A person briefed on the DNC's response says the warning from the FBI and other agencies wasn't specific, and that the extent of the problem wasn't clear when the initial warnings came. DNC officials hired outside help after additional indications surfaced that their systems were compromised.

The DNC breach occurred around the same time as breaches of U.S. government systems at the State Department and the White House. Analysts from the National Security Agency found signatures in those breaches that led them to suspect there were other intrusions outside the government, including at the DNC.

""I talked to the general counsel of the DNC today and he assures me that every step along the way when we were notified of these issues that we changed systems, changed procedures,"" said DNC vice chairwoman Donna Brazile to CNN's Wolf Blitzer. ""But these hackers are so sophisticated that they changed procedures. So yes, it went on for more than a year, but at no time did we ignore the warning from the FBI or any other federal officials.""

Earlier on Monday, the FBI confirmed it was investigating a hack into the DNC, the first acknowledgment from the agency that they are probing the incident, which U.S. officials suspect came from a Russian cyber attack.

Fallout over the emails led DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz to announce her resignation Sunday.

""The FBI is investigating a cyber intrusion involving the DNC and are working to determine the nature and scope of the matter,"" the agency said in a statement. ""A compromise of this nature is something we take very seriously, and the FBI will continue to investigate and hold accountable those who pose a threat in cyberspace.""

The FBI has sent experts to meet with the Republican National Committee, as well as the major campaigns, to discuss their security measures, the officials say. No similar intrusions have so far been detected at the RNC or the campaigns of the two major party candidates, the officials say.

""I don't think it's coincidental that these emails were released on the eve of our convention here, and I think that's disturbing,"" he said.

Trump's son, Donald Trump Jr., denied that his father's campaign had anything to do with encouraging Russians to hack the DNC.

""I can't think of bigger lies, but that exactly goes to show you what the DNC and what the Clinton camp will do,"" Trump told Tapper on ""State of the Union"".

Even before the emails were posted on Wikileaks, the White House convened a security meeting to review what was known, U.S. officials told CNN.

Democrats, including some in Congress, are trying to pressure the White House to publicly name Russia as the perpetrator, in the way the government named North Korea in the Sony hack and China for hacking various U.S. companies. The Obama administration has resisted publicly naming Russia despite evidence gathered by U.S. government investigators showing Russian behind cyber-attacks on U.S. government agencies and even the public release in 2014 of a hacked phone call between U.S. diplomats in Ukraine that was caused embarrassment for the U.S.

At the State Department Monday, spokesman John Kirby refused to say Russia was responsible, citing the ongoing investigation.

""It goes without saying that issues of cyber security will be a topic of discussion between us and our Russian interlocutors on a continuous basis. I don't have any specific conversations to speak to and nor would I as this matter's under investigation by the FBI,"" Kirby said. ""I think we need to let the FBI do their work before we try to form any conclusions here in terms of what happened and what the motivation was behind it. The FBI's spoken to this. We're going to respect that process.""

James Trainor, assistant director for FBI's cyber division, told CNN in a recent interview that the bureau has been working with political organizations and think tanks to put more resources into the security of their computer networks. He wouldn't discuss the DNC or the role of Russia, but spoke generally about the increased number of such intrusions.

""There's been aggressive targeting of that sector, the various campaigns, think tanks in the Washington, DC area,"" Trainor said.

The ""targeting of any candidate or any party (that) has political intelligence,"" Trainor said. ""There's value in information there if you're a nation state actor, so (it) shouldn't be surprising.""

Private-sector cyber security investigators hired by the DNC concluded that hackers working for the Russian government were behind the year-long breach of the DNC. The investigation found intrusions by two Russian hacking groups.

Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, however, dismissed claims. When asked by a reporter, ""What do you say of the U.S. accusations that Russia hacked the Democratic Party emails?,"" Lavrov replied ""Well, I don't want to use four-letter words.""

At least one of the DNC intruders is believed to be behind other breaches of non-classified U.S. government systems at the White House, State Department and other agencies, security experts believe, based on an analysis of malicious software in the breaches.

The FBI and other U.S. agencies involved haven't yet officially attributed the DNC attack to Russian government hackers. But evidence gathered by the FBI so far points to groups that are known to U.S. counter-intelligence for carrying out intrusions for the Russian government, the officials briefed on the probe say.

The release of the emails over the weekend, however, raised new questions among government and private sector security officials.

It's possible that other hackers took advantage of the DNC's vulnerabilities and also stole information, U.S. officials said. But the intrusion so far appears to bear the hallmarks of a Russian intelligence operation.

Foreign spy agencies routinely try to collect information on U.S. elections, and there were some cyber attacks against political campaigns detected during the 2012 election cycle.

Typically, spy agencies collect such information to try to better inform their governments about U.S. politics. U.S. spy agencies do the same overseas.

Russian spy agencies have published embarrassing information to try to influence political events in countries they consider part of their sphere of influence. But to publicly release vast troves of stolen data to try to influence a U.S. election is beyond the scale of what U.S. counterintelligence officials have seen.

Whether Russian intelligence agencies provided the stolen information to Wikileaks, either directly or through middlemen, is now a top issue for U.S. investigators to resolve, the U.S. officials briefed on the probe say. The answer won't likely come until well after the election.

The impact of the release of the DNC hacked emails was almost immediate, prompting the ouster of the head of one of the two major political parties.

Since the hackers were in the DNC systems for about a year, U.S. officials expect more data releases.",1
2409,HHS to Congress on ObamaCare court ruling: It’s your problem,"President Obama's top health official testified Wednesday that if the Supreme Court issues a ruling that upends the Affordable Care Act, it's up to Congress and the states to figure out a solution.

Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell, testifying before the House Ways and Means Committee, addressed questions over what will happen if the court rules against the administration on the health law.

A decision is expected in days on whether insurance subsidies can legally be distributed to customers who buy insurance through the federal HealthCare.gov -- as opposed to those getting insurance through state-based exchanges. If the court rules against the administration, millions of people stand to lose their current subsidies.

Burwell made clear that the administration is not offering an alternative plan at this point, and instead wants Congress and the states to work it out.

""If the court says that we do not have the authority to give subsidies, the critical decisions will sit with the Congress and states and governors to determine if those subsidies are available,"" she testified, adding that the administration would be ""ready to communicate"" and work with states to ""do everything we can.""

In advance of a decision, Republican congressional leaders say they are preparing for the possibility that a huge chunk of the subsidies could be invalidated. While Obama would want Congress to simply tweak the law to allow for subsidies to cover Americans in all exchanges, it's unclear whether the congressional response would be that simple.

""Depending on what the Supreme Court decides, we will have a proposal that protects the American people from a very bad law,"" Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., told Fox News' Bret Baier on Tuesday, without going into detail.

On Wednesday, House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Paul Ryan, R-Wis., also said there is no ""quick fix.""

""Whatever the Supreme Court decides this month, I think the lesson is clear. Obamacare is busted. It just doesn't work. And no quick fix can change this fact,"" Ryan said in prepared remarks, renewing the call to ""repeal and replace"" the law.

His criticism comes as health insurers in many states have proposed double-digit rate increases for next year -- which Republicans cite as evidence of the law's failures, an assertion Democrats reject.

More than 30 states use the federal website and millions of their residents could lose subsidies -- which they receive as tax credits -- and be forced to drop health coverage they'd find too expensive.

Rep. Sander Levin of Michigan, top Democrat on the Ways and Means panel, said in prepared remarks that ""predictions of doom and gloom from the other side have certainly not come to pass. No rationing, no destroying Medicare, no bankruptcy.""

Obama also said Tuesday that his law was now embedded in the country's health care system and said the court shouldn't have accepted the case. He also mocked ""unending Chicken Little warnings"" from opponents who warned that the law would abridge people's freedom.

""There's something, I have to say, just deeply cynical about the ceaseless, endless partisan attempts to roll back progress,"" Obama said at the Catholic Hospital Association conference.

A court victory by the conservatives could put disproportionate political pressure on Republicans to help those who've lost subsidies. Of the 34 states likeliest to be most affected by such a ruling, 26 have GOP governors. And 22 of the 24 GOP senators up for re-election next year are from those same states.

Obama has said a ""one-sentence provision"" could repair the problem if the court bars subsidies for states without their own marketplaces, but Republicans have rejected that approach.

Instead, top House and Senate Republicans have been working privately toward legislation restoring aid to those losing it until sometime in 2017. It would also eliminate parts of the health overhaul, such as its requirement that companies insure workers. That would almost certainly draw a veto from Obama.

Republican lawmakers say they will unveil their plan once the justices rule, though there are no indications they have united behind a particular plan. They hope a Republican will inhabit the White House in 2017 so they can repeal the current law and enact one less expansive.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2454,After Obamacare: The next Democratic health agenda,"The Affordable Care Act has now survived three Supreme Court challenges and countless Republican repeal votes in the House. With Obamacare's place seemingly cemented in history, the law's architects are quietly crafting the next Democratic health-care agenda: lowering costs.

A half-dozen key Democratic policy influencers, from the head of Hillary Clinton's 2008 policy team to former Obama administration officials, are starting to plan for a post-Obamacare Washington. In recent interviews, they describe twin goals — improving quality of care while making it cheaper — that will require building a coalition quite different from the one that supported health reform in 2010.

""The ACA is here to stay and we should assume that, but that doesn't mean everyone is satisfied,"" says Center for American Progress president Neera Tanden, who has close ties to Hillary Clinton after running her policy staff in 2008. ""Health expenditures are a big problem from the individual perspective. If you look at public opinion and what people are most anxious about, it's still health care costs.""

""The ACA is here to stay, but that doesn't mean everyone is satisfied""

Obamacare faced ferocious opposition from the right, but the underlying idea — get more people signed up for coverage — was one that public health advocates and liberals could rally behind. Now, as the priority shifts to quality and cost, the policy problems become much more difficult to tackle and the solutions less clear.

Policies that reduce cost systemwide often leave consumers paying more out-of-pocket for health care. That can split coalitions that came together around the more unifying goal of covering the uninsured.

""We're trying to get groups that represent consumer-type constituencies to begin a much more significant focus on quality and cost,"" says Ron Pollack, president of the non-profit Families USA, a group that was instrumental in organizing advocates and industry in support of the Affordable Care Act.

the policy problems will become more difficult — and solutions less clear

Building coalitions in the multi-billion health-care industry, where each stakeholder has different priorities, is excruciating work. A litany of failed attempts at health reform (including Hillary Clinton's own 1994 efforts) provide a gloomy backdrop. So some are skeptical that, after the Obamacare battle left many badly bruised, health care will become a prominent agenda item on the next Democratic president's docket.

""They will do everything they can to not use the phrase health care, Obamacare, Medicare, period,"" says Bob Kocher, a former Obama administration official. ""The standard talking points will be that we're proud we expanded coverage to all Americans and that we want to protect that.""

There are myriad thorny health policy issues that Democrats could tackle, everything from getting coverage to the millions of Americans still uninsured to reforming medical malpractice laws. But the increasing consensus is that the next effort will have to focus on reducing costs for one simple reason. Health care in the United States is expensive. Insanely, outlandishly expensive.

The United States spends $2.8 trillion on healthcare annually. That works out to about one-sixth of the total economy and more than $8,500 per person — and way more than any other country. The average American spends $735 annually on out-of-pocket health care costs (which is spending above and beyond monthly premiums).

The past five years have brought a glimmer of good news: health-care costs have grown at a slower pace. After years of rising faster than the economy, health spending has grown at the same rate as other sectors since 2009.

But consumer advocates are concerned that the individuals aren't seeing enough of that slowdown show up in their wallets — that health insurers and hospitals, rather than consumers, have reaped most of the benefits.

Workers' contributions to their insurance benefits have increased 81 percent over the past decade, the Kaiser Family Foundation recently found. Employers' contributions rose too, but more slowly (65 percent).

The percent of workers in a plan with a deductible over $1,000 has risen from 6 percent in 2006 to 32 percent in 2014, the same study showed.

This is the paradox of cost control in the health-care system: so much of the spending is hidden from patients, and so many of the cost-control efforts rely on making that spending more visible to patients, that successful efforts to cut costs can feel to patients like cost increases.

""We want to ensure that the benefits of slower cost growth actually drive towards individuals,"" Tanden says. ""They're the only people who aren't benefiting right now.""

Just like Obamacare, the battle to lower costs will require new coalition building, and risks turning one-time friends into enemies. The doctors and hospitals who benefit from expanded coverage — and a wave of new consumers — are the exact same constituencies that stand to lose the most if America spends less on medicine.

In the lead-up to the Affordable Care Act debate, Families USA organized a series of ""strange bedfellows"" meetings with health care groups across the political spectrum. This helped get everyone from unions to insurers to doctors onboard behind the concept of expanding coverage.

Four years later, in 2013, Pollack quietly worked on what he calls a ""mini-version"" of the same meetings. He held about a dozen meetings with Karen Ignagni, chief executive of America's Health Insurance Plans, and officials from the Pacific Business Group on Health, which represents employers.

""Some of these groups aren't necessarily the ones who were our strongest allies on the Affordable Care Act,"" Pollack says. Insurers were a bit leery of the health reform effort, which would force them to accept the very sick customers that their individual market plans typically rejected.

""the bedfellows get re-arranged depending on what is going on""

But in this new round of reform, insurers arguably stand to be one of the biggest winners. They benefit if costs go down because they can sell less expensive coverage — and that makes them the more natural partner of Democrats in this new era of reform.

""This is an issue where the bedfellows get re-arranged depending on what is going on,"" says Zeke Emanuel, a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress and former Obama advisor on health policy. ""Doctors and hospitals are a big part of the area where we have to reduce costs. They may not be so friendly to every industry on that score.""

The hospitals who embraced Obamacare quickly may approach this new effort skeptically: cuts to overall health spending could translate into cuts to their bottom lines.

Exactly how to control health care costs will be a matter of debate among policy experts over coming months, but some ideas are already beginning to emerge in advance of the 2016 election.

Families USA outlined its priorities in a January 2015 paper tiled ""Health Reform 2.0,"" which included ideas like giving public programs the authority to negotiate lower drug prices and putting lower caps on deductibles in Obamacare plans.

Tanden says CAP will release a similar paper later this year, though she declined to comment on particular policy approaches until then. But there is a paper that Tanden and many other CAP fellows co-authored in the New England Journal of Medicine in 2012, which gives some clues about their current thinking.

The list of 23 authors on the paper, titled ""A Systemic Approach to Containing Health Care Spending,"" reads like a who's who of the Democratic health policy establishment. At least half have spent time in the Obama administration. It suggests full transparency on health care prices, allowing the government to competitively bid for the medical equipment it buys Medicare patients, and increasing the scope-of-practice for lower-level providers like nurse practitioners.

""To effectively contain costs,"" they write, ""solutions must target the drivers of both the level of costs and the growth in costs. Solutions will need to reduce costs not only for public payers but also private payers. Finally, solutions will need to root out administrative costs that do not improve health status.""

Papers like this come out all the time in Washington. But one with so many CAP co-authors is especially important because of the think tank's close ties to Hillaryland. Its founder, John Podesta, has already been announced as the chair of her not-yet-existent campaign. And Tanden was policy director for Clinton's 2008 campaign.

Most groups, CAP included, are also enthusiastic about proposals that would tether more health care dollars to the quality of care that patients receive — an idea the Obama administration has taken up in recent months. In January, Health and Human Services set a goal of having at least 90 percent of all Medicare payments related to quality by 2018.

A new Democratic administration would likely take leadership on how to make sure hospitals and doctors actually hit that benchmark.

How quickly Democrats could — or would – move on health care remains an area of debate. The president and Democratic legislators have had to spend five years now dealing with the fallout of passing a divisive law that has not become more popular since the day it passed.

But others argue that health care is an inevitable agenda item for any president, Democratic or Republican. The fact that health care costs consume one-sixth of the American economy makes them a huge budgeting concern — whether a president is enthusiastic about the inevitable political battles or not.

""There is sometimes a Washington perspective that 'the Democrats did health care,'"" Emanuel says. ""You don't 'do' health care once. You do health care forever. It's not a marathon. It's life.""",1
289,House Democrat Introduces ISIS War Authorization Bill,"WASHINGTON -- Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) introduced legislation Wednesday to authorize military force against Islamic State militants -- a step aimed at forcing Congress to take responsibility for a war it's been funding for nearly six months with almost no debate on its duration, costs or potential toll.

Lawmakers have put no parameters on the U.S. military campaign against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, or ISIS, since it began in August. Since then, the U.S. has spent more than $1 billion, participated in more than 1,700 airstrikes, and authorized sending roughly 3,000 U.S. troops to Iraq. All of this has happened without new war authorization.

Schiff's proposed Authorization for the Use of Military Force would do three things: limit military action against ISIS to three years; prohibit the use of U.S. ground troops; and immediately terminate a still-active 2002 AUMF tied to the Iraq War. It also would end, in three years, a sweeping 2001 AUMF that President Barack Obama says gives him the authority to go after ISIS without new war authorization. Some in Congress disagree that Obama has that authority and insist he needs new authorization, which the president says he would welcome.

""There is no doubt that our current offensive amounts to war,"" said Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee. ""Congress should take action both to authorize its prosecution and to set limits on that authorization so it may not be used by any future administration in a manner contrary to our intent.""

Schiff is a lonely voice in the House. Even progressives, like House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), have treated the need for new war authorization as an afterthought. It's not much better in the Senate, where Democrats hastily passed an AUMF out of a committee in late December, knowing it was going nowhere. They did so to show their frustration over the lack of attention to the issue.

If the new Congress has revealed anything, it's that nobody in Washington wants to go first when it comes to authorizing a war. The White House typically submits draft AUMF language to Congress as a first step to moving a bill, but administration officials say they want feedback from Capitol Hill before moving. Lawmakers, meanwhile, are grumbling about waiting for draft language from Obama when they could be moving forward with legislation on their own.

""There is plenty of responsibility to go around,"" Schiff told The Huffington Post. ""I place more responsibility here than at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. They don't have to make the first step. There is nothing holding us back except political timidity.""

For now, Schiff is on the lookout for co-sponsors for his bill. He doesn't have any yet, but he said he plans to reach out to lawmakers in both parties. Nobody in the Senate has introduced AUMF legislation, though Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.), a vocal proponent for passing new war authorization, has called for using last year's committee-passed bill as the base for new legislation in this Congress.

Schiff acknowledged that his proposal is probably more narrow than the White House wants, and that Obama will likely look to Republicans to give him broad authority. Secretary of State John Kerry told senators in December that the administration would oppose an AUMF that explicitly prohibits U.S. ground troops, which some Democrats have insisted on. Republicans appeared more amenable to Kerry's request.

""Many of us are skeptical of another broad AUMF considering what's happened with the last one,"" Schiff said. ""There will be some interesting bedfellows on this.""",1
3617,Defiant Charlie Hebdo to print 3M copies of latest edition with Muhammad on cover,"Muhammad will be back on the cover of the next edition of Charlie Hebdo, along with a message of forgiveness from surviving staffers at the French satirical magazine where 12 people were killed last week by a pair of Islamist brothers angered over the publication's penchant for showing images of the prophet.

The decimated, but uncowed magazine upped its usual print run of 60,000 copies to 3 million for the magazine, due out Wednesday but released to the French newspaper Liberation. Fierce bidding on eBay had editions commanding as much as $500 following the outpouring of support for Charlie Hebdo, whose four top cartoonists were among the dozen killed. Editor-in-chief Gérard Biard said in a Tuesday radio interview the decision to run a cartoon if Muhammad holding a a “Je Suis Charlie” sign with the caption ""Tout est pardonne,"" or ""All is forgiven,"" and said the message was not that Muhammad was offering forgiveness, as some initially assumed.

""It is we who forgive, not Muhammad,” he told France Info.

Eight Charlie Hebdo staffers were killed in the attack, including the magazine's editorial director, Stephane Charbonnier, who drew under the name ""Charb.""

Biard said tomorrow's issue is meant as both a memorial to fallen co-workers and proof that the magazine's mission of irreverence has not been compromised.

""We needed to figure out how to continue laughing and making others laugh,"" he said. ""We wanted to analyze, say something about the events. This drawing made us laugh.

He continued: ""We did not want masked men on the cover. We didn't want more of that. That's not us. We didn't want to add to the gravity. It helps to be able to breathe a little.""

The cover was created by cartoonist Renald Luzier, who draws under the name ""Luz,"" and created what Biard called a “moving but not sad” work.

""Seen by Luz, Mohammed is much more sympathetic than even the Muslims see him. He's a 'nice little guy' as Luz, puts it. Those assassins killed people who draw nice little guys. We wanted to show the ludicrousness of it.”

The New York Times reported late Monday that when Luz showed the drawing to staffers, he was greeted with laughter, applause and ironic shouts of ""Allahu akbar!""

But one of Egypt's top Islamic authorities has warned Charlie Hebdo against publishing the cartoon.

Egypt's Dar al-Ifta, which is in charge of issuing religious edicts, on Tuesday called the planned cover an ""unjustified provocation"" for millions of Muslims who respect and love their prophet.

The statement said the cartoon is likely to cause a new wave of hatred in French and Western societies and called on the French government and others to reject ""the racist act"" by Charlie Hebdo.

Charlie Hebdo's past caricatures of the Muslim prophet appear to have prompted last week's attacks, part of the worst terrorist rampage in France in decades. A total of 12 people were killed at the newspaper's offices by Said and Cherif Kouachi, French-born brothers who had trained with Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula.

Some witnesses reported that the attackers at the paper's offices shouted ""We have avenged the prophet."" Many Muslims believe all images of Muhammad are blasphemous.

French police said Monday that as many as six members of a terrorist cell involved in the attacks may still be at large.

France saw its biggest demonstrations in history Sunday as millions turned out to show unity and defend freedom of expression.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
644,Can the Democratic party find unified path to the general election?,"Bernie Sanders’s protracted campaign may actually help Hillary Clinton’s general election campaign in the long run, say some political analysts and generational experts.

How SNL's 'the bubble' sketch about polarization is all too true

Sen. Bernie Sanders (I) is looking for assurances that presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party won't turn their backs on his progressive agenda.

Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton secured enough delegates to be the Democratic candidate for president Tuesday, but competitor Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders (I) remains in the race leaving the party in flux.

""We just ended – sort of ended – our primary season,"" President Obama told Democratic donors in a New York City apartment Wednesday, quickly catching his mistake. ""I am concerned about us doing the hard nuts-and-bolts work of turning out people to vote, particularly young people, particularly low-income people.""

But doesn’t mean the president thinks Senator Sanders should immediately end his campaign. The Vermont senator has ""more than earned his right to make his own decision about the course of his campaign,"" White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters Wednesday.

""What happens during primaries is you get a little ouchy,"" Obama told late-night comedian Jimmy Fallon in a taping of NBC’s ""The Tonight Show"" Wednesday set to air Thursday night. ""The main role I’m going to be playing in this process is to remind the American people that this is a serious job. This is not reality TV.""

So while Sanders supporters may feel frustrated that Mrs. Clinton clinched the nomination for president Tuesday they will eventually see the light, say Democrats.

""Clinton people are going to have to be patient, and they’re going to have to let Sanders and his campaign work their way through this. There’s going to be a little bit of back and forth regarding the platform and probably rules,"" veteran Democratic strategist William Carrick told the Christian Science Monitor’s Linda Feldmann Wednesday. ""Millennials are disappointed that he’s not the nominee, but then they begin to sort through it. Instead of taking their bat and ball and going home, I think they’re going to say, 'Better finish the job. No Donald Trump.' ""

Sanders’ sustained campaign may even help Clinton’s general election bid in the long run, say some political analysts and generational experts.

""The likely consequences of Millennial support of a Bernie candidacy is that a) you may have mobilized a generation more than they would have otherwise, and b) you may have just pulled Hillary to the left,"" Jan Leighley, a professor of political behavior at American University in Washington, told the Monitor’s Jessica Mendoza earlier this week. ""The reality is youth are very small percentage of the vote. That’s true even in [presidential] election years... [and] even under the most generous assumptions.""

Although the Millennial generation has surpassed Baby Boomers as the country’s largest living generation, and matched the Boomers’ share of the electorate, only 46 percent of Americans between the ages of 18 to 34 are likely to vote.

But Sanders has rallied young voters to show up at the primary polls, suggesting they will turn out again during the general election.

And a Clinton endorsement by President Obama – who has high favorability ratings at the moment – may effectively speed up this party solidification process.

Sanders is set to meet with President Obama at 11:15 am Thursday, but the White House has been vague on the meeting’s purpose.

""I think the president will also convey his appreciation for the kind of agenda that Senator Sanders has run on,"" Earnest told reporters Wednesday. ""And I think they’ll have a conversation in the Oval Office tomorrow about how Senator Sanders can build on the progress that he has made in bringing attention to those issues and ensuring that the next president of the United States shares those priorities.""

As long as the next president is not a Republican reality TV star, the White House implies.

This report contains material from the Associated Press.",1
1314,How Trump and Sanders Broadened Their Bases in New Hampshire,"Voters in the nation's first primary delivered resounding victories to Donald Trump and Democrat Sen. Bernie Sanders, who both found a wider appeal with New Hampshire voters than polls had predicted.

Ohio Gov. John Kasich emerged from a crowded pack of Republicans to take second place.",1
3176,Is The Republican Party On The Verge Of A Historic Crackup?,"Is The Republican Party On The Verge Of A Historic Crackup?

Something is happening in the Republican Party that has not happened in living memory.

The party of unity, tradition, order and hierarchy is breaking apart over one man who personifies the concept of disruption.

Donald Trump's so-far inexorable advance toward the Republican presidential nomination has divided the party. This divide is not like the garden variety primary fights of recent cycles. It goes beyond the familiar squabbles of the party's postwar era (center versus right, moderate versus conservative, eastern versus western).

What is coming looks more like the historic schism of 1912, when former President Theodore Roosevelt came back to challenge the re-election of his successor and fellow Republican, William H. Taft. That schism was exploited by Woodrow Wilson, the only Democrat elected between 1896 and 1932.

On Thursday, the Grand Old Party's most recent presidential nominee, Mitt Romney, delivered a stunning denunciation of its current presidential front-runner, Donald Trump, calling him a fraud and a phony who was ""playing the American people for suckers"" and who would be a disaster in the White House. John McCain, the Arizona senator who had the party's nomination in 2008, immediately signaled his support of his ""friend"" Romney.

Trump responded with a rambling takedown of Romney's 2012 campaign. Major figures from the party's officialdom and from the conservative media space lined up on one side or the other to be interviewed by journalists. Some thought Romney's move would finally break the dam on Trump criticism within the party. Others thought it would ultimately harden Trump's voter base all the more.

A few hours later, a televised debate pitting Trump with his last three rivals turned so raucous and unruly that observers all across the political spectrum had cause to avert their eyes.

The 11th meeting of the GOP candidates may have been the most bruising to date for Trump, the first-time candidate whose message and persona have dominated media coverage of the campaign since summer. Rivals Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz largely ignored each other to concentrate on the man standing between them, offering a target for their crossfire.

Among other low points was Trump's reaction to Rubio joking about his anatomy. ""He referred to my hands,"" said Trump. ""If they are small, something else must be small. I guarantee you there is no problem. I guarantee.""

At one juncture, with Cruz and Trump talking over each other, Cruz tried to break the tension.

""Donald, learn not to interrupt,"" he said. ""It's not complicated. Count to 10. Breathe, Donald, breathe.""

That prompted Rubio to ask when ""the yoga"" would be over, and then to needle Trump for being ""very flexible"" — a reference to Trump's earlier explanations for his shifting positions on issues.

The exuberant and unrestrained crowd in Detroit hooted and jeered throughout the evening, as Trump gave as good as he got with Rubio (""Little Marco"") and Cruz (""Lying Ted""). But Trump was often at a loss under questioning by the three Fox News moderators. The Fox team came loaded for bear, and Trump had more trouble with their inquiries than anyone else onstage.

John Kasich, the Ohio governor and fourth wheel in the debate, received far less attention from the moderators and got almost no rebuttal time because the other candidates never attacked him.

That flaw in the format, much decried by Kasich and a raft of other prospects who have already left the field, may have been the one failing of the Fox production. Moderators Megyn Kelly, Bret Baier and Chris Wallace drilled in with challenging questions, backed up with copious facts and at times illustrated with video clips

Kelly, who has crossed swords with Trump before, stuck with one line of questioning about former students who sued Trump's online business college, Trump University. Rubio had raised the issue a week earlier in another debate, and Romney had returned to it in his summary of Trump's failed ventures (which also included Trump Airlines, Trump Steaks, Trump Mortgage and Trump Vodka).

Still, the most memorable moment in the two-hour debate in Detroit's historic Fox Theatre came near the end, when the candidates were asked if they would commit to supporting the party's nominee in November.

The question might have seemed unnecessary in previous election cycles, but nothing has been ordinary about this one. In fact, on this occasion, the question of party unity was not only relevant but painfully salient.

Each of the four used the moment to get in a final pitch for himself, but all four also wound up saying, yes, they would support the nominee even if the party chose someone else.

That was the ""right"" answer, of course, in the traditional world of politics. But little about this debate followed tradition. And one had to wonder how committed all four really were to the pledge — and whether protestations of party loyalty would hold up under the strains now showing in the party's coalition.

After the debate, lively media commentary continued well into the wee hours of the new day, with conservatives as divided as the candidates. Trump had his defenders, as did Rubio (who has been a magnet for endorsements from elected officials) and Cruz (who has the backing of many ""movement conservatives"" and Tea Party activists).

""There was no winner at the debate,"" wrote Matthew Continetti, editor-in-chief of the staunchly conservative Washington Free Beacon. ""But there was certainly a loser: The GOP. It started this election cycle in a strong position, and is now on the precipice of nominating a political neophyte ... whose unfavorable ratings are sky-high and who loses to Hillary Clinton in practically every poll.""

The possibility of Trump winning enough delegates to assure his nomination for president on the first ballot in Cleveland in July has caused many GOP and conservative leaders to scramble in search of any means to stop him. Suddenly, there has been open talk of an open convention, with strategies that might thwart the wishes of pro-Trump primary voters and force the convention to consider alternatives.

Randy Barnett, a professor at Georgetown University's law school, has proposed that Cruz and Rubio form a partnership, with each pledging to support the other at the convention. They would then become a team and a prospective ticket, with the one who gets the most primary votes running for president and the other being guaranteed the vice presidential slot. Not a bad deal given that both men are still in their mid-40s.

Others, including Romney, are suggesting that the three remaining rivals to Trump should defer to each other in states where one has a natural advantage, such as Kasich's Ohio and Rubio's Florida. That would not secure the nomination for any of them, but it would prevent Trump from amassing the 1,237 delegates he needs for a first-ballot nomination. After that, delegates are no longer committed to vote for their candidate and anything could happen.

For many veteran politicos, all this seems not just tall talk but crazy talk. No convention of either party has needed even a second ballot for the nomination since 1952, and Republicans have not needed multiple ballots since 1948. The last time a Republican convention had any semblance of suspense was in 1976, and on that occasion the shadow of doubt was dispelled shortly after the opening gavel.

Since then, conventions have become duller with each quadrennial renewal, offering no suspense other than the choosing of a vice president or the debate over a plank in the platform. Even these elements have usually been drained of potential controversy.

Few thought 2016 would be any different.

But when things happen that cannot happen, it is time to reassess what is possible.

Or, as Hunter S. Thompson once wrote of another presidential campaign: ""When the going gets weird, the weird turn professional.""",1
3283,Lynch vote deal reached on human trafficking bill,"Washington (CNN) Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced Tuesday that negotiators had reached a ""bipartisan"" deal on the anti-human trafficking bill, clearing the way for a vote to confirm attorney general nominee Loretta Lynch in the coming days.

An agreement would end the latest Washington standoff, which has tied the Senate in knots for weeks. A skirmish over a provision in the anti-human trafficking bill quickly grew into a larger debate over abortion and race that resulted in the longest delay of an attorney general nominee in decades.

On Tuesday, McConnell seemed ready to move on.

""I'm glad we can say there is a bipartisan proposal that will allow us to complete action on this important legislation, so we can provide help to the victims who desperately need it,"" he said on the Senate floor.

Minority Leader Harry Reid said Republicans had ""agreed not to expand the scope of the Hyde language,"" the abortion provision that had been the sticking point for Senate Democrats who had been filibustering the bill.

McConnell said Tuesday that ""as soon as we finish the trafficking bill,"" they'll take up Lynch's confirmation vote — ""hopefully in the next day or so."" Reid and McConnell thanked Senators Patty Murray, a Democrat from Washington, and John Cornyn, a Texas Republican, as the lead negotiators on hammering out a compromise.

Lynch's nomination has taken on historic significance — and not just because she would be the first African-American woman to lead the Justice Department. No other nominee for attorney general has had to wait this long for Senate confirmation — 165 days, and counting — since Ronald Reagan was in the White House. Lynch supporters have accused Republicans of delaying in part because she's an African-American woman, a charge they dismiss.

At issue was the addition of the so-called Hyde Amendment to the anti-human trafficking bill, by Republicans without the knowledge of most Democrats. The amendment is a common provision attached to most government funds for health programs that bars such funds from being used to pay for abortions, but Democrats said it was an unprecedented expansion to non-taxpayer dollars.

The deal is essentially a cosmetic fix that lets both parties claim a win. It allows Republicans to say they've won their battle against funding abortions with government money, and Democrats to say they've avoided expanding the Hyde Amendment.

According to sources in both parties, the Murray-Cornyn deal pools two sources of funding to support victims of human trafficking, and each is subject to distinct restrictions.

One funding stream, from fines levied against sex traffickers, could be used for survivor services that do not include health care or medical services, like legal aid and law enforcement. That effectively bars the money from being used to fund abortions, but does not technically include the Hyde Amendment.

The latter funding stream, which comes from community health center funds included in the doc-fix bill President Barack Obama signed into law this week, is already subject to the Hyde Amendment.

While the agreement paves the way for the Senate to move past the controversies, there are still a number of procedural hurdles in the way of a final vote on both the anti-human trafficking bill and Lynch's confirmation.

Republican and Democratic leaders are still hammering out which amendments to the anti-trafficking bill to bring up, but votes on those amendments could begin as early as Tuesday night, with a final vote on the bill expected Wednesday.

Lynch is still facing a filibuster from GOP opponents in the Senate, but McConnell is expected to take procedural steps Tuesday to set up a Thursday-morning vote to break the filibuster. That would pave the way for a vote on full confirmation later that day. Both face just a 51-vote threshold are expected to easily win approval.

The movement on the paired issues is the latest signal that the years of gridlock that ground legislative business in the Senate to a halt may be lifting, and further evidence McConnell wasn't merely bluffing when he promised to prove the GOP could govern when they took control of the Senate this year.

The deal was a rare legislative compromise on abortion that drew praise from both sides of the debate.

Cecile Richards, president of the Planned Parenthood Action Fund, used the announcement of the deal to praise Reid and Murray for preventing expansion of the Hyde Amendment.

""Thankfully, Sens. Reid and Murray and other women's health champions held the line and today's agreement prevents Hyde from being extended even further into other funding streams, and provides survivors of human trafficking with immediate access to needed health care services,"" Richards said in a statement.

And Marjorie Dannenfelser, president of the anti-abortion Susan B. Anthony List, said the group is ""pleased"" with the proposal.

""This deal ensures no money in the fund is used for abortion and that any funding for health services is subject to the longstanding Hyde amendment. It ensures taxpayers will not be in a position of facilitating human trafficking by keeping victims on the street,"" she said.

Lynch's nomination faces a few GOP critics, but has enough votes to get confirmed.

Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona, who plans to vote against Lynch's confirmation, told CNN's Wolf Blitzer on the ""Situation Room"" Monday he expects a vote ""fairly soon.""

McCain pushed back against the notion that Republicans' five-month refusal to bring Lynch's nomination up for a vote was a form of retribution against Democrats.

Earlier on Monday, Democratic Sen. Debbie Stabenow called the delay ""politics at its worst.""",1
3620,White House: 'Higher profile' person should have gone to Paris,"Washington (CNN) President Barack Obama's administration admitted it erred by failing to send a higher-ranking representative of the United States to the Paris unity march on Sunday.

""I think it's fair to say that we should have sent someone with a higher profile to be there,"" White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Monday afternoon.

He said Obama himself would have liked to attend the march ""had the circumstances been a little different."" But planning began Friday night, 36 hours before the event began, and there wasn't enough time for the ""onerous and significant"" security work that needed to take place ahead of a presidential visit, Earnest said. He said Obama's presence also would have meant extra restrictions on the people who were there.

""That said, there is no doubt that the American people and this administration stand foursquare behind our allies in France as they face down this threat,"" he said. ""And that was evident throughout last week.""

More than 40 world leaders, including the British, German and Israeli heads of state and Russia's foreign minister, joined at least 1.5 million people on the Paris streets Sunday for a unity march that became France's biggest-ever public demonstration.

But Obama and his administration's top hands were nowhere to be found -- an absence that triggered complaints that he missed a key leadership opportunity.

The United States appeared to have options to send to the march: Obama spent Sunday at the White House with no public events on his schedule. Vice President Joe Biden was at home in Delaware for the weekend, also with a blank public schedule. Outgoing Attorney General Eric Holder was already in Paris for security meetings -- and even recorded interviews with several U.S. Sunday morning programs -- but he didn't attend the march.

A Secret Service official said the agency was not asked to draw up security plans for a potential presidential trip to Paris in advance of Sunday's march.

""We weren't asked or notified about a trip,"" the official said. But the agency had Secret Service agents on the ground in Paris, per its standard operating procedure.

""It would have been a challenging advance ... based on what we know,"" Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary said. But Leary did not say that such an advance would have been impossible.

During the White House briefing, Earnest suggested security challenges were a factor in not having the president travel to Paris. But Earnest acknowledged the Secret Service could have pulled it off. An agency official noted previous ""last minute"" presidential trips have happened during the Obama presidency, including a hurried visit to South Africa in December 2013 for the memorial service for Nelson Mandela.

The White House noted that it was represented in Paris on Sunday -- and has offered support to France in recent days.

U.S. Ambassador to France Jane Hartley was in the march, as was assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland. At a security summit, Holder was joined in those security meetings by deputy Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas.

Obama personally visited the French Embassy in Washington last week to offer his support.

Secretary of State John Kerry, meanwhile, will visit Paris on Friday.

Kerry skipped Monday's march because he was in India on Monday for a long-planned event there with new Prime Minister Narendra Modi -- a key relationship as the United States tries to improve long-strained trade ties with the country.

Kerry brushed the criticism off as ""quibbling,"" saying he'll visit Paris on his way back to the United States to make ""crystal clear how passionately we feel"" about the attacks and response.

""The U.S. has been deeply engaged with the people of France since this incident occurred,"" Kerry told reporters, adding that the United States has offered intelligence and law enforcement help.

""This is sort of quibbling a little bit in the sense that our assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland was there and marched, our ambassador was there and marched, many people from the embassy were there and marched.""

France's ambassador to the United States, Gerard Araud, sought to show there are no hard feelings, tweeting on Monday: ""I am extremely grateful for the overwhelming support France has received from everybody here, from the President to the ordinary American.""

The White House's push-back comes as Obama takes heat -- particularly from Republicans considering 2016 presidential bids -- for his absence.

Rick Perry tweeted that Obama ""should have stood with France in person to defend Western values and show support for victims.""

Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) wrote for Time: ""Our President should have been there, because we must never hesitate to stand with our allies.""

And Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) said Monday that ""it was a mistake not to send someone.""

Rubio said on CBS' ""This Morning"" that he understands that the President's security detail can be problem in mass gatherings like the rally, but suggested Holder or Kerry should have gone in his place.

""I think in hindsight, I would hope, that they would do it differently,"" Rubio said.

Who did go

British Prime Minister David Cameron, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov were among those who attended, along with religious leaders.

Fareed Zakaria, host of CNN's ""Global Public Square,"" called the absence of top U.S. officials a mistake.

France is the United States' ""deepest ideological ally,"" he said, and it would have been a meaningful image to have a senior administration member, or the President, standing shoulder to shoulder with other leaders.

Zakaria noted that security concerns didn't dissuade Netanyahu or Abbas or other leaders from showing up. But Obama's absence did show that the struggle against radical Islam is ""not all about America,"" Zakaria said.

""Many people have tended to think that Islamic terrorism wouldn't exist without America,"" Zakaria said. ""This is really a struggle between the civilized world and a band of extremists. Even if you take the U.S. out of it ... the civilized world is up in arms.""

Tapper not only called out the President and his administration, but also prospective 2016 hopefuls from both parties, for missing the opportunity to share in the global moment.

Obama spoke about the Paris attacks on Friday, saying he wants the people of France to know the United States ""stands with you today, stands with you tomorrow.""

The White House also announced Sunday that it will host a February 18 summit aimed at countering violent extremism.

Earnest said that event will ""highlight domestic and international efforts to prevent violent extremists and their supporters from radicalizing, recruiting or inspiring individuals or groups in the United States and abroad to commit acts of violence, efforts made even more imperative in light of recent, tragic attacks in Ottawa, Sydney and Paris.""

He said the summit will include presentations, panel discussions and small group meetings, focused on the local, state and federal government levels.",1
2568,House votes to roll back Obama's immigration actions,"During the campaign, Trump had threatened to impose a large tariff to keep the jobs in the United States.",1
4607,"Nevada politics expert: ""Trump is dead"" in the state","When national media outlets need to know what’s going on in Nevada politics, they often turn to Las Vegas–based journalist Jon Ralston, who’s developed a strong track record of calling elections in the state.

And now that Nevada early voting has come to a close, Ralston isn’t mincing words about how he sees Donald Trump’s prospects. “Trump is dead,” Ralston tweeted Saturday. He elaborated on his blog that from the early voting numbers so far, the GOP nominee would need a “miracle” to win Nevada at this point.

The polls have tended to put Nevada as a pure toss-up state, and a few recent ones have even shown Trump ahead there. Accordingly, it hasn’t generally been considered part of Hillary Clinton’s swing state “firewall.”

But Nevada is a famously difficult state for national pollsters to get right. Its population is transient, and many work at night. Furthermore, its population is more than one-quarter Hispanic, and it’s often challenging for English-language polls to sample Hispanic voters accurately.

In both of the past two presidential elections, polls underestimated Barack Obama’s eventual margin of victory in the state. And in Harry Reid’s 2010 Senate campaign, the polls utterly whiffed, suggesting he’d lose to his challenger Sharron Angle when he ended up winning by nearly 6 points.

So in previous years, analysts like Ralston have found success in reading tea leaves from Nevada’s early voting numbers instead. And all week, Ralston has been warning of danger signs for Trump. The partisan and geographic breakdown of early voting turnout has looked similar to 2012, when Obama won the state by 6.5 points. But the final day of early voting Friday was, Ralston writes, “cataclysmic” for Republicans.

Ralston is looking at two main things — the numbers of registered Democrats who have voted compared with registered Republicans, and the geography of the turnout.

Though the statewide early voting numbers aren’t yet finalized, Ralston estimates that registered Democrats will have a 6-point lead on registered Republicans among early voters. Since registered partisans tend to overwhelmingly vote for their own party, Trump probably either needs to dominate among early voters associated with neither party or else make up the gap on Election Day.

Ralston flags the numbers from Clark County, which contains Las Vegas and three-quarters of the state’s population and is where Democrats have drawn much of their support. So far, he writes, 73,000 more registered Democrats turned out than registered Republicans in Clark — and if those voters back their party’s candidates, that’s a big lead in raw votes that will be very difficult for Republicans to overcome with the more sparsely populated counties elsewhere. (In 2012, Obama beat Mitt Romney statewide by about 70,000 votes.)

Anecdotally, there appears to have been very high turnout among Hispanic voters in Clark on Friday, which led Ralston to tweet:

We should caution that we do not technically know whom these people voted for. If these registered partisans did not vote overwhelmingly for their own party, if non-party-affiliated voters break overwhelmingly for one candidate, or if Election Day turnout looks dramatically different, Ralston’s call might not pan out.

But ballots equivalent to well over two-thirds of the total 2012 turnout in Nevada have already been cast. So if Trump has indeed fallen significantly behind in the early vote, it will be very challenging for him to catch up.",1
4836,3 explanations for why Donald Trump is suddenly doing better in the polls,"Just one month ago, Hillary Clinton had amassed a 9-point lead over Donald Trump in national polls and had an even bigger advantage in several swing states. Her eventual victory seemed to many to be all but assured, and Democrats were so confident of winning that a landslide victory even seemed like a possibility.

But it’s all been downhill for Clinton from there. Starting in mid-August, her leads in both national and swing state polls began to gradually shrink. And the events of this past weekend seem to have made her margin narrow even further, as Trump has been getting some of his best state polls of the entire general election campaign.

Importantly, Clinton still appears to be narrowly ahead both nationally and in enough states to win. But the recent trends have not been good for her, and make a remarkably dramatic contrast with where the race appeared to be last month.

So what’s happened? Why has this race gotten so close all of a sudden?

Matt Yglesias offers the big-picture point that Clinton is simply quite unpopular. But that still leaves open the question of why things have changed so quickly. Inconveniently, a month of a campaign is a complex thing, with many different events unfolding either concurrently or one after another, which makes it difficult to test a clean theory about what’s made the difference.

Some combination of all this is most likely responsible for the shift we’ve seen, due to voters changing their minds and, perhaps, differences in poll response rates — though it’s unclear which of these factors is most important. What is clear is that a race Democrats hoped would be a landslide is now looking more like a nail-biter.

In the weeks following the Democratic convention in late July, Trump’s poll standing plummeted. This was probably partly because Clinton got a convention bounce, but another factor was likely Trump’s high-profile attacks on the family of the late Capt. Humayun Khan. The Kahn controversy was heavily covered in the press and earned Trump a new round of condemnations from high-profile Republicans.

But around August 17, Trump decided to make a change. He installed a new campaign team. He stopped doing constant TV interviews where he’d end up putting his foot in his mouth. He started doing more traditional and message-driven campaign events, as the Wall Street Journal’s Monica Langley writes.

And perhaps most importantly, Trump has managed to avoid embroiling himself in any major new, campaign-consuming controversies (well, until Thursday’s birther flap, which hasn’t yet played out in the polls). Of course, he is being graded on a curve here — as Matt Yglesias writes, even uneventful Trump interviews usually contain several untrue or offensive statements that would shock us if any other politician were involved.

Trump still isn’t doing as well as we would expect a generic Republican nominee to be doing. Vox’s fundamentals-based elections forecast suggests that he should be winning 50.9 percent of the two-party vote, and he’s currently 3 points behind that. Still, Trump has generally spent the past month hammering home his critique of Clinton rather than being dogged with questions about one offensive statement or another. And that could be helping bring some reluctant Republicans back into his camp.

There’s also one other big thing that’s changed for Trump in this time period: He finally started spending money on swing state campaign ads. Until mid-August, Hillary Clinton had been spending millions on the airwaves essentially unopposed in every key state, but now the Trump campaign has been investing millions in ads as well.

Now, these ads are only seen by swing state voters, so we wouldn’t expect them to make a dent in national polls. And Trump has improved nationally, so they’re not at the heart of what’s going on. Still, they could be making a difference at the margins in his performance in the swing states that will decide the election.

As Trump has been improving his operation, Clinton has been dogged by a series of negative news stories that could be hurting her to some extent.

On September 2, the FBI released a report of its findings in its investigation into Clinton’s emails. There wasn’t really much “news” here, but it quite understandably led to a new spate of news stories with “Clinton” and “FBI” in the headlines. And considering that the last time Clinton sank this badly in the polls was in the weeks after FBI Director James Comey first announced his findings in early July, it seems that when the topic is in the news, Clinton’s poll standing suffers.

Over this same late August/early September time period, a series of negative-sounding stories about the Clinton Foundation also were published. Most of these stories didn’t seem to amount to very much if you read their details closely. But the very fact that a bunch of negative-sounding stories about Clinton appeared in the news helps create an aura of “corruption” around her, particularly when Trump dubs her “crooked,” regardless of the fine details. (Most voters aren’t retaining the fine details here.)

Meanwhile, Clinton kept a relatively light campaign schedule in August so she could focus on fundraising instead. The side effect, though, was that she didn’t have the opportunity to “counterprogram” those negative news stories with positive events putting her message out there.

“Clinton’s decision to lay low in August … will be debated for years,” Politico’s Glenn Thrush writes. “If she wins, her summertime fundraising blitz, meant to unleash a torrent of anti-Trump advertising at campaign’s end, will be regarded as strategic genius; lose and her decision is up there with Michael Dukakis in the tank.”

I find that to be a bit overheated and doubt this made that much of a difference, but, hey, when voters did see a lot of Clinton and her message during the week of the Democratic convention, they did seem to like them well enough.

So the race had already gotten a good deal closer since mid-August. But then, the events of this past weekend seem to hurt Clinton even more — though it’s not clear which mattered most.

First was “deplorables-gate.” At a fundraiser last Friday, Clinton disparaged “half” of Trump’s supporters at a fundraiser as belonging in “the basket of deplorables … racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic, you name it.” Clinton soon gave a semi-apology, saying that “half” was too much but reiterating that Trump does indeed have many racist supporters. Meanwhile, the Trump campaign and much of the media quickly portrayed her remarks as a devastating gaffe akin to Mitt Romney’s “47 percent” comments from 2012.

Afterward, things got worse for Clinton, as she felt faint and had to leave a 9/11 commemoration event on Sunday, was recorded nearly collapsing while being led into her car, and belatedly admitted that she had been diagnosed with pneumonia two days earlier. All this seemed to some to vindicate rumors Trump and his allies had been trying to spread about Clinton’s health for some time, and made Clinton appear less than fully forthright.

This is speculative, but, like Brendan Nyhan of the Upshot, I suspect the health news is hurting Clinton more than deplorables-gate. Yes, the Trump campaign has seized on her remark, but the Clinton team probably has better data and they now seem eager to discuss the topic (after the candidate’s initial semi-apology).

Furthermore, the deplorables comment seems like the type of inside-baseball campaign story that ordinary voters won’t really care about, whereas Clinton’s health is far more striking. Search data also suggests that people are far, far more interested in Clinton’s health than in the “deplorables” controversy.

Now, it’s possible that this sudden swing in the polls is affected somewhat by differential non-response rates, a phenomenon Vox’s Jeff Stein wrote about earlier this year. That is to say, the news of Clinton’s illness may have made her supporters less enthusiastic about even answering polls, so they’d naturally show up less often in the results even after demographic weighting.

Similarly, Trump supporters may have been disproportionately less likely to respond to polls back in early August, when Trump was under fire for his attacks on the Khan family. That could have made Clinton’s poll leads look artificially large then, and a change in Clinton supporter response rates could be making the race look unusually tight now. As Stein wrote, Andrew Gelman and Alan Abramowitz have compiled evidence showing that what looks like big poll swings can often be explained partly by this effect.

Yet if Clinton voters truly are feeling so unenthusiastic about the race that they won’t answer phone polls, that in itself indicates a major underlying enthusiasm problem her campaign needs to solve. Furthermore, finding creative reasons to dismiss poll results that may not fit with your preconceptions has generally been a bad idea this year, as Trump’s primary rise and Brexit have both shown.

As for whether this is the harbinger of a new normal in the race, well, we don’t really know, of course. There are still 53 more days until Election Day, and much can happen in that time. (Everything mentioned above happened in just the past month!) Clinton’s health could get better or worse. Trump could avoid more gaffes or start backsliding like he did with birtherism on Thursday. The media could cover Trump more harshly now that it seems more likely he could win. The debates could go well or disastrously for either candidate.

What is clear is that a race Democrats briefly thought they had in the bag no longer looks like such a sure thing.",1
4435,Joe Biden praises Iraqi military,"Washington (CNN) American officials attempted to explain on Monday the claim made over the weekend by Defense Secretary Ash Carter that Iraqi defense forces ""showed no will to fight"" prior to the ISIS siege of Ramadi.

The comment, made in an exclusive interview with CNN, was the harshest public criticism of the Iraqi security forces to date from the Obama administration. The United States has said local fighters, rather than U.S. forces, must lead the fight against ISIS, a strategy that has come under withering criticism as the terror group gains ground in Iraq and Syria.

The remark surprised Iraq's Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, who told the BBC that Carter was ""fed the wrong information.""

In a Monday phone call with Abadi, Vice President Joe Biden ""recognized the enormous sacrifice and bravery of Iraqi forces over the past 18 months in Ramadi and elsewhere,"" according to a statement from the White House.

Biden, who told Abadi before Ramadi's fall that shipments of weapons were being expedited to help protect the city, explained to the prime minister on Monday the U.S. was planning to ramp up training to combat ISIS truck bombs, which were deployed in brutal fashion during the group's takeover of the Anbar capital.

Meanwhile, U.S. officials were parsing what precisely Carter meant when he told CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr that ""we have an issue with the will of the Iraqis to fight ISIL and defend themselves,"" despite outnumbering ISIS forces.

A senior administration official said Carter's remarks were in reference to the Ramadi siege specifically, which came after months of fighting and was hastened by a rash of ISIS suicide bombings, some of them at the same magnitude as the 1995 Oklahoma City blast.

""The reference to lack of will was in relation to this specific episode, which followed 18 months of fierce (Iraqi Security Forces) attrition against ISIL in Ramadi, coupled with what the Iraqi government has acknowledged were breakdowns in military command, planning, and reinforcement,"" the official said.

A senior defense official pointed to specific factors that may have contributed to Iraqi troops' lack of fighting will in Ramadi, including the absence of regular payments, the inability to visit family members and a general sense that commanders weren't looking after their battalions.

According to this official, the U.S. has grown increasingly concerned about a lack of leadership skills within the Iraqi ranks, seen as crucial to winning the support of troops in combat situations like the battle for Ramadi.

The White House has consistently ruled out sending American combat forces back into Iraq after the decade-long war begun by President George W. Bush. Instead, the U.S. is relying on a strategy of empowering local forces to beat back ISIS where they've made gains.

President Barack Obama, speaking to The Atlantic magazine last week, said that ""if the Iraqis themselves are not willing or capable to arrive at the political accommodations necessary to govern, if they are not willing to fight for the security of their country, we cannot do that for them.""

Officials say in Anbar province, the equipping and training of Sunni tribes is a priority as Iraqi forces regroup and attempt to retake Ramadi.

""The rapid integration of the Sunni tribes into the fight alongside other Iraqi forces is essential as they will be the most invested in fighting for their areas,"" an administration official said.

Michele Flournoy, a former undersecretary of defense who Obama considered naming to the top Pentagon post, said on CNN Sunday the administration has ""under-resourced"" its counter-ISIS strategy.

""We need to provide more fire power support, more intelligence surveillance,"" she told CNN's Jim Acosta on ""State of the Union.""",1
5046,"Clinton And The DNC: A Crisis Not Merely Survived, But Transcended","Clinton And The DNC: A Crisis Not Merely Survived, But Transcended

When all was said and done, Team Hillary had to be pretty happy. Their four nights in Philadelphia turned out better than almost anyone expected.

Thursday night featured an orchestrated symphony of praise for Hillary Clinton and a precision-bombing of her opponent, Donald Trump.

Clinton's own remarks at the conclusion will not enter the pantheon of great American prose or political rhetoric. But no one had been reserving a place there. More importantly, she provided a fitting conclusion to the proceedings, meeting her own mark and cutting a convincing figure as the nation's first female president.

Think of it this way: She got it done. No, she didn't seem to be having fun doing it. Not half as much as Barack Obama did when setting the table for her the night before (and not to mention her husband, Bill, on Tuesday night). She did not have the magic Michelle Obama flashed on Monday night, when she moved the delegates and set the tone for a winning week.

Yet Hillary Clinton's moment was the most important of all, the one that marked paid to the entire enterprise. And it played even better on TV than inside the convention hall. (More on why that was so, in a moment.)

Whatever the judgment of the polls in the days ahead, the party's quadrennial confab represented an achievement in careful and effective political management. It was not just crisis survived, but crisis transcended.

Let us reflect for just a moment. Team Clinton and the Democratic National Committee hit town last weekend facing all kinds of bad weather.

First, literally: A heat wave studded with violent thunder, lightning and downpours.

Second: A flood of bad publicity was unleashed with WikiLeaks' release of nearly 20,000 emails from DNC staffers that revealed bias against rival candidate Bernie Sanders. Long assumed, though often denied, this evidence of the DNC tilt broke the dam on Sanders fans' bitterness and resentment — and at that worst possible time.

Third: Gale winds carried in the hot allegations and abuse from the Republican convention the previous week in Cleveland, where the catchphrase chanted regularly by the crowds was: ""Lock her up.""

All in all, a troubled forecast.

But as people filed out of the Wells Fargo Center on Thursday night, most all of them seemed remarkably satisfied. Even many of the Sanders folks seemed resigned, or, at least, not overly disappointed. Most were also willing to vote against Trump, even if they couldn't quite vote for Clinton.

The intervening days brought tense moments. The first afternoon, the Sanders forces were in full cry — booing every mention of Clinton's name. There seemed to be little prospect for peace, and many opportunities for disruption and chaos.

Sanders' delegates arrived lacking the votes to contest the nomination, yet many seemed to believe Sanders might still win. They thought the release of the DNC emails proved Clinton's nomination was rigged, and they imagined this would be enough to pry open the delegate allocations or persuade superdelegates to switch to Sanders.

These reactions overestimated the importance and power of the DNC, which was important in many ways, but far from critical, in determining who voted or how. Still, the WikiLeaks release served to confirm the suspicion that party rules and party rulers were somehow overruling the popular will of the people.

It was obvious that the DNC controversies fed into a Rules Committee decision to reduce the future numbers of superdelegates (elected officials and party leaders who are uncommitted participants in the nominating convention and may vote their own conscience). In 2020, such delegates will be reduced from 720 to 250.

But negotiations were going forward even then. Sanders' people were talking, and there were delegation leaders willing to work overtime to heal wounds. Sanders himself, having already formally conceded, intervened to urge his delegates to show respect, if only to preserve the gains they had made as a movement.

By Thursday night, the convention organizers had perfected their defense against the hardcore of holdouts. Where the Sanders people wore bright yellow shirts to set themselves apart and held up signs protesting fracking or trade deals, the Clinton delegates sprouted American flags to wave about. There were also much larger American flags on poles that seemed to appear just in front of the more visible concentrations of Sanders people.

Outside, throughout the four days, there were thousands of protesters from Black Lives Matter and anti-war, anti-capitalist, anti-fracking and just plain anti-Clinton groups.

They were kept away from the hall by barriers and police, but they did dump a mock coffin labeled ""DNC"" over one fence. Police arrested a handful and issued citations to dozens more. They did not manage to make much impression on those inside the arena.

Despite all this, there remained the thought that ""more unites us than divides us,"" to quote candidate Clinton in one of her early appeals to Sanders supporters.

For many Democrats, the ""more unites us"" argument matters but does not truly motivate. What focuses their minds is the prospect of losing the White House this fall. While never welcome, that prospect has become truly disconcerting to them with Trump's takeover of the GOP.

Whenever the energy of the week seemed to flag, a fresh assault on Trump revitalized the proceedings. On the final night, the program reached an early emotional peak with the testimony of Khizr Khan, the father of a young U.S. Army captain killed protecting his troops from a truck bomb.

The father stood onstage with his wife and calmly, haltingly voiced his rage at Trump's proposed ban on Muslim immigration.

Khan held up his personal copy of the U.S. Constitution to offer it to Trump, questioning whether the Republican had ever read it. He also wondered whether Trump had ever visited Arlington Cemetery to see what other people had sacrificed for their country, adding: ""You have sacrificed nothing and no one.""

In fact, much of the program on stage this week in Philly was clearly meant to appeal to disaffected Republicans left feeling a chill last week in Cleveland. A basic element of this appeal was the robust embrace of traditional patriotism, its rhetoric and symbols.

For example, on Thursday night the program offered retired Marine Gen. John Allen, an old-school combat commander who stood onstage with 37 other veterans of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars. Allen announced his support for Clinton in full-throated and almost apocalyptic terms, while his silent chorus nodded and applauded behind him.

Rich Galen, a longtime Republican operative who was a spokesman for former Vice President Dick Cheney, sent a tweet saying he was watching from his kitchen Thursday night in tears because the Democrats' convention looked more like his party than the event he saw in Cleveland last week. He was far from alone.

Longtime GOP strategist and campaign handler Stuart Stevens tweeted that Thursday night looked more like the last night of the 2004 convention in New York than anything he had seen in Cleveland. That was the last year the Republicans won the presidential election.

For those who spent weeks and months — and then critical hours — making the 2016 Democratic National Convention a success, it was not just a job. But in the first predawn hours after it ended, they could at least congratulate themselves on having done their job well.",1
2114,This Is What Happens When You Elect Climate Change Deniers,"WASHINGTON -- Scientists are balking at major cuts to NASA's budget that the House Committee on Science, Space and Technology approved last week, cuts that critics say will imperil climate change research in the U.S.

The committee-approved 2016 and 2017 NASA budgets would cut the agency's earth science funding by at least $323 million. Climate is a major part of the agency's earth science work, and NASA plays an important role among government agencies in helping to develop our scientific understanding of how the planet works.

The budget contains two different funding possibilities: ""aspirational"" and ""constrained."" Under both scenarios, the budget would be cut significantly, to figures lower than the $1.947 billion that the Obama administration had requested for fiscal year 2016.

NASA’s earth science program is funded at $1.773 billion in FY2015. The request for FY2016 is $1.947 billion. Under the bill’s aspirational scenario, it would receive $1.450 billion in FY2016. Under the constrained scenario, it would receive $1.199 billion. Using current funding and the aspirational scenario for FY2016, it would be an approximately 18 percent cut. Compared to the President’s request, it would be a roughly 26 percent cut. If the BCA caps are not removed and the constrained scenario plays out for FY2016, it would be about a 32 percent cut compared to current funding or a 38 percent cut compared to the President’s request.

The supposed rationale for the committee's cuts is that the members believe NASA should be focusing on space, not on earth science. Committee Chair Lamar Smith (R-Texas) argued that the budget will ""restore balance"" and ""ensure the U.S. continues to lead in space for the next 50 years."" The budget does allocate more funding to other areas of research.

But it's also no secret that Smith is not into climate change. Smith has referred to environmentalists and others who worry about climate change as ""global warming alarmists"" and criticized the media for not airing enough ""dissenting opinions"" on the subject. He recently penned an op-ed for The Wall Street Journal that decried ""the climate-change religion.""

""Instead of letting political ideology or climate 'religion' guide government policy, we should focus on good science,"" Smith wrote. ""The facts alone should determine what climate policy options the U.S. considers.""

But in practice, funding decisions such as the one regarding NASA's earth science budget actually help ensure that government scientists are unable to discern new facts about the planet. That's what scores of earth scientists have been reiterating since the cuts were proposed.

NASA Administrator Charles Bolden said in a statement that the budget ""guts our Earth science program and threatens to set back generations worth of progress in better understanding our changing climate, and our ability to prepare for and respond to earthquakes, droughts, and storm events.""

“NASA leads the world in the exploration of and study of planets, and none is more important than the one on which we live,"" Bolden said.

""The research performed and supported by the division helps us understand the world we live in and provide a basis for knowledge and understanding of natural hazards, weather forecasting, air quality, and water availability, among other concerns,"" wrote Christine W. McEntee, executive director of the American Geophysical Union, which represents space and earth scientists, in a letter to the committee. ""The applicability of these missions cannot be overstated given their impact on your constituents.""

Democrats on the committee have also criticized the cut. ""It’s hard to believe that in order to serve an ideological agenda, the majority is willing to slash the science that helps us have a better understanding of our home planet,"" wrote committee member Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson (D-Texas) in a column for The Hill last week.

Nor has Smith seemed particularly interested in learning more on the subject. In his first year as chairman of the committee, he held more hearings on aliens than on climate science.

And last fall, when the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change -- the preeminent international scientific body assessing climate science -- released its latest report, Smith dismissed it in an interview, despite only having read the summary.

""We don’t know enough yet to make decisions that are going to hurt our economy or hurt the American people,"" he argued, adding, ""Let’s continue to gather the facts, make sure the science is correct.""",1
1395,Cruz 'thrilled' despite drop in Iowa Poll,"SIOUX CITY, Iowa — Texas Republican Ted Cruz on Saturday brushed off the most recent poll results showing him behind businessman Donald Trump in Iowa by 5 points.

""If you had told me a year ago that two days out from the Iowa caucuses we would be neck and neck, effectively tied for first place in the state of Iowa, I would have been thrilled,"" Cruz told reporters.

The latest Des Moines Register/Bloomberg Politics Iowa Poll, released hours before Cruz held a rally here, showed Trump retaking his lead in Iowa. Cruz previously held the poll's top spot.

The latest Iowa Poll showed Trump at 28% support among likely Iowa Republican caucusgoers and Cruz at 23%.

Even so, Cruz considers himself in a ""dead heat"" with Trump for the top spot. Cruz pointed to an increase in attacks against him as proof that he still has strong political standing in Iowa.

""Everyone in the field is running millions of dollars in attack ads. We saw it in the last debate where everyone lined up to toss their attacks. That’s fine. That goes with the territory,"" Cruz said. ""I’ll tell you I’d be a lot more worried right now if nobody was attacking me. Then that would be concerning: What do they know that we don’t?""

The U.S. senator and presidential hopeful was ending a five-stop day. Cruz had set the rally here as the location for a one-on-one debate he challenged Trump to earlier in the week. Trump did not show up.

Throughout the day, Cruz gave a version of his usual stump speech, laying out his agenda for what he'll do if he makes it to the White House. It includes repealing Obamacare and Common Core, opening an investigation into Planned Parenthood, instituting a flat tax, and eliminating the IRS and a slate of other federal agencies.

Linda Imsland, of Hubbard, said she supports Cruz, during his stop in her town 25 miles north of Ames.

""He believes with all his heart that the Constitution needs to be upheld,"" she said.

""I believe he’s a very patriotic man. I believe that he cares about the country, and I think it scares him to death to see where we’re headed, and it does me, too.""

Cruz has been making his final pitches throughout Iowa while counting down the hours to caucus night.

“This is now your time. This is the men and women of Iowa, the time to look candidates in the eyes and make the judgment: Who do I trust? Who do I know is going to defend the Constitution, is going to repeal Obamacare, is going to stop amnesty, is going to kill the terrorists and keep this country safe?” Cruz said.",1
4564,Russia Begins Airstrikes In Syria After Assad's Request,"Updated at 11:20 a.m. ET

In a new development that could change the dynamic of Syria's civil war, Russian military began carrying out airstrikes in Syria on Wednesday. Russia says it will target ISIS fighters as part of a plan to fight terrorism.

U.S. State Department spokesman John Kirby says a Russian official informed the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad about the missions and also requested that American military aircraft avoid Syrian airspace during Russian operations.

While Russia said the airstrikes would aim at ISIS elements, Syria's state news agency says many of the targets hit today were in western Syria, north of the city of Homs — an area known for anti-government sentiment that's also miles away from ISIS strongholds such as Raqqa or Palmyra.

Some towns that were hit today have large opposition contingents — including Talbisah, which Radio Free Europe calls ""a stronghold of anti-Assad militants and the Free Syrian Army.""

RFE adds that opposition sources in Syria claim that Talbisah suffered ""tens of casualties, including to children and infants, and heavy damage.""

The Islamic State's Areas of Influence, August 2014 to August 2015 ISIS has been forced out of parts of northern Syria and Iraq but still controls a wide swath of land, stretching from just outside Aleppo in Syria to Fallujah in Iraq and north to Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city. The group also seized two provincial capitals this year: Ramadi in Iraq and Palmyra in Syria. Russia has deployed dozens of warplanes, tanks and armored vehicles to a new base in Syria's Latakia province. But the Russian base is far from any ISIS-controlled areas. On Sept. 29, Russia launched its first airstrikes in Syria. Russian drones with a radius of about 75 miles have started flying reconnaissance missions in Idlib and Hamah provinces, where a mix of non-ISIS rebels are operating, including the al-Qaida affiliate Nusra Front. Other rebels include Free Syrian Army units that are allied with the U.S. There are also a number of Central Asian jihadi elements, including some from Chechnya, a particular foe of Russia. The fear among U.S. officials is that Russia will not discriminate and will bomb all rebel groups — including those with ties to the U.S. — to keep Syrian President Bashar Assad in power.

The Russian military involvement follows a request from President Bashar Assad to President Vladimir Putin, according to Syria's state news agency, which reports that Assad asked for Russia's intervention in a letter that cited Russia's efforts to fight terrorism.

Russia says it will provide only ""aviation support"" to Syria's army, according to the Tass news agency. Russia's Federation Council, the upper parliamentary house, gave Putin the authority to send a military force to Syria on Wednesday.

""A buildup of Russian air power began in Syria earlier this month,"" NPR's Alice Fordham reports. ""Assad said in a previous speech that his forces are overstretched and has long counted on Russian support.""

Federation Council Speaker Valentina Matviyenko says Russia chose to involve itself in Syria after receiving a request from ""legitimate Syrian authorities,"" according to Tass.

Matviyenko added, ""In this situation, we could not refuse Syrian President Bashar Assad and continue watching how people die, how women and children die, how historical and cultural sites are being destroyed.""",1
4857,"Ex-Defense Chief Gates: Trump 'Beyond Repair' on Foreign Policy, But Hillary Needs Work","The next president is most likely to face an international crisis shortly after taking office — and both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton ""have a credibility problem in foreign affairs,"" former Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Friday.

""Clinton was the senior-most advocate for using the U.S. military to bring ill-fated regime change in Libya and, further, failed to anticipate the chaos that would follow,"" Gates, who has served eight presidents over 50 years, wrote in an op-ed in The Wall Street Journal. ""The same failure she and other Democrats hung around the neck of the Bush 43 administration in post-Saddam Iraq.""

Regarding Trump, ""when it comes to credibility problems, though, Donald Trump is in a league of his own,"" Gates said.

""He has expressed support for building a wall between the U.S. and Mexico; for torturing suspected terrorists and killing their families; for [Vladimir] Putin’s dictatorial leadership and for Saddam Hussein’s nonexistent successes against terrorism.""

Gates, who most-recently worked under Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama, sized up the candidates on a variety of global national security issues — from China to North Korea, to Iran to Russia.

""Our new president had best be prepared for an early test of U.S. resolve in the Persian Gulf and Iran’s continuing regional subversion,"" Gates said.

Though he has serious concerns with both candidates, Clinton fares slightly better than Trump, he said.

""Clinton has time before the election to address forthrightly her trustworthiness, to reassure people about her judgment, to demonstrate her willingness to stake out one or more positions on national security at odds with her party’s conventional wisdom, and to speak beyond generalities about how she would deal with China, Russia, North Korea, Iran, the Middle East — and international trade.

""Whether and how she addresses these issues will, I believe, affect how many people vote —including me,"" he said.

However, Trump ""is beyond repair"" on national security issues, Gates said.

""He is stubbornly uninformed about the world and how to lead our country and government, and temperamentally unsuited to lead our men and women in uniform.

""He is unqualified and unfit to be commander-in-chief.""",1
1632,Gov. Kasich enters GOP White House race touting 'skills and experience',"Ohio Gov. John Kasich on Tuesday announced he will join the 2016 Republican primary race for the White House, telling voters he has the “skills and experience” to restore the American dream.

“I am here to ask you for your prayers, your support, your efforts because I have decided to run for president of the United States,” said Kasich, a two-term governor who also spent 18 years in Congress.

The 63-year-old Kasich became the 16th GOP candidate -- and perhaps not the last -- when he declared his candidacy at the Ohio State University.

“The American Dream is pivotal to the future of our country,” he said. “But I have to tell you, a lot of people are not sure that dream is still possible, not sure that dream is still alive. … I have the skills and experience” to restore that dream.

Kasich, known for his bluntness, was overwhelmingly re-elected last year to a second term as governor, winning bipartisan support for cutting taxes and improving the state economy.

Prior to becoming governor, Kasich served in the U.S. House from 1983 to 2001, where in 1995 he ascended to chairman of the chamber’s Budget committee. In 1997, he helped seal a federal balanced budget deal.

Kasich also made a White House bid in 2000, but dropped out before the Iowa Straw Poll.

""He's certainly going to be a viable candidate,"" Republican campaign strategist Ed Rollins told FoxNews.com on Monday. ""No one's more qualified than he is. No one has more knowledge about the federal government. ... He was an extraordinary governor.""

Kasich enters the race facing long odds. But he will likely use the situation to his advantage -- telling voters he understands tough challenges, considering he was the only Republican elected to Congress in 1982, and that he's eager to lead the fight for the middle class.

He was also the youngest person to be elected to the Ohio Senate, when he won a seat in 1979 as a 26-year-old.

On Monday, Kasich was ranked No. 12 among the top 15 GOP candidates with 1.5 percent of the vote, according to an averaging of polls by the nonpartisan website RealClearPolitics.com. Former New York Gov. George Pataki is not listed in the poll average. Former Virginia Gov. Jim Gilmore is also expected to enter the GOP race.

No Republican has won the White House without carrying Ohio.

Kasich, a former Fox News Channel commentator, is now one of four governors in the GOP field -- joining New Jersey’s Chris Christie, Louisiana’s Bobby Jindal and Wisconsin’s Scott Walker.

One of his biggest challenges will be getting into the top tier of Republican candidates to qualify for some early debates. And he must convince primary voters who question his conservative credentials that his decision to expand ObamaCare in Ohio was a moral imperative to help the poor.

""John Kasich’s decision to expand Medicaid in Ohio in 2013 was a costly mistake,” said David McIntosh, president of Club for Growth. “Medicaid enrollment in Ohio has far outpaced Kasich’s projections and more than doubled in cost. The Club for Growth is concluding its research into Kasich’s broader record on issues of economic freedom. But, our presidential white paper on the Ohio governor will, no doubt, warn of the long-lasting consequences from his decision to burden Ohio with an ever-growing price tag for Medicaid expansion.”

Unions that turned back an effort by Kasich and fellow Republicans to limit public workers' collective bargaining rights say Kasich's successes have come at a cost to local governments and schools, and that new Ohio jobs lack the pay and benefits of the ones they replaced. They plan a protest outside Tuesday's launch.

Kasich’s parents were killed by a drunken driver in 1987, an event that purportedly strengthened his religious faith. He earned a bachelor’s degree from Ohio State in 1974.

As a freshman political science major in 1970, he audaciously wrote a letter that landed him a 20-minute audience with President Richard Nixon.

New Day for America, the group supporting Kasich's White House bid, recently said it has raised more than $11.5 million in just over eight weeks.

That's in line with several of the better known Republican presidential contenders, though former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush's team recently announced a fundraising haul exceeding $114 million.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2694,Bernie Sanders vs. the Lamestream Media,"Tuesday’s first-of-the-season Democratic debate is unlikely to be what Bernie Sanders thinks it should be: a high-minded and nuanced discussion about the policies and prescriptions that would help Americans. But that’s because the media are running the debate—and the media’s chief goal, he believes, is to create a “nation of morons.” It’s not exactly a new complaint of his. In fact, his complaints about the media predate the birth of most of the reporters who’ll be covering the Las Vegas bout.

Sanders possesses “the consistency of a piston,” as my colleague Michael Kruse recently put it. In his four decades of politicking, Sanders has remained faithful to his original views on labor, Wall Street and the banks, poverty, socialism, education, the environment, women’s rights, income disparities, foreign policy and the woes of the middle class.

Nor have Sanders’ ideas about media—especially what he calls the “corporate media”—wavered since he entered Vermont politics in the 1970s. In his view, the media tend to trivialize the important issues if they cover them at all. They want to cover campaign fights, not campaign debates. They over-rely on entertaining soundbites. Their news agenda is about generating profits, not producing quality journalism that will “educate” the voters. And as powerful as the corporate media are, they seek even more concentrated power through acquisition and consolidation.

Politicians have been tying the press to the whipping post for centuries, so Sanders hasn’t discovered anything new. In this campaign cycle, hardly a day goes by without Donald Trump calling reporters “clowns” or “dishonest,” sometimes singling out by name those he considers the worst offenders. Hillary Clinton's disdain for the “scorps” in the press is legendary. When not playing duck and run, she marginalizes press inquiries with dismissive or evasive answers or by calling the questions “distractions.” But no presidential contender in memory has confronted the media quite the way Sanders has—and no candidate’s media criticism is as central to his or her core beliefs as Sanders’ complaints. He calls into question not only the product but also the capitalist structure upon which Big Media subsists.

Sanders never shrinks from speaking what he considers to be truth to media power. During an August campaign swing through Iowa, Sanders once again confronted reporters over the content of his questions, coming across as a press critic.

“The corporate media talks about all kinds of issues except the more important issues,” Sanders said, hitting the trivialization check-box. “And time after time, I’m being asked to criticize Hillary Clinton. That’s the sport that you guys like,” he continued.

As one press critic to another, I can inform Sanders that asking a politician to criticize another politician’s views or actions is not necessarily “sport.” The conflict he seeks to avoid helps voters decide which candidate better represents their views and interests. But I know Sanders is too dug in on this point to ever surrender. The public, he continued in his hallway reprimand, had tired of “gotcha questions” from the press and the effort of reporters to “make conflict between the candidates rather than talking about the real issues impacting the American people.” And with this flourish, he filled the confrontation and entertainment check-boxes to overflowing.

The media have never been Sanders’ highest priority—they don't, for instance, rate a mention on his Bernie for president issue page. But the topic has never been far from his lips at any time during his career. Sometimes he criticizes the press, as in the Iowa example, to fend off questions he thinks are beneath him, that don’t advance his campaign or that he regards as too personal. In a perfectly Sandersian world, he’d be allowed to both ask and answer all the questions. Other times, the Sanders media critique verges into Noam Chomsky territory, denouncing the press for adhering to its corporatist agenda.

Sanders expressed his early views—largely unchanged to this day—on media in a 1979 piece for Vermont’s Vanguard Press, “Social Control and the Tube.” The goal of the corporate TV masters was to “intentionally brainwash people into submission and helplessness,” making them easier marks for salesmen of “underarm spray deodorants, automobiles, beer, cat food, politicians or whatever.” (The deodorant menace is a recurrent Sanders theme, too.) Sanders continued:

""With considerable forethought [TV capitalists] are attempting to create a nation of morons who will faithfully go out and buy this or that product, vote for this or that candidate, and faithfully work for their employers for as low a wage as possible.""

Asserting that the “controllers of that medium have far more power than almost any politician,” Sanders called for a “democratically owned and controlled” TV system populated with “dozens of channels of commercial-free” broadcasting to replace the existing order. I’m sure that Sanders finds little consolation in the fact that half of his wish came true: Dozens of commercial-free channels such as the Disney Channel, HDNET, porn channels, the various flavors of HBO, Starz and Showtime and more have been established since his Vanguard Press manifesto. While commercial-free, the channels are still corporately owned.

A politician can ignore the press, co-opt it, take the lumps as they’re distributed, or —as many conservative politicians do—fight it like a punching bag to their advantage. Following the conservative example, Sanders fought the press for all these decades, and it has done much to burnish his image as a rebel and an independent. In every one of his political campaigns—from his hopeless third-party candidacies in the 1970s through his current run for president—Sanders has cast himself as David fighting the Goliaths of the major parties. He extends this underdog persona by relating to the media as if they were another Goliath, making it easier for him to deflect the press corps’ criticisms as unfair corporate manipulation.

But whereas Clinton or Trump might parry with the press for sport (as Trump, in fact, did Thursday night, devoting much of his speech in Las Vegas to media complaints), the Sanders press critique doesn’t stand separate from his critique of capitalism: In fact, his complaints about the media are part of the central animating principle of his entire political career. “We live in a nation in which a handful of very, very wealthy people have extraordinary power over our economy and our political life and the media,” he said in an August speech, reducing the corporate media to a mouthpiece for the rich. And we know how he feels about the rich.",1
573,Common Core standardized tests begin Tuesday,"New standardized tests based on Common Core standards will begin Tuesday in Ohio, requiring hours more test time for kids, and will be computer and tablets accessible.

In this photo taken Feb. 12, 2015, sixth grade teacher Carrie Young, back center, answers questions from her students about an exercise on their laptops as they practice for the the Common Core State Standards Test in her classroom at Morgan Elementary School South in Stockport, Ohio.

STOCKPORT, Ohio – Sixth-grader Kayla Hunter considers herself pretty tech savvy. She has a computer at home unlike about half her classmates at her elementary school. And it matches up well with the one she'll use this week to take a new test linked to the Common Core standards.

Still, the perky 11-year-old worries. During a recent practice exam at her school in Ohio, she couldn't even log on. ""It wouldn't let me,"" she said. ""It kept saying it wasn't right, and it just kept loading the whole time.""

Her state on Tuesday will be the first to administer one of two tests in English language arts and math based on the Common Core standards developed by two separate groups of states. By the end of the school year, about 12 million children in 29 states and the District of Columbia will take them, using computers or electronic tablets.

The exams are expected to be more difficult than the traditional spring standardized state exams they replace. In some states, they'll require hours of additional testing time because students will have to do more than just fill in the bubble. The goal is to test students on critical thinking skills, requiring them to describe their reasoning and solve problems.

The tests have multimedia components, written essays, and multi-step calculations needed to solve math problems that go beyond just using rote memory. Students in some states will take adaptive versions in which questions get harder or easier depending on their answers.

But there's been controversy.

The tests have been caught up in the debate playing out in state legislatures across the country about the federal role in education. Although more than 40 states have adopted Common Core, which spells out what reading and math skills students should master in each grade, several have decided not to offer the tests - known as the Smarter Balanced Assessment Consortium, and Partnership for Assessment of Readiness for College and Careers, or PARCC. Some states are introducing other new state standardized tests this year.

The Common Core tests fulfill the requirement in the federal No Child Left Behind law for annual testing in reading and math in grades three to eight and again in high school. But as Congress seeks to rewrite the education law, there's debate over whether the tests should be required by Washington, and whether students are being tested too much. Parents in pockets of the country have joined a movement to ""opt out"" of these standardized tests.

Questions also have been raised about students' keyboarding skills and schools' computer capacities.

In the Appalachian foothills where Kayla attends Morgan South Elementary School, administrators and teachers worry that they don't have the bandwidth to provide reliable Internet connectivity on testing day. Both tests offer a paper option. PARCC officials anticipate that about a quarter of students will use the paper version; Smarter Balanced officials estimate roughly 10 to 20 percent will take it on paper.

Just eight days before the test, the Morgan Local School District in rural southeastern Ohio ordered 200 more Chromebooks, which worked best during the practice run.

The week before the test, Kayla and her classmates huddled in pairs sharing what devices were available at the school. ""They'll be more comfortable with the technology, but it is a worry of mine that, as far as the content that's on it, there's still stuff I could be doing to prepare for the test,"" says their teacher, Carrie Young.

Eleven-year-old Colton Kidd says the screens on the Chromebooks are too small. Classmate Josie Jackson, 12, prefers pencil and paper. But Liam Montgomery likes computerized tests: ""It's easier to get the answers down, because I don't have to flip back and forth.""

In some places, school administrators and state leaders are only grudgingly moving forward.

Referencing federal law, Illinois State Board of Education officials threatened to withhold funds from any district that didn't administer the PARCC exam. Chicago Public Schools officials cited technology concerns in announcing they won't give the exam in a majority of its schools.

Trisha Kocanda, superintendent of the Winnetka Public Schools in Illinois, told parents that she's concerned about the length of the tests and the ""excessive rigor.""

""We grow wary,"" Ms. Kocanda said, adding, that they believe ""this test continues the over-emphasis on standardized assessments as evaluation tools for students and schools.""

In Louisiana, Gov. Bobby Jindal's effort to stop the PARCC exam was derailed by a state judge who said the governor's actions were harmful to parents, teachers and students. Jindal has said he took the action because he opposes what he views as federal intervention in the adoption of the standards.

Officials from the testing groups stand by the tests. In each of the states, students will see something that's familiar and something that's ""new, different and exciting,"" said Tony Alpert, executive director for Smarter Balanced.

""Smarter Balanced took the best of what states had in their previous systems and we made sure each state had access to that,"" Mr. Alpert said.

Laura Slover, the chief executive officer of PARCC, said the tests have an important equity component because parents can compare how their students are doing in comparison to students in other states.

Education Secretary Arne Duncan said states are going to ""figure this out together.""

""I think change is hard but anyone who thinks we should just do fill in the bubble tests and not look at critical thinking ... I don't quite understand that,"" Duncan said.

Hefling reported from Washington. Associated Press writer Melinda Deslatte in New Orleans contributed to this report.",1
1401,"HUFFPOLLSTER: Trump And Clinton Lead, But Iowa Polling Remains Volatile With A Week To Go","Donald Trump has regained the lead in Iowa but things can still change. On the Democratic side, young voters could tip the caucus toward Bernie Sanders, but only if they turn out. And many people who say they’re independents are just embarrassed partisans. This is HuffPollster for Monday, January 25, 2016. TRUMP PULLING AHEAD AGAIN IN IOWA - The last four GOP polls from Iowa show businessman Donald Trump with substantial leads of 5-11 percentage points over Texas Sen. Ted Cruz. The HuffPost Pollster average has shifted to showing a more than four-point lead for Trump again, after the two were essentially tied just a few days ago. [CNN, Emerson College, CBS/YouGov, Fox News]

Expect more upheaval in Iowa GOP polls over the next week. - Philip Bump: ""Earlier this month, Fox News released a poll showing Ted Cruz leading Donald Trump by four points. The two had a sizable lead over everyone else in the state, and the poll was confirming what others were showing: Cruz had an advantage. On Sunday, Fox released another Iowa poll, with substantially different results. Now, Trump is up by 11 points, a 15-point swing in the two weeks between surveys. This poll, too, mirrors the recent trend: Trump has regained the advantage. It's still a surprising development. Trump's gained a lot, across the board, while most of his competitors have slipped. So what's going on? This is the same polling firm and the same methodology….The story of this new poll is that Iowa has changed. And over the next eight days, it will change more.""  [WashPost] HUGE AGE GAP AMONG DEMOCRATS IN IOWA - A new CBS/YouGov poll shows Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders up by 1 percentage point over Hillary Clinton, mirroring the very tight race the HuffPost Pollster average shows. But unlike many other polls, YouGov released vote preference by age, revealing an enormous gap between younger and older voters.

There’s more evidence for a wide age gap. - Most primary polls have small sample sizes, making it difficult to break the results down by age group and find additional support for YouGov’s numbers. But the latest NBC/WSJ/Marist poll reported vote preferences among those under and over 45 years old. In the younger cohort, 62 percent support Sanders, while in the older group, 60 percent support Clinton. [NBC/WSJ/Marist]   Why the age gap matters in Iowa: In general,people below the age of thirty are less likely to turn out to vote in elections. They have especially low voter turnout in the Iowa caucus. With the exception of 2008, in the last five presidential elections, only 3-4 percent of eligible caucus goers under the age of 29 voted in the Iowa caucus, making up between 9-17 percent of the overall caucus goers. But sometimes younger voters do show up to vote, as was evident in 2008 when 13 percent of eligible caucus goers under 29 turned out to vote. [CIRCLE] DES MOINES REGISTER ENDORSEMENT OF CLINTON AND RUBIO UNLIKELY TO CHANGE THE RACE MUCH - Harry Enten: ""Let’s look at how past candidates were doing in the polls before getting the Iowa paper’s endorsement and how they did once all the votes were counted….Seven of the nine candidates [since 1988] did, in fact, do better than we expected them to do before getting the paper’s endorsement….The paper’s endorsement is credited for greatly improving the fortunes of 2004 Iowa runner-up John Edwards, but most of these candidates haven’t gotten anything like the Edwards bounce. The average post-endorsement bump has been a statistically insignificant 3 percentage points."" [538] A RACE FOR SECOND IN THE NEW HAMPSHIRE GOP PRIMARY - Trump remains firmly at the top of the New Hampshire GOP polls, but Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich are battling for second. Rubio and Cruz are basically tied in the HuffPost Pollster average, with a little more than 12 percent support each. Kasich isn’t far behind.

NEW HAMPSHIRE DEMOCRATS HOLD STEADY - Bernie Sanders still has a solid lead in the New Hampshire polls. The new CBS/YouGov poll shows him with a massive 19-point lead, while Suffolk shows a more moderate 9 point lead. [HuffPost] MORE AMERICANS ‘INDEPENDENT’ THAN EVER, BUT WITH A CAVEAT -- Samara Klar and Yanna Krupnikov: “[W]hat distinguishes independents from partisans is not their political positions. In fact, most independents aren’t independent at all. They hold clear partisan preferences, but they utterly refuse to identify with their preferred party….We find that many Americans are largely ashamed of the dysfunction in Washington. Rather than associate with candidates and politicians who are portrayed by media as stubborn and aggressive, a plurality of Americans would rather present an image of calm, cool independence. Not only are Americans likely to present themselves as independent but they also prefer that others do the same.” [Vox]   That limits a third-party or independent candidate’s chances. - More from Klar and Krupnikov: “In order for political independents to rise up and elect a third-party candidate, two things would have to occur. First, people who say they are independent would have to truly believe that neither of the two parties can effectively represent them. Second, the group of people who report that they are independent would have to have sufficiently coherent interests so as to coalesce around the same candidate. Both of these criteria suggest it is unlikely that people who call themselves independents will move America toward a third party.” [Vox]   OBAMA FINISHES UP FINAL TERM WITH MIXED PUBLIC FEELINGS ON HIS LEGACY - Pew Report: ""Overall views of Obama’s legacy – like his job approval ratings – fall roughly between those of George W. Bush’s and Bill Clinton’s. About as many say, in the long run, Obama will be a successful president (37%) as say he will be unsuccessful (34%), while 26% think it is too early to tell....In general, Democrats view Obama’s legacy in similar terms as they saw Clinton’s in 1999. Nearly two-thirds (65%) say Obama will be a successful president….But Republicans are much more critical of Obama’s legacy today than they were of Clinton’s then. And in their assessments of whether Obama’s accomplishments will surpass his failures, Republicans express even more negative views today than Democrats did about Bush in 2007."" [Pew] HORSE RACE POLLING HAS A LIMITED LIFE SPAN - Kirby Goidel and Keith Gaddie: ""Surveys of public opinion typically take place over two or three days; then the results can start to age. If the immediacy of information is unimportant, the aging of a poll is not of great concern. This is especially the case if the information sought is unlikely to change due to outside events. During political campaigns, however, the information environment is dynamic, so poll results tend to age quickly. Depending on the information of interest to the reader, an aging poll might still be useful. But, if you are following the horse race (who is leading an election in a hypothetical matchup) and want to know the support for candidates or issues in a dynamic environment, a poll grows less valuable as it ages. In some elections where voters have limited information about the issues and don't know the candidates very well, horserace polling may be useless within a day or two of being completed."" [HuffPost] HUFFPOLLSTER VIA EMAIL! - You can receive this daily update every weekday morning via email! Just click here, enter your email address, and click ""sign up."" That's all there is to it (and you can unsubscribe anytime). MONDAY'S 'OUTLIERS' - Links to the best of news at the intersection of polling, politics and political data: -Donald Trump regains a double digit lead in Iowa and remains strong in New Hampshire. [Fox News] -Donald Trump leads in four out of five key primary states. [YouGov] -Bernie Sanders continues to duke it out with Hillary Clinton in Iowa, widens his lead in New Hampshire and gains in South Carolina. [YouGov] -Americans are less satisfied with the field of 2016 presidential candidates than they were in 2000 and 2008. [Gallup] -Alex Seitz-Wald explains how geography might rule in favor of Hillary Clinton in Iowa. [MSNBC] -Not sure how the Iowa caucuses work? Here’s a primer. [PBS] -Karlyn Bowman of the American Enterprise Institute argues abortion isn’t going to be a deciding issue in the 2016 elections. [Forbes] -The Monkey Cage is holding a contest to forecast the 2016 election. [WashPost] -Sarah Palin’s endorsement could help Trump gain support among Tea Party supporters. [Monkey Cage] -Frank Bruni says the media is addicted to polls at a time when polls are least reliable. [NYT]",1
3674,GOP contenders nearly silent on Colorado Springs shooting,"The Republican presidential field, which for much of the year has been full-throated in its denunciations of Planned Parenthood, has been nearly silent about the shooting in Colorado at one of its facilities that left a police officer and two others dead.

In contrast, all three of the leading Democratic contenders quickly issued statements in support of Planned Parenthood.

President Obama, meanwhile, focused on the episode as more impetus for a renewed push to stop “the easy accessibility of weapons of war on our streets to people who have no business wielding them. Period. Enough is enough.”

Not until much more is known about alleged gunman Robert Lewis Dear Jr. and his precise motivations will the political implications of his actions become clear. It was suspected, according to a law enforcement official, that heated rhetoric surrounding the issue of abortion influenced Dear’s actions.

The setting he chose was one that has developed particular resonance this election cycle, after an antiabortion group released a series of secretly filmed videos in which Planned Parenthood officials discuss the techniques and financial aspects of harvesting fetal tissue samples for scientific research.

The videos, which Planned Parenthood noted were heavily edited, showed the officials talking about gruesome details with clinical detachment. Many Republicans have also accused Planned Parenthood of selling such tissue, which would be illegal and which the organization vehemently denies.

[Undercover video shows Planned Parenthood official discussing fetal organs used for research]

Stopping federal funding of the organization has become a rallying cry of Republican politicians and a battle flag in the larger, decades-long political struggle over abortion rights. Democrats have also been vociferous in their defense of the organization, which they say is a crucial provider of women’s health services.

As a presidential campaign issue, criticism of Planned Parenthood reached a crescendo during the Sept. 16 GOP presidential debate at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley, Calif.

“I dare Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama to watch these tapes. Watch a fully formed fetus on the table, its heart beating, its legs kicking while someone says we have to keep it alive to harvest its brain. This is about the character of our nation,” former Hewlett-Packard chief executive Carly Fiorina said during the debate.

Her characterization of the video was incorrect, conflating the image of a fetus with a voice claiming to witness another scene. But it packed an emotional wallop, and Fiorina has continued to insist that it was accurate.

[Fact-checking the second round of GOP debates]

Fiorina has not said anything publicly about the shootings at the clinic, but a campaign spokeswoman noted that she is scheduled to appear on “Fox News Sunday.”

The only GOP contenders to make reference to the Colorado shooting as of late Saturday were Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.), Ohio Gov. John Kasich and former Florida governor Jeb Bush.

All expressed sympathy for the victims, though none of the three mentioned Planned Parenthood. Bush, however, said: “There is no acceptable explanation for this violence, and I will continue to pray for those who have been impacted.”

Cruz tweeted Saturday morning: “Praying for the loved ones of those killed, those injured & first responders who bravely got the situation under control in Colorado Springs.”

The reactions of Colorado’s two senators were also telling of the political sensitivities.

Democrat Michael F. Bennet tweeted: “Our thoughts tonight are with the victims and their families, Planned Parenthood, and the city and police department of Colorado Springs”

The state’s junior senator, Republican Cory Gardner — who defeated incumbent Mark Udall last year in an election that Democrats tried to make a referendum on reproductive rights — issued a statement Saturday night that did not mention the site of the killings.

Gardner said that he and his wife, Jaime, were “deeply saddened by the events that unfolded in Colorado Springs earlier today. This senseless act of violence is truly tragic and our hearts are with the victims and their families during this difficult time.”

At a rally Saturday in Sarasota, Fla., GOP front-runner Donald Trump stressed his opposition to gun control but talked only about the terrorist attacks in Paris.

“If some of those folks that were just slaughtered in Paris, if a couple of guns were in that room that were held by the good guys, you would’ve had a different story, let me tell you,” Trump said.

Leading Democrats expressed support and sympathy for Planned Parenthood, but most stopped short of asserting that the gunman was motivated by animosity toward the organization and one of the services it offers. Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont, however, seemed to be edging in that direction.

“While we still do not know the shooter’s motive, what is clear is that Planned Parenthood has been the subject of vicious and unsubstantiated statements attacking an organization that provides critical health care for millions of Americans,” Sanders said. “I strongly support Planned Parenthood and the work it is doing, and hope people realize that bitter rhetoric can have unintended consequences.”

His rivals for the Democratic nomination, former secretary of state Hillary Clinton and former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley, contained their comments to tweets that included the hashtag “#StandWithPP.”

In Saturday’s statement, Obama said, “We don’t yet know what this particular gunman’s so-called motive was for shooting twelve people, or for terrorizing an entire community, when he opened fire with an assault weapon and took hostages at a Planned Parenthood center in Colorado.”

“What we do know is that he killed a cop in the line of duty, along with two of the citizens that police officer was trying to protect,” he said. “And we know that more Americans and their families had fear forced upon them.”

Rebecca Sinderbrand in Sarasota, Fla., contributed to this report.",1
2,Study: women had to drive 4 times farther after Texas laws closed abortion clinics,"Ever since Texas laws closed about half of the state's abortion clinics in 2013, researchers have been trying to understand just how much burden those laws place on women who are trying to access abortion. That's important because the Supreme Court is now considering those laws as part of Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt, the court's most consequential abortion case in decades. If it finds that the laws place an ""undue burden"" on women, they'll likely be struck down.

Researchers with the Texas Policy Evaluation Project (TxPEP), looking into exactly that, have already found that some women had to wait as much as three weeks longer for an appointment. Some women they've interviewed weren't able to secure an abortion at all, due to the logistical and financial barriers.

Now, TxPEP has published a significant study, in the American Journal of Public Health, on the effects of HB2, the omnibus anti-abortion bill that the Court could end up partially striking down. The study shows just how many burdens were placed on women as a result of the clinics closed by the law.

Researchers surveyed 398 Texas women, comparing women whose nearest abortion clinic was closed in mid-2014 with those whose nearest clinic was still open in April 2013, shortly before the Texas legislature debated HB2.

The results were striking. Of the women surveyed, 38 percent lived in a zip code where the closest clinic was open in 2013 but closed in 2014.

One key finding: Women whose nearest clinic hadn't closed had to travel an average of 22 miles, while women whose nearest clinic had closed traveled an average of 85 miles — almost four times as far. And a quarter of women in the latter group had to travel more than 139 miles to get an abortion.

This was the case even six months after HB2 went into effect, when abortion providers would have had at least some time to adjust to the initial chaos of closures.

Women whose nearest clinics closed had a tougher time by just about every measure: They had to travel farther and pay more out of pocket for things like gas, hotels, and child care.

They were less likely to be able to access medication abortion instead of surgical abortion if they wanted it — probably because Texas law requires four different doctors' visits for medication abortion, which is a lot tougher to manage when you live far away.

Unsurprisingly, they were also more likely to report that it was ""somewhat hard"" or ""very hard"" to get care.

Women whose nearest clinics closed also faced more burdens — for instance, they were more likely to both travel more than 50 miles and spend more than $100 on the trip. Twenty-four percent of women in the closure group reported facing three or more different kinds of burdens, compared to just 4 percent of women whose clinics remained open.

And the study only looked at women who eventually got their desired abortion — so it couldn't account for the women who weren't able to get one at all because the burdens were too high.

""This study is unusual in its ability to assess multiple burdens imposed on women as a result of clinic closures, but it is important to note that the burdens documented here are not the only hardships that women experienced as a result of HB2,"" said study author Liza Fuentes in a statement.

Strangely, there was no significant difference between the two groups of women in how far along they were in their pregnancy when they had an abortion. That's inconsistent with other TxPEP research that found, after HB2 passed, a small but significant increase in second-trimester abortion procedures, which are not quite as safe and a lot more expensive compared to the first trimester procedures.

But that could be explained by a couple of things, the researchers wrote. Either the long wait times forced by HB2 are affecting everyone equally, or the differences were too small to show up in this study.

It's still clear, the researchers said, that the clinic closures after HB2 passed ""resulted in significant burdens for women able to obtain care.""",1
4064,Rescue Brings A Bit Of Good News To Nepal's Capital After Earthquake,"Rescue Brings A Bit Of Good News To Nepal's Capital After Earthquake

There hasn't been much to cheer about in Nepal this week as it copes with a devastating earthquake — but cheers and applause broke out in Kathmandu Thursday after a teenager was pulled alive from a collapsed building.

For five days, the teenager was covered in the rubble of a seven-story building hit by Saturday's powerful quake. Rescue workers who got him out included an American disaster response team that arrived in Nepal this week.

""The leader of the USAID-sponsored American team was quoted as saying they sent in a camera to find the safest way to extract the teen,"" NPR's Julie McCarthy reports.

""It's what we call an entombment,"" Andrew Olvera, who leads the American team that was involved, tells The Associated Press. ""So, he wasn't specifically crushed. What he was, was inside of a box — a box with heavy concrete all around him.""

Rescuers had to use jacks to pry away the building's concrete and free the teen, whose age has been variously reported as 18 or 15. The teenager was strapped to a stretcher and was reportedly ""dazed"" but responsive.

Olvera said his team worked alongside the Nepali crew. The U.S. team includes emergency workers from Los Angeles County and Fairfax County, Va., CBS News reports. USAID said this week that it sent nearly 130 people to Nepal.

Earlier, there had been reports that a second person had been rescued, but those reports have not been confirmed.

The good news comes along with reports of fuel shortages, heavy traffic on the roads around Kathmandu and congestion at its airport — a situation that aid officials say is hampering the relief effort.

Relief aid group Oxfam ""says it is looking at ways to transport essential goods overland from India,"" the AP reports. ""It says challenges include getting aid to remote mountain villages, many of which are connected to the outside world by a single dirt road that may now be blocked by landslides.""

The U.N. launched an appeal for $415 million in emergency funds on Wednesday, to help Nepal cope with the disaster that has killed more than 5,500 people and injured more than 11,000 others, destroyed 70,000 houses and damaged an additional 530,000. Hundreds of thousands of people are reportedly living in rudimentary shelter.

""Emergency health services and medical supplies and facilities, and safe drinking water and sanitation facilities are also urgently needed for up to 4.2 million people,"" the U.N. says.",1
813,How Ryan decided to ditch Trump,"""One should not insist on nailing [Trump] into positions that he had taken in the campaign,"" he said.",1
2061,"If you really want to save energy at home, forget about your light switches","Keeping an eye on your own energy use is the ""duh"" approach to a smorgasbord of environmental problems, up to and including climate change. As a reporter, I can obsess over research funding for renewable technology, or streamlined permitting for solar installations, or more public transit, or better roads for cyclists and pedestrians, or how much fuel is burned in schlepping and refrigerating my food before it gets to me. But if I actually want to feel like I have control over one small corner of the world, I turn off the lights when I leave the room.

When the downstairs neighbors in my apartment building turn on all the lights in the basement, because they are little weenies who are afraid of the dark, I go downstairs, turn them off myself, and generally think uncharitable thoughts about them and their various lifestyle choices.

In all this light-switch obsessing, I am a textbook illustration of a phenomenon explored recently by the Journal of Environmental Psychology. Chris Mooney over at the Washington Post does a good job of summarizing the study:

You know what this means: I have been judging my neighbors for all the wrong reasons. This is pure tragedy.

The lead author of the study, Ohio State University psychology doctoral student Dan Schley, hypothesizes that people tend to focus on switches because they’re always touching the damn things. As he told the Post:

As a consequence, we tend to relatively underestimate just how much energy it takes to keep the air and water in our homes at a temperature we like.

In general, people estimate that the appliances they interact with the most (computers, light switches, televisions, stoves) use the most energy, and that the ones that they just leave running in the background (like the furnace and the hot water heater) use less. In fact, home heating is one of the biggest energy sucks out there — about 20 percent of home energy use, on average, instead of the 7 percent that the participants in one study estimated, on average.

Home heating is one of the biggest energy sucks out there

The only highly interactive household appliance for which the study’s participants tended to underestimate energy consumption was the car. (On average, Americans use even more energy driving around than they do heating their homes.) But then, most people don’t think of driving as household energy consumption — possibly because most cars live outside houses and don’t show up on the monthly utility bill (unless they’re plug-in electrical cars).

What is the smartest use of this information about our own psychology? Can we make appliances of the future nag us more? Will energy-sucking appliances flamboyantly display their habits instead of being tucked away in utility closets? (Schley suggests having a light somewhere visible in the house that switches on every time the water heater does.)

Most importantly, if blinking lights are such an attention-getter, can I program my household appliances to throw me a disco party if I meet energy conservation goals? Because that’s the kind of future I can totally get behind.

Grist is a nonprofit news site that uses humor to shine a light on big green issues. Get their email newsletter here, and follow them on Facebook and Twitter.",1
1815,Biden takes his pre-campaign to Clinton’s turf,"On this day in 1973, J. Fred Buzhardt, a lawyer defending President Richard Nixon in the Watergate case, revealed that a key White House tape had an 18...",1
2756,Can Israelis And Palestinians Change Their Minds?,"Can Israelis And Palestinians Change Their Minds?

What makes people change their minds? About the really hard stuff.

Covering the Israeli-Palestinian conflict for the past three years, I've often wondered if people here ever do.

This conflict is frequently described as ""intractable,"" with neither side willing to give up their historical perspective or their entrenched positions to end it. And it does not take many interviews to hear repetitions of the same sweeping narrative repeated on each side. Palestinians from different places cite the same historical events to back their views. Israelis who have never met each other use similar turns of phrase.

""People have a lot of [psychological] resources invested in what they believe about the conflict,"" says Thomas Zeitzoff, a political scientist at American University in Washington, D.C., who has researched Israeli and Palestinian attitudes.

He says the high political stakes and emotional involvement make it hard for Israelis and Palestinians to change their minds.

But there have been certain shifts – in public opinion and in individual beliefs - during the 68 years of Israel's existence and almost half-century of the Israeli military control over Palestinian territories.

Why? Experts list a range of influences that – to varying degrees – can move or even flip deeply held views.

""You can point to major events, either in the world or people's lives, changes in their social context, as well as changes in the kind of messages they get from politicians and other elite sources,"" says Brendan Nyhan, an assistant professor at Dartmouth College who researches politics and misperceptions.

Other factors include repeated exposure to a new idea, whatever the source, scientific research, and direct personal experience.

Four people – two Israeli and two Palestinian – told me their stories of personal, radical belief change related to the conflict. They not only changed their minds, but, a higher hurdle, their behavior.

Here are some triggers that led these people to see the world differently than they had before, even in the midst of a larger impasse.

Many groups supporting co-existence advocate for exposure to the other side. Knowledge develops empathy, they say, which can broaden an individual's perspective as well as pique curiosity.

Maayan Poleg is a Middle East program director for the group Seeds of Peace, which brings Palestinian and Israeli teens together for summer camp in Maine. She says the group does not advocate a particular political position and is not directly aiming to change minds.

But time together, deliberately discussing the conflict, humanizes the enemy, she says, and helps participants question their assumptions, as well as navigate the onslaught of opinions from politicians, family and media to clarify their individual beliefs.

""They become open to accepting the fact that what they know as truth is a narrative. That's a huge step,"" Poleg said. ""People spend a lot of time defending a specific fact. And it takes them a long time to understand that their fact is actually a narrative. It doesn't mean that it's wrong. It just means that there's another way to view it.""

Palestinians and Israelis used to interact with some regularity, often in the workplace or the marketplace. But over the past 15 years, they have been increasingly separated physically. They now spend very little time together.

But one Palestinian who went from throwing stones at Israeli soldiers to teaching non-violence says he began to change his mind about violence while in an Israeli prison. While behind bars, he learned Hebrew, saw his first movie about the Holocaust, and got to know Israeli prison guards.

""It's a process,"" says Bassam Aramin, who became one of the co-founders of Combatants for Peace, a group of former Israeli soldiers and Palestinian ex-militants. ""You never wake up in the morning and say, 'Oh my God, we are wrong. The Israelis are right. I give up fighting.'""

He remembers the first time he and other ex-combatants – Israeli and Palestinian - sat down together. He was scared.

""We don't trust them. I think they're from the Israeli intelligence. Maybe they are coming to arrest us,"" Aramin recalls.

He saw fear in the eyes of the Israeli men who sat down with him.

""It's the first time they're coming to meet a Palestinian terrorist. And they have this fear of maybe one of us will kidnap them and kill them.""

Trust did build trust over time and many conversations. They built an organization that teaches empathy and understanding.

But empathy is also vulnerable to a change of heart.

Many Israelis and Palestinians reached out to each other eagerly after leaders signed their first-ever peace plan back in 1993.

People were hopeful, and more open than ever to the idea they could live together peacefully, says Palestinian sociologist Nader Said.

""It was highly euphoric and highly exciting times,"" he remembers.

But that peace deal, the Oslo Accords, did not deliver on its promise. Violence returned with a vengeance when the second Palestinian uprising, or intifada, broke out in September 2000.

Said, who has polled Palestinians since the mid-1990s, says by then Palestinian support for co-existence had already begun to fall, as people grew disillusioned by the gap between expectations and reality.

""While they felt [Israeli] settlement activity would decline, settlement activity has increased,"" he says. ""They felt maybe they'll have more access to Jerusalem, they have less access now.""

Palestinian Abla Masrujeh is part of this societal shift. Now 54, she invested her time, money and reputation in joint projects with Israelis in the 1990s. She organized Israeli visits to her hometown of Nablus, in the West Bank, where they shared meals and visited Palestinian homes. She helped present a Tel Aviv exhibition of handcrafts done by women from both sides.

But when violence broke out once again, she felt her new Israeli friends did not understand her experiences as Israeli soldiers swept through the West Bank, or her point of view.

""All this made me rethink my position and my opinion of Israelis,"" Masrujeh says.

Israelis went through the same reversal of hope, says pollster Tamar Hermann.

""The repeated failures in achieving something tangible, and then the huge waves of terror, this made people think maybe it's not workable,"" she says. ""People started to doubt whether the cognitive change which opened the door for the two-state solution was justifiable.""

Many Israelis cite repeated suicide bombings, in cafes and on buses during the second intifada, from 2000 to 2005, as the beginning of a national shift in attitudes toward Palestinians.

American social psychologist Jay Van Bavel says accumulated experience often leads to change.

""Like a rat pressing a lever. If it gets a pellet, it will press the lever again. People are the same way,"" he says.

Over a decade, Israeli Tamar Asraf's mind and lifestyle turned 180 degrees around. She describes the process not as repetitive feedback, but as digging deeper.

Once secular and opposed to Israel's West Bank settlements as an obstacle to peace, Asraf is now religious and a spokesperson for Eli, a growing settlement in the central West Bank.

""It works like this. You get more connected to yourself, you get more connected to your private roots, then you get more connected to your national roots,"" Asraf says of her journey.

Exposed to religious Jews during her army service, Asraf began to feel her secular upbringing left huge gaps. When she began to study Judaism, her sense of connection to biblical places in the West Bank grew, trumping Palestinian claims to the same land.

Israel's political power base has shifted to the right over the past two decades, says Avi Dgani, an Israeli expert in mapping social and political dynamics.

But even though identity politics, magnified by frequent violence and international attention, play a large role in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Dgani says big personal swings such as the one Asraf experienced aren't all that common.

That's because many people don't deeply question their personal beliefs, or, subsequently, their politics, Dgani says. He cites last year's re-election of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as an example.

A third of Netanyahu backers chose him simply because ""me and my father and my forefather, we always voted right,"" Dgani says.

Once people change their minds, one of the most powerful ways to maintain that new belief is to find new friends who share it.

Asraf moved to a settlement because the people there followed the same religious practices she had recently adopted. Once there, she started voting for right-wing leaders, as do most of her neighbors.

Another Israeli, Noam Chayut, shifted to the left politically. He says small jolts shook his beliefs briefly along the way, but real change took off when he found like-minded people.

Chayut wrote a book, The Girl Who Stole My Holocaust, about his change from Zionist soldier to co-founder of Breaking the Silence, an organization of former soldiers who share anonymous stories critical of Israel's military occupation of the West Bank.

Time and a great deal of reflection were key to Chayut's realization that his core beliefs had changed.

""Soldiers get orders, they obey,"" he says. ""You just do things. But reflecting on it, I did things that were close to my moral boundary.""

People can be pushed to change their minds when they sense a clash between their beliefs and actions has become too strong.

But change is hard because people protect themselves against internal dissonance, especially in situations as emotionally and politically laden as this conflict, says Thomas Zeitzoff, the American political scientist who has studied how narratives can change here.

""We think people engage in what psychologists would call 'motivated cognition,'"" says Zeitzoff. ""To avoid things that may threaten our own view of selves or others, maybe motivated in a benign way to remember certain facts more than others, and selectively ignore things that contradict beliefs.""

And that's just one of the reasons it's so hard to change.",1
1995,"Jeb Bush to lay out foreign policy: Will he be dad, brother – or himself? (+video)","In a speech in Chicago Wednesday, Jeb Bush will offer his views on foreign policy. As a former governor of Florida, he has a clear record on domestic policies, but his views on foreign policy are less known.

When Jeb Bush steps to a Chicago podium Wednesday morning to deliver a speech on his foreign policy views, the question on many minds will be which other Bush the not-quite-yet-declared presidential candidate sounds more like.

Will Jeb Bush offer a hawkish, America’s-way-or-the-highway vision of foreign policy, suggesting he’d follow in his brother George W. Bush’s interventionist, neoconservative footsteps? Or will he offer hints – through references, for example, to America’s leadership of broad coalitions to address global challenges – of a more cautious and internationalist approach, reminiscent of his father, George H.W. Bush?

Or then again, will he meld the two visions, which do, after all, represent the two most prominent camps of Republican foreign policy thinking? Or will he somehow manage to sound like neither the father nor the brother?

Such questions almost never arise when it comes to Mr. Bush’s domestic policy vision, since the former Florida governor has a record and established, public views on issues ranging from education and fiscal policy to immigration.

Indeed, when Bush speaks of a ""right to rise"" and share in America’s economic opportunities, no one asks whether that sounds more like the father’s or the brother’s domestic economic approach. But on foreign policy, he is much more of a clean slate – and so the question of which former Bush president he would more likely emulate can’t help but come up.

""Every candidate has to pass the commander-in-chief threshold test, and every candidate faces certain mine fields in passing that test,"" says Peter Feaver, professor of political science and public policy at Duke University in Durham, N.C. ""The particular mine field for Jeb Bush is the advantage and the burden of his family name.""

For starters, Bush will have to watch not to ""overreact to the media pressure, particularly on foreign policy, to answer the question, 'Are you your brother or are you your dad?’ "" Professor Feaver says.

Furthermore, the memory of pitched foreign policy battles in the George W. Bush White House between father Bush’s pragmatic, internationalist wing (think then-Secretary of State Colin Powell) and the muscular neoconservatives behind the Iraq War (Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld, then vice president and secretary of Defense) is sure to be on the minds of the foreign policy experts who will parse every word that Jeb Bush utters Wednesday. His talk is at the Chicago Council on Global Affairs.

One hint of Bush’s preferred foreign policy course comes from the former officials he admires and those he is consulting with as he explores a run. Bush is said to particularly value the contributions of former Secretary of State James Baker and former National Security Adviser Brent Scowcroft – two pillars of the first President Bush’s pragmatic and internationalist foreign policy approach. (Neither Bush I icon was particularly welcome at the Bush II White House.)

Word has leaked out that Bush is consulting with former Deputy Secretary of State and former World Bank president Robert Zoellick (the mild-mannered Mr. Zoellick left the George W. Bush administration in 2006 after failing to rise to No. 1 at either State or Treasury) and Richard Haass, president of the Council on Foreign Relations.

Bush is also said to be considering making Meghan O’Sullivan, who served in George W. Bush's National Security Council advising on Iraq, as his campaign’s chief foreign policy adviser. Ms. O’Sullivan, who now teaches the practice of international affairs at Harvard University’s Belfer Center, is closely associated with the Iraq War – which might be considered a negative, given the war’s low marks among the American public.

But O’Sullivan is also credited with the “surge” strategy of 2007 that is viewed as having stabilized Iraq, and in some books she gets a star for weathering the demands of then-Defense Secretary Rumsfeld that she be removed from the post she held in post-invasion Iraq.

Yet while some foreign policy experts see a preference for the father’s foreign policy in the people Jeb Bush is consulting with, others see a tendency toward the brother’s vision in the few speeches he has made on foreign affairs. In a  December speech in Miami to a Cuba pro-democracy group, Bush said that instead of lifting the embargo on Cuba, “I would argue that we should strengthen it to put pressure on the Cuban regime.”

He also faulted President Obama’s “indecisiveness” on Syria and other issues for bringing on more instability and increasing threats to the United States.

Any association with George W. Bush’s Iraq War might seem to spell political doom, since large majorities of Americans continue to say that the heavy sacrifices and costs of the war were ""not worth it."" But on the other hand, what may be riding to Jeb Bush’s rescue is the recent shift in US public opinion on foreign policy – increasingly away from a ""mind our own business"" approach that had been gaining ground in the wake of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars, to a growing preference for more American intervention.

""Public opinion has turned around significantly over the last 14 months to favoring a much more robust US role in the world,"" says Robert Lieber, a professor of government and international affairs at Georgetown University in Washington. ""I would assume that Jeb Bush would choose to tap into that as he lays out his foreign policy.""

Duke University’s Feaver, who served in a national security capacity in George W. Bush’s White House, says Jeb Bush will have to answer the ""Iraq War question"" at some point – and that he’ll have to do a better job than simply saying, ""I’ll talk about the future.... It’s not about re-litigating anything in the past"" – as he did in response to a question last week.

""He needs a better answer than that on Iraq,"" Feaver says. ""He needs to explain how he would have done things differently – and better.""

But he doesn’t expect that to be part of what Bush says in Chicago.

""The first big speech is about identifying the big questions around foreign policy today, laying out who we are and what’s our role in the world, what are the big challenges we face, and how we can do a better job over the next four years,"" he says. ""I wouldn’t expect him to spend a lot of time on how he’s different from his father or his brother.""",1
2933,Egypt says it hit ISIS targets in Libya after killings,"(CNN) Egypt's military carried out a series of airstrikes against ISIS militants in Libya on Monday in retaliation for the slaughter of 21 Egyptian Christians by the jihadist group.

The bombing raids pulled Egypt deeper into the widening international fight against ISIS and highlighted the extremists' growing presence in North Africa

The warplanes hit 10 targets used for training and storage in ISIS' Libyan stronghold of Derna, Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry told CNN.

""Avenging Egyptian blood and punishing criminals and murderers is our right and duty,"" the Egyptian military said in a statement that was broadcast on state television.

There were conflicting claims about what the bombs had struck.

""These were surgical strikes based on very accurate intelligence and related to degrading the capabilities of ISIS within the city of Derna,"" Shoukry told CNN's Erin Burnett.

But an umbrella group of Islamist militias in Derna issued a statement saying that the city ""woke up to a disaster today as Egyptian military jets targeted civilians in residential areas in the city.""

The statement reported that the bombings had killed women and children, and it warned the Egyptian government of a ""harsh and painful"" response to come.

CNN couldn't independently verify what damage and casualties the airstrikes had caused.

The footage, bearing many of the hallmarks of previous ISIS videos of the killing of hostages, has intensified international concerns about ISIS' deepening reach into countries far beyond its strongholds in Syria and Iraq.

The slickly produced video shows the apparent mass killing, with jihadists in black standing behind each of the victims, who are all dressed in orange jumpsuits with their hands cuffed behind them.

Twenty-one Egyptian Christians were kidnapped in the Libyan coastal city of Sirte in two separate incidents in December and January. They were reportedly from impoverished villages and went to Libya looking for work.

Although the ISIS video showed around a dozen men being beheaded, Egyptian officials said that all 21 Christians were believed to have been killed.

Some of the hostages cry out ""Oh God"" and ""Oh Jesus"" as they are pushed to their knees.

The five-minute video, released by ISIS' propaganda wing al-Hayat Media, includes a masked English-speaking jihadi who says, ""The sea you have hidden Sheikh Osama bin Laden's body in, we swear to Allah, we will mix it with your blood.""

The video threatens Egypt, which shares a long border with Libya, and also Europe, whose shores lie across the Mediterranean Sea.

'The right of retaliation'

Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi had warned Sunday that his country ""reserves the right of retaliation and with the methods and timing it sees fit for retribution for those murderers and criminals who are without the slightest humanity.""

He also declared a week of mourning in the Muslim majority nation for the slain Christians.

In a statement, Egypt's Foreign Ministry called for other nations battling ISIS to support Egypt's efforts and to target terrorists in Libya, as well.

The U.S. government condemned the killings, saying ISIS' ""barbarity knows no bounds."" U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry called Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry on Sunday to offer condolences, the State Department said.

Concern has increased over ISIS' rising influence in Libya amid the power and security vacuum prevalent in the country since the 2011 uprising that overthrew former dictator Moammar Gadhafi.

Jihadists with allegiance to ISIS had also expanded their presence westward along the Libyan coast, forming chapters in cities including Benghazi, Sirte and even Tripoli, the capital, according to Noman Benotman, a former Libyan jihadist now involved in counterterrorism for the Quilliam Foundation.

""There's been a real radical Islamist presence in Libya for some time,"" said Lt. Col. Rick Francona, a retired U.S. Air Force intelligence officer. ""What's worrying is now they are self-identifying with ISIS.""

Questions remain over how much direct command and control the ISIS leadership in Syria and Iraq has over its North African affiliates.

The killings of the Egyptian Christians has filled in some of the detail. Before the grisly video was released, ISIS had released photos in its English-language magazine Dabiq, claiming they had been killed.

""There's certainly communication between the Libyan affiliate and the affiliate in Syria about matters of importance to both of them,"" said CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen.

He said the ties between Libyan jihadists and ISIS' precursor, al Qaeda in Iraq, ""go back a very long time.""

""While we can come up with a military solution or a military operation in a restricted area like Syria and Iraq, what do we do when it expands to North Africa?"" Francona asked.",1
3973,Possible suicide vest found in Paris suburb,"Paris (CNN) Security forces sealed off streets in a Paris suburb Monday, and a bomb squad headed to the scene after investigators found a possible suicide vest in a garbage can.

Paris police told CNN that authorities were trying to determine whether the article found in the Paris suburb of Montrouge contained explosives. CNN affiliate BFMTV reported that the item, which resembled a suicide vest, contained bolts and TATP, the same explosive found in the suicide belts used by Paris attackers

Could there be a connection between the garbage-can find and the November 13 series of shootings and bombings that killed 130 people in Paris?

Authorities haven't said. But BFMTV and the French newspaper Le Monde reported Monday night that suspect Salah Abdeslam 's cell phone was tracked to the area soon after the attacks.

""The big question is going to be: Is this the suicide vest that Salah Abdeslam was tasked to use?"" CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank said.

And there are other questions, too, Cruickshank said. If it was a vest belonging to Abdeslam, why would it just have been discovered 10 days after the attacks? And if it wasn't, then whose is it?

""It is possible that somebody else may have jettisoned it, an attacker that we don't know much about at this point,"" Cruickshank said. ""So they'll be doing all sorts of forensics, trying to establish who this belonged to, and that will be a huge priority for French investigators.""

Abdeslam is thought to be using a support network in Belgium to avoid being captured, more than a week after an international arrest warrant was issued for his arrest in connection with the Paris terror attacks.

Sources in France close to the ongoing investigation believe Abdeslam could not have survived a week on the run without help. They say that extensive raids in Belgium on Sunday and Monday , in which 21 people were detained in several locations, targeted individuals suspected of a role in the network that organized the attacks.

Fifteen of those arrested have since been released. Authorities charged one man with participating in the activities of a terrorist group in connection with the Paris attacks.

French authorities have said the Paris attacks were organized in Belgium, with jihadists taking advantage of intelligence gaps and the absence of border controls between the two countries to slip into France undetected.

The nation's prime minister said Brussels will remain at the highest terror level until at least next Monday. And in Brussels, fears of a terror attack will keep schools and the metro closed until Wednesday at the earliest, Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel announced Monday.

""The worry is that there's another attack team out there, that they have explosives, that they have weapons,"" Cruickshank said. ""Belgian police don't have a handle on where these guys are and that's why they're shaking the tree so hard.""

According to the bulletin, a cell phone recovered from a garbage bin near the scene of the Bataclan concert hall and believed to belong to one of the terrorists contained a map of the theater.

The bulletin, which was described to CNN and confirmed by other U.S. officials, advises local law enforcement to be on the lookout for suspicious people conducting surveillance of potential targets.

Meanwhile, France launched its first airstrikes from an aircraft carrier against ISIS on Monday as President Francois Hollande began a diplomatic offensive to persuade world leaders to join a coalition fighting the terror group.

The latest wave of airstrikes come as the French President pushes to form a multi-national force to fight ISIS after the terror organization claimed responsibility for the November 13 attacks that left 130 dead in Paris.

Hollande will visit Washington to meet with U.S. President Barack Obama on Tuesday, then meet with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Wednesday and travel to Moscow to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday.

Hollande met with British Prime Minister David Cameron earlier Monday and they agreed to a pan-European effort for stronger external EU border controls, a more effective way of screening people and greater information sharing, Cameron said.

Cameron will make a case for the United Kingdom to start bombing ISIS positions in Syria on Thursday, he said Monday as he presented the country's defense spending review in Parliament.

Russia may be showing signs of warming up to a coalition with France. The Russian Defense Ministry released photos on Monday that showed the words ""For Paris"" written on Russian missiles that will target ISIS positions.",1
1378,Trump spurns a powerful player in GOP politics in falling-out with Fox,"They’ve called each other names. They’ve mocked, belittled, skewered and slimed.

And now that oddest of couples — Donald Trump and Fox News — is engaged in a tit-for-tat feud like none seen in the annals of modern American politics.

The greatest show on Earth — or at least in Iowa.

If things go as promised, Trump won’t be there Thursday when Fox hosts the final Republican debate before Monday’s Iowa presidential caucuses. He says he’s backing out because of a taunting statement from Fox, though his detractors accuse him of dodging a last showdown with his chief rival, Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.). Instead, Trump has made plans to materialize elsewhere in Iowa, hosting a benefit for wounded veterans — counterprogramming on a Trumpian scale of swagger.

His threatened absence from the debate stage is a demonstration of Trump’s perception of his own self-worth, his verifiable status as a ratings-generating gargantuan whose screen persona can translate into millions of advertising dollars. In a sense, it’s an act of subversion by a candidate who has broken all the normal rules of modern campaigns. But it’s also a manifestation of Trump’s philosophy about getting what he wants when he wants it.

“The best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you can have,” Trump wrote in his career-

defining and profile-elevating 1987 bestseller, “Trump: The Art of the Deal.” “Leverage is having something the other guy wants.”

Fox, a network that has reigned as a kingmaker in Republican politics, now seems faced with an adversary who is acting as if he’s already the king and doesn’t need it.

The sniping peaked this week when the billionaire developer appeared to taunt Fox by polling his social media followers on whether he should appear at the debate. He also stepped up his attacks on Fox anchor Megyn Kelly, whom he wanted to have removed as debate moderator.

The poll and the Kelly criticism irked Fox News chairman and chief executive Roger Ailes, according to an executive at Fox, and the network chief personally crafted a statement in response: “We learned from a secret back channel that the Ayatollah and Putin both intend to treat Donald Trump unfairly when they meet with him if he becomes president — a nefarious source tells us that Trump has his own secret plan to replace the Cabinet with his Twitter followers to see if he should even go to those meetings.”

According to the Fox executive, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss private conversations, Ailes “put together a tongue-in-cheek statement to take the heat off Megyn.”

On Wednesday, Trump — via Twitter, naturally — said Fox went too far.

“It was the childishly written & taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate, more so than lightweight reporter, @megynkelly.”

While publicly feuding with Trump, the cable news behemoth also seemed to be at cross-

purposes with itself, toggling between the competing goals of taking a hard line with the recalcitrant candidate and wooing him.

Fox executives did not respond to multiple interview requests.

Trump and Fox have been poking at each other for months. Their needling and gnashing began face-to-face at the first Republican presidential debate in August, when Kelly pressed Trump about calling women “fat pigs” and other derogatory names. Trump parried back the next morning by huffing that Kelly had “blood coming out of her wherever.” Critics said that was a reference to the anchor’s menstrual cycle, but the candidate said it was merely a reference to her demeanor.

The tangle soon devolved into long-distance warfare, a series of snippy news conferences and social media taunts, periodically interrupted by detentes. Even as Trump has pounded away at Kelly, retweeting claims that she is a “bimbo” and calling her “average in everyway,” he has frequently appeared on Fox News programs.

A defiant Trump appeared on Fox host Bill O’Reilly’s show Wednesday night, his 133rd appearance on the network since announcing his presidential run, according to a Fox tally. When O’Reilly suggested that Trump was making a mistake by skipping the debate, the GOP front-runner said, “I think you’re wrong.”

Trump’s camp denied that the candidate was afraid to debate. “He loves debating. He has participated in six debates,” said Trump spokesman Corey Lewandowski. “He welcomes the opportunity to debate.”

Fox has claimed that the Trump spokesman leveled a threat against Kelly on Saturday in a conversation with one of the network’s executives. “Lewandowski stated that Megyn had a ‘rough couple of days after that last debate’ and he ‘would hate to have her go through that again,’ ” a Fox spokeswoman said in a statement. “We can’t give in to terrorizations toward any of our employees.”

When asked about the Fox claim, Lewandowski said: “I didn’t do anything of the sort. . . . I did not threaten anyone.”

Jill Olmsted, a journalism professor and media critic at American University, said the cable channel’s “unnecessarily snarky comments” mean that “Trump has won this round with Fox — big time.”

“They took the low road and made Mr. Trump look like he is being targeted by Fox,” she said. “I am quite surprised that grown-up media spokespersons for a major media outlet didn’t know better, or at least weren’t more practiced in holding their tempers when giving public comment.”

But John Carroll, a communications professor at Boston University, said: “This may be a situation where Donald Trump was too clever by half. It may have been a gambit to get concessions, but when Fox rightly told him to take a hike, he was boxed in. To save face he had almost no choice.”

Rush Limbaugh, the influential nationally syndicated radio host, concluded that Fox is underestimating Trump.

“I heard people on Fox last night talking about this. ‘Who does he think he is? He can’t control the media,’ ” Limbaugh said on his program Wednesday. “I got news for you: He is controlling the media, and it’s his objective . . . He controls the media when he’s not on it. He controls the media when he is on it. He controls the media when he’s asleep. Nobody else has been able to do anything like this short of the Kennedys, and they’re pikers compared to the way Trump is doing this.”

For the umpteenth time in this strange Republican primary season, Trump has made the race all about one thing: Trump.",1
4035,"India is building millions of toilets, but that’s the easy part","Rameshwar Natholi received an unexpected gift from the government recently when workmen descended on his modest home in this rural village in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh and built a brand-new toilet in his front yard.

Natholi, a farmworker, said he never wanted one. Most people in his village have been relieving themselves in the open fields for years.

But as part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s “Clean India” campaign to provide new sanitary toilets to more than 60 million homes by 2019, Mukhrai has been in the midst of a toilet-building boom since April.

More than 53 percent of Indian homes — about 70 percent in the villages — lack toilets. Poor sanitation and contaminated water cause 80 percent of the diseases afflicting rural India, and diarrhea is a leading killer of children younger than 5, UNICEF says.

Modi says that this is a shame for a country that has global aspirations and that the lack of sanitary conveniences is demeaning to women.

But building toilets is the easy part. Getting people to use them is the real challenge, officials say.

“We never asked for a toilet. Now we are stuck with it,” said Natholi, 22, as he opened the squat toilet to show that it has not been used. His 62-year-old father peered in and shook his head. “Having a toilet so close to the house is not a good idea. The pit is too small; it will fill up quickly. I don’t want the bother of cleaning it up frequently. Going out to the open field is healthier. The open breeze outside is better than sitting inside this tiny room.”

Modi has made toilet-building and sanitation a rallying cry since October. He has enlisted large companies to help. In the past year, his government has built more than 5.8 million toilets — up from 4.9 million the previous year. But reports show that many of them have gone unused or that they are being used to store grain or clothes or to tether goats, thwarting Modi’s sanitation revolution.

“Even as we accelerate toilet construction now, much more needs to be done to persuade people to use them,” said Chaudhary Birender Singh, India’s minister for rural development, sanitation and drinking water. “For long, we assumed that if the toilets are built, people will automatically use it. But we have to diligently monitor the use over a period of time and reward them with cash incentives to the village councils at every stage. Only then will it become a daily habit.”

The government budget for raising awareness largely remained unspent for years. Thousands of villages were declared to have ended open defecation since 2006, but many have since returned to the practice.

Critics also say that the government’s great toilet race has turned into a vortex of corruption in which villagers and middlemen siphon money by creating fake ledger entries about toilet construction.

After years of promoting toilet use by advocating the health benefits, many regions of India began using women as toilet ambassadors. Prospective brides were urged to shun potential grooms whose villages did not have toilets. Now, the campaign has begun to promote toilets as key to women’s security.

Numerous television ads and signs on village walls ask families to forbid their daughters and daughters-in-law to defecate in the open.

But an unintended consequence of this campaign has been the perception that toilets are just for women.

“Men can go out to the open fields, but for women who wear veils all day, a toilet in the home is a good idea,” said Sarvesh Sharma, 28, speaking with her face covered in Mukhrai, in front of her half-built toilet.

In the southern state of Karnataka, a film about responsible fathers of adolescent daughters was used to get men to build toilets in their villages.

“Whether you like it or not, it’s the men who make the decisions. And sanitation is just not a priority for the men. So we had to convey a message about toilets that enhances their manliness,” said Jayamala Subramaniam, chief executive of Arghyam, a group in Bangalore that works on sanitation and water projects.

In many villages, the new toilets are being used by women and the elderly. Researchers say that families use toilets sparingly because they do not want the pits to fill up quickly.

Natholi said he wants a toilet pit so large that he can forget about emptying it for 20 years.

India’s poor toilet habits have little to do with income or limited access to water. They are influenced more by India’s centuries-old caste system, in which members of the lowest group — formerly called “untouchables” — would clear away human waste.

“The act of emptying the pit latrine is associated with the socially degrading caste system,” said Sangita Vyas, managing director at Rice, a New Delhi-based research group that studies sanitation issues. “People fear a situation when their pit fills up and there is nobody willing to clean it because of the social stigma. That fear discourages sustained use of toilets. ”

A Rice survey in 300 villages last year showed that more than 40 percent of homes with working toilets still showed evidence of open defecation. The report said that toilets built by the government, typically smaller, are least likely to be used.

But conversations about caste are not part of the government’s toilet and sanitation campaign, activists say.

“How can you speak about ­toilets for everyone without first freeing certain caste groups from the degrading work of cleaning human waste?” said Bezwada Wilson, founder of the Sanitation Workers Movement. “For any sanitation program to be successful in India, the government has to first mechanize the entire cleaning activities of the pit latrines, sewer lines and septic tanks.”

Sanitation is not just a rural problem in India. Even in big cities, only 30 percent of sewage is treated and disposed of.

“If all of us begin to use toilets in India tomorrow, India will still not be in a position to solve the public health problem,” said Madhu Krishna, senior program officer for sanitation at the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation based in Delhi.

Meanwhile in Mukhrai, Man Pal Chaudhury, the Mukhrai village chief, said the 114 new toilets will bring change, but slowly. “The goal is to free my village of open defecation. But for that, each and every person has to fall in line,” he said. “That is several years away.

For a new American ambassador, India is a kind of homecoming

India’s Narendra Modi completed one year in power. Here’s how he did.

India’s roads are among the deadliest in the world. Can new laws tame drivers?

Today’s coverage from Post correspondents around the world",1
5110,Donald Trump doesn’t want to make America great. He wants to make it afraid.,"Donald Trump is not a candidate the American people would turn to in normal times. He’s too inexperienced, too eccentric, too volatile, too risky. Voting Trump is burning down the house to collect the insurance money — you don’t do it unless things are really, really bad.

Here is Trump’s problem: Things are not really, really bad. In fact, things are doing much better than when President Obama came into office.

Unemployment is 4.9 percent nationally — a number Trump knows is far from a crisis, because it’s lower than the unemployment rate Mike Pence is presiding over in Indiana, and Trump keeps bragging about his running mate’s economic record. The deficit has gone down in recent years, and the stock market has gone up. The end of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars mean fewer Americans are dying abroad. A plurality approve of the job Obama is doing.

So Trump needs to convince voters that things are bad, even if they’re not. He needs to make Americans afraid again. And tonight, he tried.

""Our convention occurs at a moment of crisis for our nation,"" Trump said. ""The attacks on our police, and the terrorism in our cities, threaten our very way of life. Any politician who does not grasp this danger is not fit to lead our country.""

As Jon Favreau, a former speechwriter for Obama, wrote on Twitter, this was Trump’s ""Nightmare in America"" speech. The address had one goal, and one goal only: to persuade Americans that their country is a dangerous, besieged hellscape, and only Donald Trump can fix it.

And so Trump spoke of the ""illegal immigrants with criminal records"" who are ""tonight roaming free to threaten peaceful citizens."" He warned of the gangs, violence, and drugs ""pouring into our communities."" He invoked ""the mothers and fathers who have lost their children to violence spilling across our border.""

Perhaps the night’s ugliest moment came when he spoke of Sarah Root, a college student killed by a drunk driver who was also an unauthorized immigrant. ""I’ve met Sarah’s beautiful family,"" Trump said. ""But to this administration, their amazing daughter was just one more American life that wasn’t worth protecting. One more child to sacrifice on the altar of open borders.""

For the record, almost 10,000 people were killed in America by drunk drivers in 2010 — the overwhelming majority of them by American citizens. Trump had neither answers for nor interest in their deaths.

And it is when you tug on these threads that Trump’s speech unspools and its grossness, and uselessness, becomes clear.

There are many ways in which Americans are actually not safe. More than 600,000 Americans died of heart disease in 2015, many of them unnecessarily. More than 130,000 Americans died in accidents. More than 40,000 died by suicide. There were a record number of drug overdoses in 2014, and gun deaths in America are far beyond those in any developed country.

These tragedies can be ameliorated by policy. Cigarettes can be taxed, alcohol regulated, addicts treated, guns made less accessible. But Trump wasn’t interested in making Americans safer, and so he did not mention any of these policies. He was interested in making Americans more afraid, and so he focused on the dangers that scare us, as opposed to the ones that truly threaten us.

""The first task for our new administration will be to liberate our citizens from the crime and terrorism and lawlessness that threatens their communities,"" he said.

""Liberate."" The America Trump speaks of requires an occupying force sent by a strongman to free and stabilize cities that have fallen into anarchy. But our cities have not fallen into anarchy. Our borders are not swarming with illegal immigrants. Murder rates remain far below what the America of the '70s, '80s, and '90s experienced. Terrorism is a horror, but successful terrorist attacks are a rarity, and one that would be most straightforwardly addressed through gun control. No liberation is necessary.

""In this race for the White House,"" Trump said, ""I am the law and order candidate."" And the law and order candidate can only win if there is a crisis of lawlessness and disorder. But there isn’t. Trump isn’t worried about your safety. He is worried about his own electoral prospects.

And this is what made Trump’s speech so truly ugly. It is one thing to whip up fear of the Other when the Other is a threat. But it is fully another to try to scare the shit out of Americans because you’re afraid they won’t vote for you unless they’re terrified. It is demagogic to warn, on national television, of foreign criminals ""roaming"" our streets simply because you’re behind in the polls. It’s telling that Trump fears only the threats that can be blamed on outsiders while ignoring the more lethal, more pervasive killers that afflict the citizenry.

Trump’s speech was a procession of horrors for which he did not even bother to propose real solutions. He has no actual fix to immigration, no theories on how to reduce crime. Here, his statement bordered on self-parody. ""I have a message for all of you: The crime and violence that today afflicts our nation will soon come to an end,"" he said. ""Beginning on January 20, 2017, safety will be restored.""

But then, perhaps there’s truth to his absurd promises: When the crisis is invented, the solution is simpler. Once Trump no longer needs the nation to be afraid, he will stop scaring it. It is his nightmare, and only he can wake us from it.",1
1844,Clinton clearing primary field for potential 2016 run could leave her vulnerable,"Hillary Clinton appears to have scared away much of the competition should she seek the Democratic nomination for president in 2016. But her early and practically all-encompassing effort also presents the potential liability that she will sail through the primary season largely untested for the bare-knuckled general election.

And it could deny Democrats the chance to define themselves to Americans, strategists say.

“It's not good for a party because the Democratic Party needs a real debate about what it's for, who it's for, what it's about and where we'll take the country,” says Dennis Kucinich, a former Democratic congressman, presidential candidate and a Fox News contributor.

The 67-year-old Clinton plans to make an official announcement in early 2015, leaving some doubt about whether she will indeed run. But her frontrunner status is unquestionable.

She has roughly 62 percent of the likely vote and leads all potential Democratic challengers by a numbing 49.5 percentage points.

And those numbers combined with an ambitious public-speaking schedule and the fundraising and cheerleading group Ready for Hillary are making it difficult for potential primary challengers to raise money.

In addition, Clinton’s most formidable, likely primary challenger now, Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, insists she’s not running, leaving the Democratic field so wide open that 73-year-old Bernie Sanders, an independent and junior senator from Vermont, is now fourth behind Clinton, Warren and Vice President Biden, according an averaging of polls by RealClearPolitics.com

“I think you miss the chance to vet ideals,” says Richard Fowler, a Democrat and host of the progressive-leaning “Richard Fowler Talk Show.” “I think that's what elections are about. Elections are about ideals and how ideals … would then turn into policy that will then turn into how we govern.”

Clinton, a former first lady, secretary of State and New York senator, hasn’t been in a campaign-style debate since 2008, when she lost the Democratic presidential primary to President Obama, then a freshman Illinois senator.

Still, a relatively easy 2016 primary, if Clinton indeed runs, would likely save her from the pummeling she took last time.

“You’re likeable enough, Hillary,” Obama said on stage to Clinton, who was the early Democratic frontrunner in that race, too.

Among the tough questions she will likely face, and needs to answer well, include what she knew about security at the U.S. outpost in Benghazi, Libya, in which four Americans were killed in a 2012 terror attack.

Clinton, who is worthy millions of dollars, also will likely have to make a strong case that she will champion the country’s poor and working class, after saying on her 2014 book tour: “We came out of the White House not only dead broke, but in debt.”

“Hillary Clinton, I think, has proven that when you're off the trail for a while, you come back rusty,” said Larry Sabato, director of the University of Virginia’s Center for Politics. “She certainly came back rusty on that book tour.”",1
1144,The power of Trump’s call to free America from political correctness (+video),"Donald Trump voters praise him for 'telling it like it is.' But the appeal of his plain-speaking runs much deeper.

How SNL's 'the bubble' sketch about polarization is all too true

Ron Herndon needs more than 10 fingers to count the ways Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump rubs him the wrong way, not least the billionaire’s quest for personal aggrandizement via the White House.

So why is the small-town barbecue shack owner, a registered Democrat, likely voting for Mr. Trump if he wins the GOP nomination?

“America is at the point where she needs someone who speaks the truth, to say what we all think but won’t say around strangers,” says Mr. Herndon. “Sometimes the truth makes you smile – and sometimes it hurts.”

Herndon’s view is that America needs a straight-talking president to tackle real-life problems long ignored by Washington. It has become a common refrain.

The views of this African-American pit master suggest that many Americans are curious about Trump not just because he brazenly breaks the rules of political rhetoric but also because the key to tackling America’s problems, they say, requires people to stop taking offense at the drop of a hat.

In that way, Trump is the symbol of a broader cultural tension. As many Millennials, in particular, become more militant in their desire to make public discourse inclusive, they are coming up against those tired of “wars against Christmas” or tentative talk about Islamic extremism.

For Millennials, who have grown up in the language of political correctness, speech is a weapon, and curtailing words that can be seen as offensive or hateful is a new civil-rights frontier. But Trump’s unfiltered speech encapsulates a potent backlash, with many conservative Americans trying to draw the line on how cautious and careful public conversation becomes.

“The big difference with Trump is, his language is not coded,” says Henry Giroux, a political scientist at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, and author of the upcoming book “America At War With Itself,” which largely focuses on the rise of Trump.

Trump’s words “tap into is a nation that really has been suffering, particularly since 9/11, from a kind of national insecurity state, mobilized by a massive sense of fear,” he adds. But Millennials see in such language a “darkness lurking beneath the surface.”

On Super Tuesday, Trump continued his trend of underperforming among voters age 18 to 29. But he did well among New England suburbanites, Southern Evangelicals, small businessmen, and blue-collar workers, among others.

At least partly behind Trump’s success is the perception that political correctness has morphed into “soft totalitarianism,” wrote James Kalb wrote in Chronicles Magazine late last year.

“The domination of public life by PC elites has … made it impossible for ordinary people to assert their complaints publicly in an acceptable way, so their objections can easily be shrugged off as the outbursts of ignorant bigots who will, in any event, soon become demographically irrelevant.”

Antipathy toward political correctness spans a wide spectrum of Americans, many whom use the phrase as a pejorative.

Seventy-one percent of Americans say political correctness is a problem in the United States, up 10 percentage points from 2014, according to an August 2015 report by Rasmussen Reports.

At the Pawn Depot, situated on a lonely stretch of US 278 in Lithonia, Ga., that concern is front-of-mind.

Elizabeth Langbecker, the owner, is a Trump fan because he “refuses to tip-toe” around immigration, the economy, and terrorism.

“We need someone who is not afraid to step up to the plate and say what a lot of us want to say,” she adds.

She weighs the Obama administration's efforts to downplay the phrase ""Islamic extremism” against the San Bernardino, Calif., shootings last year, where a Muslim couple killed 14 people and injured 22 others. “How can we deal with all these problems if we can’t even have an honest conversation about the root cause,” she says.

In the 2016 race, political correctness has played out in a number of ways. On one hand, Hillary Clinton apologized for using the term “illegal immigrant” as opposed to “undocumented migrant.” But there have been examples on the right, too. Republican orthodoxy has long held that candidates should not criticize past Republican presidents.

Trump has torn that to shreds.

“Yes, it’s true that on college campuses there’s a lot of silliness about not wanting to offend someone,” says Alan Abramowitz, a political scientist at Emory University in Atlanta. “But it’s also on the conservative side – which Trump has also been violating – where you couldn’t say the Iraq War was a mistake or … that Romney was going to lose” the 2012 election.

Now those things are being said loudly. One difference is a sense of desperation in many rural, red-state areas.

“Populism needs to be a loud message, and political incorrectness is high volume,” says Dave “Mudcat” Saunders of Roanoke, Va. The backdrop “is not just anger, but survival – we’re in survival mode out here where 93 percent of counties are still in recession. A hungry dog will bite your [rear], I can tell you that.”

That desperation has matched the militancy of Millennials looking to reshape the national conversation with the militancy of conservatives pushing back against it. The answer, says The Atlantic’s Conor Friedersdorf, is to prune political correctness back to its original essence.

“Citizens who oppose Trumpism are going to have to take a careful look at everything that falls under the rubric of political correctness; study the real harm done by its excesses; identify the many parts that are worth defending; and persuade more Americans to adopt those norms voluntarily, for substantive reasons, not under duress of social shaming or other coercion,” he writes.

Working on the set of the vampire series “The Originals” in downtown Conyers, Ga., last week, 20-something Michael Sanders says, to him, political correctness is a “force from on high” – the media, government, and academia – that has pervaded his life.

“Me and everyone I grew up with have always used the language of political correctness,” he says. “When we talk about phrases like ‘illegal immigrant,’ my dad says, ‘That’s just the way people used to talk.’ ”

On one hand, it enforces common courtesy. But there is an appeal, he adds, to someone who comes out and baldly talks from the standpoint of the worldview that used to be dominant.

“I think many Americans like to hear the language of someone not only willing to complain about the end of white dominant culture, but someone who says he can do something about it. That’s when [political correctness] goes out the window.”",1
4389,Why Hillary Clinton's gun control proposal is all wrong,"Americans desperately want something done about mass public shootings. Hillary Clinton took a page from President Obama’s playbook Monday, vowing that as president she will bypass Congress and use executive action to change how guns can be purchased.

She is angry that Republicans ""refuse to do anything"" about mass shootings.

But that isn’t accurate. Clinton isn’t the only one to speak out boldly on this topic. On Saturday, Donald Trump said: “And by the way, it was a gun-free zone. ... I’ll tell you, if you had a couple of the teachers or someone with guns in that room, you would have been a hell of a lot better off.” Others such as Sen. Marco Rubio have made a similar point.”

The Republican push has at least the virtue of potentially stopping these crimes. The Umpqua Community College in Oregon shooting shows yet another case where guns were banned. With these killers explicitly picking places where victims are defenseless, at some point it should be impossible to ignore.

Clinton’s proposals wouldn’t have stopped these attacks. The “universal” background checks on private transfers may raise the cost of law-abiding citizens getting guns.

They wouldn’t have stopped any of the mass public shootings during Barack Obama’s presidency, including last Thursday’s in Oregon. At some point an enterprising reporter might ask Obama or Clinton to name just one of the cases they have used to push this law where the law would have stopped the attack.

Clinton is proposing three other measures:

1. Prohibiting domestic abusers and stalkers from buying and possessing guns. This sounds reasonable, but the change from existing law would allow people to have their guns taken from them without a court hearing. If people are committing crimes, they should be prosecuted for felonies or misdemeanors, but Clinton’s solution is to take away their guns even when they aren’t being prosecuted.

2. Closing the “Charleston Loophole,” where the federal background check worker didn’t contact the right law enforcement agencies. But the truth is more complicated. First, even a perfectly functioning background check system very likely wouldn’t have stopped the suspect, Dylann Roof, from getting a gun. Second, the current background check system is a much worse mess than Clinton recognizes.

Roof allegedly planned his attack for at least six months, so it’s hard to believe he couldn’t have figured out some way to obtain a gun. Indeed, he stole the gun he used in this attack.

The truth is, the databases the government uses to determine eligibility for gun purchases are rife with errors.

FBI Director James Comey’s comments in July about the FBI’s background check system focus on one type of error, where someone who should have been prohibited from getting a gun wasn’t stopped. But a much more common error involves people who should be able to buy guns but are stopped.

3. Repeal the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act, which prevents the manufacturers and dealers of firearms from being held liable for crimes committed with their weapons. It might be hard to remember, but gun makers were being sued because they ""specifically geared"" their weapons to make them attractive to gang members. Among the offending characteristics listed are low price, easy concealability, corrosion resistance and high firepower. Suing an industry for making affordable products shows how far the liability-litigation madness has gone.

The lawsuits were simply an attempt to raise the costs of doing business and to bankrupt the companies. Hillary may claim she cares about the poor, but poor people in the highest-crime areas benefit the most from gun ownership, and they are the people who would be priced out of owning guns for protection.

Vowing to do something concrete about mass public shootings on the campaign trail may be popular. But Clinton’s proposed gun-control solutions refuse to address the obvious problem of gun-free zones and will make ultimately make Americans less safe.

John R. Lott, Jr. is a columnist for FoxNews.com. He is an economist and was formerly chief economist at the United States Sentencing Commission. Lott is also a leading expert on guns and op-eds on that issue are done in conjunction with the Crime Prevention Research Center. He is the author of nine books including ""More Guns, Less Crime."" His latest book is ""The War on Guns: Arming Yourself Against Gun Control Lies (August 1, 2016). Follow him on Twitter@johnrlottjr.",1
2594,Netanyahu enters never-never land,"Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s speech to Congress was eloquent, moving and intelligent in identifying the problems with the potential nuclear deal with Iran. But when describing the alternative to it, Netanyahu entered never-never land, painting a scenario utterly divorced from reality. Congress joined him on his fantasy ride, rapturously applauding as he spun out one unattainable demand after another.

Netanyahu declared that Washington should reject the current deal, demand that Tehran dismantle almost its entire nuclear program and commit never to restart it. In the world according to Bibi, the Chinese, Russians and Europeans will cheer, tighten sanctions, and increase pressure — which would then lead Iran to capitulate. “Dreams do come true, if only we wish hard enough,” said Peter Pan.

We have some history that can inform us on the more likely course. Between 2003 and 2005, under another practical president, Mohammad Khatami, Iran negotiated with three European Union powers a possible deal to place its nuclear program under constraints and inspections. The chief nuclear negotiator at the time was Hassan Rouhani, now Iran’s president.

Iran proposed to cap its centrifuges at very low levels, keep enrichment levels well below those that could be used for weapons and convert its existing enriched uranium into fuel rods (which could not be put to military use). Peter Jenkins, the British representative to the International Atomic Energy Agency, told the Inter Press Service , “All of us were impressed by the proposal.” But the talks collapsed because the Bush administration, acting through the British government, vetoed it. It was certain, Jenkins explained, that if the West could “scare” the Iranians, “they would give in.”

What was the result? Did Iran return to the table and capitulate? No, the country withstood the sanctions and, unimpeded by any inspections, massively expanded its nuclear infrastructure. Iran went from 164 centrifuges to 19,000, accumulated more than 17,000 pounds of enriched uranium gas and ramped up construction of a heavy water reactor at Arak that could be used to produce weapons-grade plutonium.

Harvard University’s Graham Allison, one of the United States’ foremost experts on nuclear issues, pointed out that “by insisting on maximalist demands and rejecting potential agreements, the first of which would have limited Iran to 164 centrifuges, we have seen Iran advance from 10 years away from producing a bomb to only months.”

If the deal now being negotiated fails, the most likely scenario is a repetition of the past. Iran will expand its nuclear program. If the other major powers believed that Iran’s offer was serious but U.S. and Israeli intransigence torpedoed it, they would be reluctant to enforce sanctions — and all sanctions start to leak over time anyway. Netanyahu worries that with this deal, 10 years from now Iran might restart some elements of its programs. But without the deal, in 10 years Iran would likely have 50,000 centrifuges, a massive stockpile of highly enriched uranium, new facilities, thousands of experienced nuclear scientists and technicians, and a fully functioning heavy water reactor that can produce plutonium. At that point, what would Bibi do?

The theory that Iran would buckle under continued pressure ignores certain basic facts. Iran is a proud, nationalistic country. It has survived 36 years of Western sanctions through low oil prices and high oil prices. It endured an eight-year war with Iraq in which it lost an estimated half a million fighters. The nuclear program is popular, even with leaders of the pro-democratic Green Movement.

As Allison points out, Iran already has the capacity to build a nuclear weapons program and got it in 2008 when it mastered the ability to produce centrifuges and enrich uranium. And yet, Iran has not done it. For almost 25 years now, Netanyahu has argued that Iran is on the verge of producing a nuclear weapon. In 1996 — 19 years ago — he addressed the Congress and made pretty much the same argument he made this week. Over the last 10 years he has argued repeatedly that Iran is one year away from a bomb.

So why have Bibi’s predictions been wrong for 25 years? A small part of it has been Western and Israeli sabotage that impeded Iran’s progress. But even the most exaggerated claims by intelligence agencies would not account for a delay of more than a few years. The larger part is probably that Iran has always recognized that were it to build a bomb, it would face huge international consequences. In other words, the mullahs have calculated — correctly — that the benefits of breakout are not worth the costs. The key to any agreement with Iran is to keep the costs of breakout high and the benefits low. This is the most realistic path to keeping Iran from becoming a nuclear weapons state — not Peter Pan dreams.

Read more from Fareed Zakaria’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
1678,Republican debate: Six things to watch,"Boulder, Colorado (CNN) The Republican presidential campaign is entering a decidedly more combative phase as candidates prepare to take the debate stage on Wednesday night.

The GOP field is seeing a shake-up after remaining static for weeks. Long-time front-runner Donald Trump no longer appears invincible, thanks to the climb of Ben Carson. Jeb Bush has hit hard times, but promises to show a more muscular side. Carly Fiorina failed to turn her strong debate performances into winning poll numbers. And since the last debate in mid-September, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker has left the race.

Here are six things to watch in the CNBC debate:

From his perch at the top of the Republican field, Trump had largely declined to go after Ben Carson, training his fire instead on other more seasoned politicians like Bush, Marco Rubio and Rand Paul. Referring to Carson as a ""good"" person who he admires personally, Trump has even fueled speculation the retired neurosurgeon could be on his vice presidential short list.

But those days of playing nice are over.

An abrupt shift in tone came after a series of consecutive polls showed Carson had overtaken Trump in Iowa, relegating the businessman to second place. Then, on Tuesday, Trump even lost his first place spot in a national poll, trailing Carson 26% to 22%, according to Tuesday's CBS/New York Times poll.

If the last week offers any indication, Trump is expected to throw multiple punches at Carson on the debate stage. The attacks could get personal. The real estate mogul appeared to suggest over the weekend that Carson's religious affiliation — he's a Seventh-day Adventist — was extreme.

But it will take a whole lot more to get Carson firing back. Known for his reserved and calm demeanor, the candidate has repeatedly said he has no interest in becoming an attack dog.

""Ben has said he's going to stay who he is and he wouldn't want to get elected being somebody else,"" said Ryan Rhodes, Carson's Iowa state director. ""He does not need to tear someone else down to build himself up.""

When Bush steps onto the stage Wednesday night, there will be visual confirmation of his recent struggles. Rather than take the podium immediately next to Trump, Bush will be two spots removed from the GOP front-runner for the first time.

The former Florida governor's national poll numbers seem permanently stuck in the single digits behind political novices like Trump and Carson. Last week, the campaign announced new cost-cutting measures, followed by a weekend Bush family confab in Houston.

""He needs to have a performance that stands out from the crowd. He won't be center stage this time so he need to, in words and actions, figure out how not to fade into the wings,"" said Katie Packer, deputy campaign manager for Mitt Romney's 2012 campaign. (Packer is neutral in the race but is a founding partner of WWP Strategies, which works for Rubio in Michigan.)

Bush's advisers are suggesting Bush may try to do just that on Wednesday, by showing off his more fiery and loose side. The campaign is ""tearing up the script"" and preparing to simply ""let Jeb be Jeb,"" sources told CNN's Jamie Gangel.

There's no question that Carly Fiorina is the star of the Republican debate team.

What's less clear is whether she can translate the momentum from her prime-time performances into a lasting boost for her candidacy.

The former Hewlett-Packard CEO used a breakout performance in the last CNN GOP debate to propel herself from a little-known, first-time presidential candidate to a top-tier contender. But that surge in the national polls has all but vanished; she fell from 15% in September to 4% in last week's CNN/ORC survey.

Her campaign has pushed back on any suggestion that Fiorina may be going from one breakout moment to the next, and instead emphasized that she's focused on winning over voters at a slow and steady pace.

""I'm glad people liked her debate performance and liked her message, but one debate does not win the thing,"" deputy campaign manager Sarah Isgur Flores said.

Debt ceiling: To raise or not to raise

In a debate that's promising to focus on jobs and the economy, one issue could divide the Republican candidates on the stage Wednesday: the debt limit.

Raising the debt ceiling is a Congress-approved maneuver that essentially allows the U.S. government to carry more debt in order to allow the Treasury Department to continue paying its bills. The issue has become highly divisive among Republicans in recent years: Fiscal conservatives argue they would rather let the country default on its financial obligations than increase national spending.

This week, congressional leaders and the White House reached a two-year budget deal that would raise it through early 2017.

""Raising the debt ceiling is politically explosive on the right. Some candidates pander and say they never will raise it,"" said Douglas Holtz-Eakin, president of the American Action Forum and economic adviser to John McCain in 2008. ""Others will invoke something like the Boehner rule and argue that spending cuts will make it worth it. But the real test is who will say 'yes, we have to raise it'.""

Of the 10 Republicans participating in the prime-time debate, these four rank at the bottom: Mike Huckabee, Chris Christie, John Kasich and Rand Paul. And they've been there most of the race.

According to CNBC's average of recent national surveys, each of those Republicans poll around 3%. With the Iowa caucuses now just three months away, these candidates are under pressure not only to boost their rankings, but also to persuade donors to keep funding their bottom-tier campaigns.

Christie's campaign raised just over $4 million in the third quarter while Kasich raised around $4.4 million since launching his campaign. That's not much more than the $3.9 million Trump's campaign raised without actually trying. Meanwhile, Rand Paul raised $2.5 million last quarter, while Mike Huckabee pulled in $1.2 million.

Will there be much of a debate?

Every candidate faces a shared challenge Wednesday night: persuading viewers not to change the channel.

After coming under fire from candidates like Trump and Carson, CNBC agreed to keep Wednesday's prime time debate to just two hours, commercials included. The network also agreed to allow opening and closing statements for each candidate, which means even less time for the White House hopefuls to tackle questions, go after rivals and make a splash.

The first two GOP debates were record-setting blockbusters, pulling in an unprecedented 24 million and 23 million viewers each.

Not only are those numbers becoming increasingly hard to beat as the novelty of the debates wears off, but the debate also happens to collide with Game 2 of the World Series between the New York Mets and the Kansas City Royals.",1
3857,The White House Easter Egg Roll exists because Congress banned fun,"Today the White House will hold the annual Easter egg roll. Kids will roll their eggs along the lawn, hunt for eggs, and enjoy other fun activities. It's a benign, heartwarming event.

So where did this lovable tradition come from? It all started when Congress made kids get off its lawn.

The Easter egg roll goes back a long time — some say Dolley Madison began the tradition, though that's probably just legend. There are reports of various egg rolls occurring throughout the mid-1800s, but by the 1870s, there weren't a lot of places for kids to have fun in Washington, DC. The city was very much under construction — the Washington Monument had been left half-finished for 23 years — and contained a lot of dirt and mud.

That led a lot of kids to play near Capitol Hill. The only problem? Their presence uprooted some of the tender grass that was just starting to grow near the Capitol Building. The annual Easter egg rolls they held there upset the national landscaping.

So on April 21, 1876, Congress passed the Turf Protection Law, which banned Easter egg rolls on Capitol Hill. In 1877, bad weather kept the Easter egg roll from happening, and 1878 didn't look much better. In the days leading up to Easter, the Washington Post warned kids not to roll their eggs on the Capitol's lawn or they'd encounter the large Capitol police force:

Things looked bleak for the Easter tradition until the president stepped in.

At some point in April 1878, a child from the neighborhood saw President Hayes on a stroll. He asked Hayes when he'd allow kids to roll eggs on his new White House lawn. Hayes looked into it and told the guards that if any kids showed up to roll eggs on the White House lawn, it was fine.

It's tempting to interpret the egg roll as a political battle. After all, the leader behind the Turf Protection Law, William Holman, was a Democrat, and that party regularly called Hayes ""Rutherfraud"" because of his disputed election in 1876. So perhaps Hayes was just trying to show up Democrats?

More likely, it was that the president wanted kids to have fun. Nancy Kleinhenz is the communications manager at the Rutherford B. Hayes Presidential Center, where they've been re-creating the egg roll for years. She says it wasn't politics but fatherly instincts that inspired Hayes to save the day. After all, Hayes had two children who were still young: Scott and Fanny, who were 10 and seven. ""Politics wasn't a factor,"" Kleinhenz says. ""He was a dad."" Since then, the Easter Egg Roll has become a tradition at the White House, with only brief pauses during wartime.

The Easter egg roll probably isn't a story about partisan battles. But in Washington, everything becomes political when federal resources are involved — and that includes which lawn gets trampled by children playing with eggs.",1
1575,Donald Trump’s dangerously circular logic,"There was a remarkable -- and telling -- exchange Sunday morning between NBC's Chuck Todd and Donald Trump over the Republican presidential frontrunner's much-debunked claims about ""thousands"" of Muslims in New Jersey celebrating in the immediate aftermath of the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.

Here it is -- in close to its entirety:

TRUMP: Chuck, I saw it on television.  So did many other people.  And many--                                                                              DONALD TRUMP: --many people.  I said hundreds. In the area.  I-- CHUCK TODD: --you saw during Jersey City?  Okay. DONALD TRUMP: --heard Patterson.  Excuse me.  I've heard Jersey City.  I've heard Patterson.  It was 14 years ago.  But I saw it on television.  I saw clips.  And so did many other people.  And many people saw it in person.  I've had hundreds of phone calls to the Trump Organization saying, ""We saw it.  It was dancing in the streets.""  Now, he tried to pull back, but the Washington Post reported tailgate parties and reports of tailgate parties. Tailgate parties means, like, for a football game where you have hundreds and hundreds, and maybe even thousands, of people having tailgate parties.  I saw it at the time.  I stick by it.  Hundreds of people have confirmed it.  You look at @realdonaldtrump, where I have millions and millions of people on there, between Facebook and Twitter.  I have 10 million people between the two of them.  You look at that.  And I'm getting unbelievable response of people that said they saw it.  Now-- DONALD TRUMP: --you know, just go a step further.  All over at the world at the time it was reported that Muslims were celebrating the downing.  All over the world, forget about New Jersey for a second.  All over the world, it was reported that Muslims were celebrating the fall of the World Trade Center. Two days ago, three days ago, there was a soccer game and there was a minute of silence in honor of the people that were slain, horribly, viciously slain in Paris, France.  And a huge amount of people, a tremendous number of people started screaming out Muslim phrases.  And all of the players on the field didn't know exactly what to do.  That was well reported.  I suppose nobody saw that either.  I'm sure you reported it and you saw it.          DONALD TRUMP: So, there is a problem here, Chuck, of hatred that is unbelievable. CHUCK TODD: But Mr. Trump, this didn't happen in New Jersey.  There were plenty of reports.  And you're feeding that stereotype. DONALD TRUMP: Chuck, it did happen in New Jersey.  I have hundreds of people that agree with me. CHUCK TODD: But they want to agree with you--

It goes on (and on) but you get the idea.

Trump's argument boils down to this: I don't care what published fact-checks say. I have heard from people on Twitter who tell me they saw the same thing I did.

Trump uses the social media response he gets to the outrageous claims he makes as justification that those claims are correct. That is, of course, ridiculous. As Chuck rightly notes, many of the people who follow Trump simply want to see the world as he sees it and function and yes-men for him.

And, even if they aren't simply looking to agree with Trump, the idea that anecdotal evidence offered by un-vetted sources via Twitter can or should be used to directly rebut stories written by reporters who went to these alleged ""parties"" after Sept. 11 and found little or nothing makes no sense. (Yes, I am well aware of the story that Serge Kovaleski wrote in the Post following 9/11; go read our Fact-Checker on the story and get the, um, facts about it.)

Trump is far from the first presidential candidate to use anecdotal evidence as fact. During the 2012 campaign, then Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann repeatedly told the story of a woman who approached her on the campaign trail and insisted that the HPV vaccine caused mental retardation in her daughter. Bachmann used the story as evidence that the HPV vaccine was, in fact, broadly dangerous despite scads of scientific evidence that it wasn't.

Trump appears to not grasp the difference between being a wealthy businessman and a leading contender to be the Republican nominee for president. In the former role, popping off based on limited information or wrong information or a story someone told you that they heard from their uncle has a limited impact.  In the latter role, popping off is far more dangerous. ""You're running for president of the United States,"" Chuck, who gets the difference, told Trump on Sunday. ""Your words matter.  Truthfulness matters.""

Donald Trump has created a perfect circle of illogical logic. Facts are fungible.  The tweet from someone he has never met (and never will meet) about something he/she allegedly ""saw"" on 9/11 carries the same weight as actual information gathered by reporters hewing to journalistic standards.

I don't have to tell you that down that path lies real danger.

Update 7:27 a.m. Monday: Also appearing on TV on Sunday, Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson addressed her boss's many inflated claims and his apparent mocking of a New York Times reporter's physical disability, which Trump has denied doing.

""Here's the thing, if you don't like Mr. Trump, then, yes, you're going to side with that part of the story,"" Pierson told CNN.

Pierson also argued that denying thousands of Muslims celebrated on 9/11 is essentially tantamount to denying there are radical Muslims in the United States.",1
2970,White House says Obama will ask Congress to authorize military force against ISIS,"President Obama is expected to formally ask Congress to authorize the use of military force against the Islamic State terror group in the coming days, even as lawmakers said crafting and passing such a measure would be a challenge.

The U.S. has been carrying out airstrikes against the terrorists, most commonly known as ISIS, in Iraq and Syria since August and September, respectively. In doing so, Obama has been relying on congressional authorizations that President George W. Bush used to justify military action after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001. Critics have called the White House's use of post-9/11 congressional authorizations a legal stretch, though Obama has previously argued that a new authorization isn't legally necessary.

White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Thursday that the administration is dedicated to getting a new authorization with bipartisian support. He declined to comment on specific provisions, including how long the authorization will last, what geographical areas it will cover and whether it will allow for the possibility of ground troops. Earnest said those details were still being worked out.

""When it comes to fighting a war, the Congress should not tie the president's hands, House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, told reporters Thursday morning. However, Boehner later added, ""It's also incumbent on the president to make the case to the American people on why we need to fight this fight. This is not going to be an easy lift.""

House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., said talks with the administration are focusing on an authorization time frame of three years, while the other issues are still being worked out. Pelosi added that she ultimately expects a compromise on the outstanding issues to be reached and added that she hopes Congress will repeal the 2002 congressional authorization for the war in Iraq while retaining the 2001 authorization for military action in Afghanistan.

""I'm not saying anybody's come to an agreement on it,"" Pelosi said. ""I think it's going to be a challenge, but we will have it.""

The developments come after Islamic militants released a grisly video of the murder of a Jordanian Air Force pilot by burning him alive. Pelosi also said that the U.S. should ""move quickly"" to steer military aid to Jordan, which has begun a stepped-up campaign against the militants, including a series of air strikes in Syria.

Republicans generally want a broader authorization of military action against the militants, who have overrun wide swaths of Iraq and Syria, than Democrats have been willing to consider. Obama has said he does not intend to have U.S. ""boots on the ground"" in combat roles, while many Republicans believe that option ought to be available to the military.

Secretary of State John Kerry has testified that any new authorization should not limit U.S. military action to just Iraq and Syria or prevent the president from deploying ground troops if he later deems them necessary. Kerry also said that if the new authorization has a time limit, there should be a provision for it to be renewed.

Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., the ranking member of the House intelligence panel, has already introduced legislation rather than wait for Obama's version. His bill would authorize the use of force against ISIS in Iraq and Syria for three years, but prohibit the use of ground forces in a combat mission in either nation. He has said if the president later decided to deploy ground troops, he could return to Congress to ask for new authority.

""It is my hope that the administration will be willing to accept important limits in a new authorization as well as the sunset or repeal of the old [authorizations], as this will be necessary to ensure strong bipartisan support and meet the goals the president set last summer of refining and repealing the prior authorizations,"" Schiff said in a statement Thursday, using the acronym for authorization for use of military force.

Fox News' Chad Pergram, Nicholas Kalman, and the Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
195,Homeland Security deal: Will Boehner follow McConnell's lead? (+video),"The Senate voted Wednesday to clear the path to fund DHS, after Republicans agreed to withdraw immigration restrictions from the bill. But it will be tougher to get it through the House, where member districts are more homogeneous.

No question, Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell (R) of Kentucky blinked when it came to funding the Department of Homeland Security.

With the clock ticking toward a DHS shutdown Friday night and Democrats repeatedly blocking debate on a funding bill because it contained immigration “poison pills,” the Senate leader gave Democrats what they wanted on Wednesday: a “clean” funding bill, minus the toxic measure to block President Obama’s executive immigration action on immigration in November. That will be taken up separately.

Will House Speaker John Boehner (R) of Ohio also blink, and bring the clean bill – expected to pass the Senate with a strong bipartisan vote – to the floor? Such a move would put him at odds with many in his caucus, and possibly prompt a challenge to his leadership.

As weeks of struggle over DHS funding have shown, Republican control of both chambers doesn’t necessarily mean smooth sailing for the GOP. Even when the two leaders agree on policy – as they do in this case – they work under very different conditions, with each chamber having its own political climate and ways of doing things.

Majority leader McConnell for instance, faces the unique challenge of the filibuster – the Senate blocking device that requires 60 votes to overcome. With Republicans holding 54 seats, he needs at least six Democrats to pass any controversial legislation, an incentive for at least a minimally bipartisan approach.

He also has 24 senators up for reelection in 2016 – several of them from blue states. That encourages political flexibility. Most GOP House seats, on the other hand, are secure in gerrymandered districts and red states. That promotes rigidity.

“McConnell has his own challenge. Having won a majority, and a bigger one than he expected, he still has a challenge in holding it. And holding it means showing he can govern and providing some protection for senators who are up in Ohio, in Pennsylvania, in New Hampshire,” says Norman Ornstein, a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute in Washington.

House Republicans, on the other hand, “dominate” in states such as Mississippi, Alabama, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and Texas, Mr. Ornstein points out. “These individual House districts are themselves homogeneous echo chambers.”

You can hear the difference when talking with Republicans from these two worlds. Republican Sen. Mark Kirk is up for reelection in Illinois, which Obama easily won in 2012 and 2008. He was an early supporter of a “clean” bill to fully fund DHS without the immigration riders. He wanted nothing to come between his state and the funding.

Senator Kirk recalls traveling through Chicago’s O’Hare Airport, which is a known potential terrorist target. “Boy did I get an earful from the people I represent,” Senator Kirk says in a brief interview in the Senate basement, on the way to his office. “Chicago doesn’t work unless US military protects the United States. We gotta have DHS.”

Kirk says he’s tried to be the consistent “lone voice in the wilderness” on DHS funding, and “if our party doctrine was to mess the bill up, then to say that the party doctrine was wrong, and we should just pass clean DHS.”

But just a five-minute walk away, on the House side of the Capitol, Rep. John Fleming (R) of Louisiana holds the opposite view. A tea party favorite, he faced no Democratic opponent in his reelection bid of 2010, but he did face a Libertarian one.

In a scrum of reporters, Congressman Fleming said a potential DHS shutdown did not come up at a closed GOP House conference Wednesday morning. The real question, he continued, is the president’s November executive action that would shield millions of undocumented immigrants from deportation. That’s executive overreach and unconstitutional, he and other Republicans say. In January, the House GOP passed a DHS funding bill that also blocked funding for that program.

“The only tool we have in Congress to block an unconstitutional act that would severely damage Americans for generations to come is to deplete the funding of that very executive action, and that’s what our bill does and that’s what we intend to do,” he said.

When asked what his constituents think should be done about the funding issue, he said, “We don’t get a lot of calls because they know my position on this. If I deviated, they’d be very upset.”

Indeed, conservatives such as Fleming would be very angry if Boehner decided to bring a clean DHS bill to the House floor.

Many have said they would not vote for a bill that did not also block the president’s immigration action, and they’re supported by conservative bloggers and outside groups who are already screaming about a cave-in.

Some House Republicans might even try to stage a leadership coup. In January, 25 Republicans voted for someone other than Boehner for speaker.

While McConnell faces his challenge of 60 votes, the speaker’s challenge is to keep his diverse caucus in line so he can reach the magic target of 218, the number of votes needed to pass a bill in the House.

Republicans hold 247 seats, but with a diverse caucus, it’s a challenge getting to 218. Boehner likens it to keeping frogs in a wheelbarrow, and on controversial legislation – such as the budget – he’s had to turn to Democrats for votes.

“For Boehner, just as it has been for the last few years, his challenge is how many times can he bring up things for passage that will require more Democrats, and when he brings those up, can he be sure he’ll get enough Republicans to add to the Democrats?” Ornstein says.

If DHS is to be fully funded, a bill that kills the president’s executive action won’t be part of it – that much has been made clear by the Senate showdown. Boehner will either have to bring his caucus around, or turn to House Democrats to buttress his numbers, with a fallback position being a stopgap continuing resolution.

“I think Boehner in his gut knows that he’s going to have to face reality here,” says a Republican House member, speaking on background. “It’s just a matter of the speaker being able to articulate this to those members – to the ‘hell no’ caucus, who are going to be unhappy with anything short of a complete and total victory.”

In other words, he'll have to blink.",1
3815,Obama to focus on future in State of the Union speech,"(CNN) As White House officials began preparing for President Barack Obama's final State of the Union speech, they dug up past ""eighth-year"" speeches and found something in common -- nearly all of them looked back.

It was tempting for the President to follow the lead of his predecessors, take a victory lap and mainly tout his administration's achievements. But Obama's instruction to his team was simple: Don't do that.

""Don't take our foot off the gas,"" the President told a group of West Wing aides and speechwriters preparing drafts of the speech, according to a senior White House official who attended meeting.

As his top aides have described it, Obama has chosen to deliver a ""nontraditional"" State of the Union.

Gone is the laundry list of policy proposals funneled into the White House from agencies across the federal government. No more ""MyRA's,"" one official quipped, pointing to the previous idea for a new government savings account that was inserted into a past State of the Union.

""It's not going to be 'check the box,' "" explained one senior White House official, insisting that the annual retrieval of recommendations from Cabinet members will not be shoehorned into the speech.

Obama previewed his plan to talk about his vision for the future in a video teaser tweeted by White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough.

""The big things that will guarantee an even stronger, better, more prosperous America for our kids. The America we believe in,"" Obama said in the video.

Vision for U.S. leadership around the world

One of those ""big things"" will be the President's vision for U.S. leadership in the world in the post-Obama years.

A senior White House official said Obama will urge the nation to follow his preferred foreign policy approach of diplomacy and multilateralism. To illustrate that call, the President is likely to tout the administration's response to the Ebola outbreak, the climate change agreement in Paris and his decision to normalize relations with Cuba.

In the aftermath of the terrorist attacks in Paris and San Bernardino, California, Obama will also seek to reassure Americans once again about their safety. Senior administration officials said Obama plans to devote part of the speech to his vow to protect the American home front and put the nation on a path to destroying ISIS, a mission aides concede likely won't be accomplished on his watch.

The war on ISIS ""will be the overarching focus of everything we do this year,"" deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes told reporters earlier this year.

Still, Obama will dedicate much of the speech to his late second-term agenda. In the coming weeks, the President is expected to deliver a plan to Congress for closing the terror detention center at Guantanamo. Obama will likely threaten to act on his own to shut down the facility if lawmakers balk at the proposal.

In what will be an emotional high point in the speech, the President will also defend his executive actions aimed at tightening the nation's background check system for gun buyers. Obama will then point to the first lady's box at the address where an empty seat will represent the victims of gun violence.

Still, a nod to the past

Given that this is Obama's final State of the Union, aides believe the President will still take a few moments to look back on his two terms in office, especially its tumultuous beginning.

Obama was sworn into office as the nation was on the verge of slipping into a second Great Depression, his aides often remind reporters.

The President has already begun to recall his administration's handling of the financial crisis, pointing to the recovery of the U.S. auto industry in his weekly address to the nation on Saturday.

There will also be a heavy dose of nostalgia in Obama's speech. Inside the West Wing, top officials who are veterans of the President's first campaign for the White House can hardly believe Obama's time in office is almost up.

In a nod to those one-time campaign aides who made the transition to the administration and the scores of volunteers during both election cycles, Obama will point to Edith Childs, who will be sitting in the first lady's box during the speech.

Childs, a county council member in Greenwood, South Carolina, coined the popular chant, ""Fired up! Ready to go!"" at one of Obama's rallies in 2007. Then-Sen. Obama was so struck by the cheer it was adopted as an unofficial campaign slogan for the rest of his White House run.

""This is going to be an incredibly emotional moment,"" said Van Jones, a leading environmental official in Obama's first administration and now a CNN political contributor.

""You think about speech after speech, and this is the last one. This is the last State of the Union. And there's no deceleration in this guy. There's no deceleration. This is the guy that we voted for,"" Jones added.

Despite that rich election lore waiting to be tapped, the President won't spend too much time reliving his election glory years, aides insist.

Top officials describe the graying but still youthful 54-year-old President as almost restless, eager to squeeze every moment he can from his remaining year in office.

""The question is what are the kinds of decisions that we are going to make right now that are going to ensure that we're going to pass on our to kids and their kids the most prosperous, the most secure, the most fair United States that has ever existed,"" White House press secretary Josh Earnest told reporters Friday.

House Speaker Paul Ryan, who has also signaled an ambitious agenda for 2016, joked that Obama should spend his final State of the Union apologizing for his past policies.

"" 'I take it all back -- that health care was wrong, we shouldn't have done Dodd-Frank, I want to actually lower tax rates, clear out crony capitalism and restore the Constitution to its rightful place in American life.' That's what I would encourage him to say,"" quipped Ryan.",1
2944,ISIS launches attack on Kirkuk,"Amman, Jordan (CNN) ISIS militants have attacked Kirkuk in northern Iraq, an effort that might be an earnest attempt to capture the key oil-rich city or perhaps to divert Kurdish troops fighting to capture the Islamist extremist group's stronghold of Mosul.

For months, ISIS has been facing off with the Peshmerga -- armed fighters who protect Iraqi Kurdistan -- to the west of Kirkuk. It had gone into areas on Kirkuk's outskirts, but not the central city.

Heavily armed militants attacked an abandoned hotel in central Kirkuk that local police had used as their headquarters.

Peshmerga and Kurdish anti-terror units later raided the hotel, wresting control of it from the militants and killing three of them, according to Peshmerga sources. In addition, two suicide bombers detonated themselves in an attempt to keep the Kurdish forces out.

Also Friday, ISIS militants took over Maktab Khalid, an area about 12 miles southwest of Kirkuk, after heavy clashes with the Peshmerga.

Among those killed was Brig. Gen. Shirko Fateh, the highest-ranking operational commander of the Peshmerga brigade located in Kirkuk.

Photos posted by ISIS purportedly show the group's militants in control of parts of south and southwest Kirkuk, burning tents that had been used by Peshmerga troops.

The U.S. military said Friday that an ISIS chemical weapons expert was killed during a coalition strike late last week.

Abu Malik worked in Saddam Hussein's chemical weapons program before joining al Qaeda in 2005, U.S. Central Command said.

He was killed January 24 near Mosul.

""His death is expected to temporarily degrade and disrupt the terrorist network and diminish (ISIS') ability to potentially produce and use chemical weapons against innocent people,"" the military said.

There is no public evidence that ISIS has a dedicated weapons of mass destruction program.

But U.S. Central Command said: ""His past training and experience provided the terrorist group with expertise to pursue a chemical weapons capability.""

Kirkuk is a strategically important city in the months-long fight, one that has pitted ISIS against the Peshmerga, Iraqi government troops and an international coalition that has carried out airstrikes against the terrorist group.

It is one of the few notable cities -- apart from the region of Kurdistan and its capital, Irbil -- in northern Iraq that haven't fallen to ISIS. Part of its significance stems from the fact its oil reserves are almost as much as those in southern Iraq.

The Kurds and the central Iraqi government in Baghdad have long wrangled over control of those reserves, with each side wanting to keep hold of them. ISIS, which relies heavily on revenue from oil smuggling to fund its operations, has been coveting them, too.

Peshmerga forces took over the Kirkuk area in June when the Iraqi army crumbled in the face of ISIS' advances and have played a vital role in defending it from ISIS since.

In December, ISIS claimed responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack there that killed at least 17 people and injured more than 20. The attack, according to ISIS, was meant to send a message to the Kurdish people and Peshmerga fighters.

Still, Kirkuk is hardly the only place that has seen recent fighting -- which may be part of ISIS' rationale for Friday's attack there.

The city of 1.5 million people on the Tigris River has been held by ISIS since June. ISIS has invested heavily in governing the city. Its leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, pronounced his leadership of the caliphate at the Grand Mosque there in July.

Kurdish officials say that as long as ISIS holds Mosul, it threatens Kurdistan. Likewise, neither the government in Baghdad nor its coalition partners can rest while terrorists occupy Iraq's second-largest city.

Peshmerga forces have made steady progress against ISIS north and west of Mosul over the past two months.

They have taken some 3,000 square kilometers (1,160 square miles) of the Sinjar area, as well as the area around the Mosul Dam, choking off access routes and threatening ISIS' main resupply routes.

There's little doubt, though, that ISIS remains a very real force, and threat, in much of Iraq.

The group, which calls itself the Islamic State, still controls a vast swath of that Middle Eastern nation and neighboring Syria. Its goal is to have a vast caliphate under its strict version of Sharia law, with its followers proving they will stop at nothing -- having been blamed for the large-scale killings of civilians, mass kidnappings and forcing women and girls to become sex slaves -- during its quest.

That violent campaign continued Friday, and not just in Kirkuk.

Dozens of gunmen believed to be from ISIS faced off Friday morning about 175 miles (285 kilometers) away in central Ramadi, police and health officials in that city said.

Several hours later, that onslaught had been foiled and 20 gunmen were dead, according to the officials.

Elsewhere in Ramadi, a suicide car bomb explosion at an Iraqi army checkpoint killed one soldier and wounded six others.

Violence flared in other parts of Iraq as well that, while it hasn't been tied to ISIS, is further proof of the country's unsettled state.

Six explosions went off Friday around Baghdad, leaving at least seven dead and 23 wounded, according to police officials.

The deadliest such blast was in Bab Al Sharji, a busy commercial area in central Baghdad, leaving three dead and 10 hurt.",1
1282,How Hillary Clinton lost young (white) women,"As the Clinton campaign turns its attention to South Carolina, its drubbing in New Hampshire suggests Hillary Clinton's feminist credentials simply don't appeal to young women.

Explaining Hillary Clinton has long been a thriving subculture in American punditry. After New Hampshire, there’s a new wrinkle: Why are young women abandoning her?

As a Wellesley College student in the late 1960s, Hillary Rodham exemplified a brash new model of the young woman activist. Her unscripted graduation speech blasting the commencement speaker – her former mentor and lone black United States senator, Edward Brooke – drew national attention.

But this week, Clinton lost most of the women's vote in her 22-point defeat to Sen. Bernie Sanders, a rival she once led by 40 points in the polls, and the losses cut deepest among young women.

“She just doesn’t seem as extremely truthful,” says Tayla Schipilliti, a bridal consultant and student at Nashua Community College, after voting in Merrimack, N.H.

Evidence for this view includes “the whole e-mail thing,” the videos circulating on social media sites that challenge Clinton’s claim to have landed in Bosnia in 1996 under sniper fire, and stories Ms. Schipilliti's parents told her about how the Clintons treated people, she says. Like many in the first-in-the-nation primary, she tried to follow the race, including attending candidate events at her college and watching campaign videos on line.

""Personally I obviously support equal pay for woman and all that, but just because that’s her main stance and she’s a woman I don’t feel that I have to vote for her. So I ended up voting for Bernie,” she says.

New Hampshire exit polls show Clinton coming up short in virtually every demographic group, except for voters over the age of 65 or with incomes over $200,000. It's important to note, also, that there are too few nonwhite voters in New Hampshire to register in the exit polls – a demographic that will be much more a factor in the next primary votes in South Carolina, Nevada, and March 1 super primary states across the South.

She is also on the losing slope of a 35-point gender gap with men and a 10 percent gap with women in Tuesday’s returns. On Primary Day, 55 percent of women voted for Sanders, including 69 percent of women under 45.

Voters give Clinton high marks on leadership qualities (54 percent), experience (84 percent), and electability (79 percent), but few think that she cares about people like them (17 percent). While nearly 9 in 10 who voted in the Democratic primary say that Sanders is honest and trustworthy, less than half say the same for Clinton. Two-thirds of voters said they preferred Sanders's positions on the issues to hers.

Polling on the eve of the vote shows an even stronger disaffection for Clinton among the youngest voters. Among women age 18 to 34, Sanders led Clinton 87 to 9 percent, according to final tracking polls.

That antipathy, fed by social media, may extend to girls below the voting age, as well, if this encounter is any indication: Commenting on the election results, Vana Rizos, a waitress in Brookline, N.H., pulls out her cell phone to replay a video of her mother, Rika, walking into a voting booth on Tuesday. In the video, her daughter, Krysele – who is 14 and holding the camera – calls out to ask who she will vote for. At the answer –“Hillary Clinton, of course!” – the girl groans and stops recording.

So, why the groan? “She thinks that Bernie is authentic and Hillary is fake, because she always travels with a big entourage,” said Vana Rizos, her mother.

Both the Clinton campaign and many commentators were slow to appreciate how faintly Clinton’s persona as a champion of women’s rights would register with younger voters.

One reason is that the electorate has changed since Clinton won the New Hampshire presidential primary in 2008, and young women don't have the same points of reference as Clinton's generation.

“New Hampshire is a different state that it was in 2008,” says Andrew Smith, director of the Survey Center at the University of New Hampshire in Durham.  “Younger voters have a very different set of experiences that affect their political world than we have.”

“Women under 35 probably have had women professors and bosses,"" he adds. ""They haven’t had the experiences that their mothers and grandmothers did. That’s why feminist messages just don’t resonate with younger voters.”

By contrast, Sanders is talking about issues that resonate, “such as not having a job or not making the money you wanted to, or living in your parents’ basement,” he says.

A similar assumption that doesn't pass generational muster is that Americans couldn’t possibly vote for a socialist. “Those that are my age know it’s a political death knell,” he adds. “But there is a significant part of the electorate who weren’t born when the Berlin Wall came down. Younger voters see socialism as their trip to Denmark or Sweden or Paris.”

Feminist icon Gloria Steinem had to walk back  a comment on HBO’s “Real Time with Bill Maher” that young women back Sanders over Clinton because “that’s where the boys are.” A comment by former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, at a rally with Clinton on Saturday, that “there’s a special place in hell for women who don’t support women,” also fell flat among young women voters drawn to the promise of a social movement. They were not only annoyed at being scolded, but affronted by the idea they have to vote for Clinton just because she's a woman.

During the Democratic debate on PBS Thursday night, Clinton shrugged off Ms. Albright's comment, saying, ""She's been saying that for as long as I've known her."" Clinton said she has ""no argument with anyone making up her mind about who to support. I just hope by the end of this campaign a lot more are supporting me.... I am not asking people to support me because I'm a woman,"" but ""because I think I'm the most qualified, experienced, and ready person to be the president and commander-in-chief.""

In  an essay in Slate after the New Hampshire vote, cultural critic Camille Paglia maintains that one thing that's driving young women to Sanders is Clinton's ""over-use of 'I' in the current campaign, in contrast to Bernie Sanders's ego-transcending focus on sparking a populist movement of political reform.""

Lost in the New Hampshire outcome is the fact that Clinton still has a core of supporters, especially among nonwhite voters, who credit her record as an activist.

A get-out-the-vote rally for Clinton at Nashua Community College last week was packed with supporters waving “NEA Democrats for Hillary,” a reference to the largest national teachers union, which has long done much of the legwork in Democratic campaigns.

“She’s been secretary of State. How could you think someone like that wouldn’t be a good president” says Faith Little, an online instructor of social work at Boston University. Commenting on all the support for Sanders among students, she adds: “She’s being realistic about what she can deliver.”

Clinton also has the support of much of the party establishment. She has been campaigning in New Hampshire primaries since 1991, not only in the four Clinton presidential races (1992, 1996, 2008, 2016), but also to help other Democrats. In the process, she earned the gratitude of many Democrats here,  including US Sen. Jeanne Shaheen and New Hampshire Gov. Maggie Hassan, who is running in a tight race to oust Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R).

Critics say that establishment support doesn't count for much in what is an election defined by anger against the establishment. The support of a governor and US senator did little to avert a Clinton defeat in New Hampshire, but it is firing up controversy in the wake of that vote.

Here's the issue: Governor Hassan, Senator Shaheen and four other “superdelegates” are now pledged to support Clinton at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia in July. Despite her blowout loss to Sanders, Clinton could wind up with as many or more New Hampshire delegates than Sanders in Philadelphia.

If social networking buzz is any indication, the issue is opening a new intergenerational fracture between Clinton and younger voters, who see the move as part of a rigged political system – a leading Sanders talking point.

In a statement after the vote, Hassan reached out to Sanders voters. “No matter what the ultimate outcome of the nominating process, Senator Sanders has importantly voiced the frustration of many Granite Staters who know corporate special interests in Washington are holding our families and small businesses back,” she said in a statement.",1
1658,What's behind the debate over the Republican debates?,"Just three debates in, the saga over the CNBC Republican showdown in Colorado last week has dashed the hopes of party bosses that the storm of controversy and recrimination over debates that clouded the 2012 campaign -- and hampered eventual nominee Mitt Romney -- could be avoided.

Last time around, candidates griped that there were too many debates -- there were 20 in all -- and that their frequency and need for preparation interrupted campaigns and elevated long-shot hopefuls who had no chance of winning the nomination in the media spotlight.

This time, especially following the CNBC debate Wednesday, candidates are complaining that the moderators are taking too much airtime, keep interrupting those on stage and are biased against conservatives. Front-runners say that those stuck in single digits in the polls shouldn't even be in the debates while the dark horses complain that being confined to second-tier events is killing their campaigns.

But while the candidates have been quick to jump on the moderators and the networks hosting them, in truth each candidate has reasons for wanting a different format that most suits his or her campaign. The result has been another round of controversy and recrimination.

Sunday's meeting of campaign operatives produced a tentative truce with a modest set of demands for changes to the format of future debates, but even that initiative split the GOP field. By Monday night, Donald Trump, John Kasich, Chris Christie and Carly Fiorina had declined to sign on.

The issue is likely to persist as long as the GOP field remains bloated, guaranteeing constant tensions as each candidate jockeys for position -- whether for more time on screen or fewer minutes in the hot seat.

Here is how the Republican White House hopefuls are playing the debate over debates for their own advantage.

What he wants: Trump has made no secret of his desire for cuts in the size of the top-tier GOP debate. He's publicly warned the likes of Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul they shouldn't even be sharing a stage with him.

""There are too many people on the debate stage. It should be five. Let the other eight or nine or 10 go onto the second debate,"" Trump's special counsel Michael Cohen said on CNN's ""New Day"" on Monday. Trump, who faded during a three-hour-long debate on CNN in September, has also led calls for the events to be limited to two hours.

Why he wants it: The billionaire front-runner is a master of manipulating the media and doesn't want to share his spotlight. The more candidates he can exclude from the stage, the less competition he has to confront head on at the top.

What he wants: The former neurosurgeon has called for the GOP to abandon the current format for televised debates. He says journalist moderators ask ""gotcha"" questions and wants debates to be stripped from the networks and carried on YouTube or Facebook and become more of a forum-style event, according to The Wall Street Journal.

Why he wants it: Since Carson is not a professional politician, he has far less experience in the cut-and-thrust of debate than many of his competitors. His soft-spoken, laid-back style seems a better fit for less adversarial settings. And some of his answers on the details of policy have been shaky during the past two debates, giving him even more incentive to avoid such scrutiny.

What he wants: Rubio is happy to take the chance to turn tough questions or those he deems unfair into a chance to lash the ""liberal"" media. He's called the moderators of the CNBC debate biased and says they asked trivial questions. And he didn't wait until the showdown was over last week before castigating the media as a de facto arm of the Democratic Party.

""The Democrats have the ultimate super PAC ... called the mainstream media for every single day,"" Rubio said while on the debate stage.

Why he wants it: Rubio wants to have his cake and eat it, too. He's got strong political reasons to slam the media, as doing so delights conservative voters who harbor suspicions about his record, including on immigration.

But the Florida senator also wants to ensure GOP debates remain on platforms such as cable television outlets that draw huge audiences and are introducing him to a wide spectrum of voters before a possible general election campaign.

Rubio has improved his performance in each of the three Republican debates so far and his sharp political skills -- evidenced in his putdown of Jeb Bush in Colorado -- are ideally suited to such an adversarial setting.

What he wants: Jeb Bush probably cannot wait until the next Republican debate, on November 10, to try to dispel memories of his lifeless and disjointed showing in the CNBC clash. He partly blamed the moderators of the CNBC debate for his woes, telling NBC's ""Meet the Press"" on Sunday that the event was ""weird"" and that he was stopped from answering a Rubio slapdown by moderators.

Why he wants it: Bush is fighting a narrative of decay that is beginning to envelop his campaign after his disaster in the Rockies. He must seize on any and all debate opportunities to try to ignite a comeback narrative.

What he wants: The New Jersey governor has one thing to say to those who complain that the debates are unfair: Bring it on.

""Do not count me in this group that is doing this moaning and complaining about this,"" Christie told CNN's ""New Day"" on Monday. ""The presidency is almost never scripted. We shouldn't have these debates scripted either.""

Why he wants it: Christie has his own comeback narrative to work on as he languishes at 1% in national polls. So any time he can get into a debate with the front-runners, he benefits -- as he did after a strong performance in the Colorado debate.

Christie is another candidate who does well when the back-and-forth heats up, so he would join a debate every week if he could. Debate appearances also allow him to exploit the ""straight shooter"" persona he adopted as governor of the Garden State and which he is using to try to haul himself into contention in the New Hampshire primary -- his best chance for a decent result in an early voting state.

What he wants: Thank the Texas senator for getting this ball rolling. Cruz, using the forensic debating skills honed at Harvard Law School and as one of the most talented Supreme Court litigators of his generation, lacerated the CNBC debate as it was still going on. He followed up that coup by demanding debates hosted by the high priests of the conservative talk radio scene -- Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity and Mark Levin.

Why he wants it: Cruz, who is quietly building a strong challenge for the nomination, is keen to do anything he can to dominate the conservative voting bloc, which also happens to revere the trio of talk show hosts. Though his rivals appear unlikely to allow it to happen, such a spectacle would leave Cruz basking in reflected glory.

What she wants: ""I'll debate anyone, any time, any place,"" the only woman in the GOP field tweeted Monday. Fiorina would also be keen to get key conservatives into the mix. In another tweet, she said that conservative radio host Glenn Beck should be considered.

Why she wants it: In a sense, Fiorina's campaign barely exists off the debate stage. Her fiery showing in the undercard debate on Fox in August nudged her poll numbers up sufficiently to get her into the top-tier debate CNN hosted in September.

But away from the debate stage, Fiorina has struggled to keep in the public eye, and her hopes of a future in Republican politics rely on as much exposure as possible.

What he wants: The Ohio governor is another candidate who wants more debates and is seeking the moral high ground by being happy to take any question that comes up. He told CNN's Dana Bash on ""State of the Union"" Sunday that he is ""the governor of the seventh-largest state in America, and I have had so many questions thrown at me over the course of my time.""

Why he wants it: Kasich is billing himself as the kind of candidate the Republicans need, someone who can win his own crucial general election swing state and others like it. So parrying hostile questions from moderators that other candidates consider biased and reaching out to the vast cable television audience watching the debates makes strategic sense.

What he wants: Trust the libertarian Republican to have an idea far from the mainstream. The Kentucky senator and veteran filibusterer joked that he'd back a 13-hour debate and give each candidate an hour to talk. He says having no moderator at all would be worth looking at and hit out at ""gotcha"" questions.

Why he wants it: At this point, with his campaign falling well short of expectations, the more time before a national audience Paul can get, the better.

What he wants: Mike Huckabee, the former cable news pundit and Arkansas governor, said on Fox News after Wednesday's debate that changes that were needed in the debate format because running for president was a serious business and candidates shouldn't be part of a TV station's effort to drive up ratings.

Why he wants it: Huckabee's campaign has barely made a ripple this time around, after he won the Iowa caucuses in 2008 on the way to coming second in the GOP delegate count. So any publicity is good publicity and Huckabee's brand of folksy humor is tailor-made for the debate stage.

What they want: Each man, stuck in the purgatory of undercard debates, wants a chance to hit prime time. South Carolina Sen. Graham, for instance, wants two GOP debates of seven candidates each.

""We have too many people on one stage and too few on the other,"" Graham told CNN on Monday.

Former New York Gov. Pataki believes that if Americans only get to see him, they will view him as a potential commander in chief. As many Americans as possible must be exposed to the candidates, he said, as it's ""the best way to pick a president.""

Why they want it: Survival.",1
3824,President Obama has had an eventful year. His approval rating hasn't budged.,"2015 has been an eventful year for Barack Obama. He made a historic nuclear deal with Iran, two of his Supreme Court appointees voted to legalize same-sex marriage nationwide, he's fought with the left to advance his trade agenda, and he gave a speech on race and gun violence that was hailed as the best of his presidency.

And none of that has caused his approval rating to budge in the slightest, as you can see in this HuffPost Pollster chart:

The full trend of Obama's approval throughout his presidency, which you can see here, has had many more ups and downs. This year's rating of 45 percent approval and 50 percent disapproval is mediocre historically, as you can see over at Gallup (it tops George W. Bush and Harry Truman's seventh-year approval, but is well behind Bill Clinton and Dwight Eisenhower's and slightly behind Ronald Reagan's).

Obama's rating is slightly better than it was last year, when it was similarly steady at about 43 percent approval and 52 percent disapproval. But the broader change some expected would result from improving economic news isn't evident yet.

Political scientist Alan Abramowitz has argued that unless Obama's approval makes it back up to 50 percent, the Democrat who's running to succeed him should be considered a narrow underdog. He predicted that Obama's current approval rating of 45 percent would likely result in the Democratic nominee getting 49 percent of the two-party vote share, and therefore losing.

Now, elections aren't simply a referendum on presidential approval (Abramowitz's own ""time for a change"" model also incorporates GDP growth). And of course, it's possible that future news events could change Obama's approval rating. But all such news events this year have, so far, failed to do so.",1
4288,GOP Power Rankings: Kasich gets a boost,"The Republican presidential race continues to be all about Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, but Ohio Gov. John Kasich may have put himself in position to make a mark when New Hampshire votes next month.

In our weekly poll of 30 political experts — we ask who is strongest in the GOP field each week —  Kasich notched sixth place this week, his highest standing in the 21 weeks we have been running the survey.

Now, it's not first place — that's still Trump. But Kasich's upward movement reflects some thought that he could score second place in the Granite State's first-in-the-nation primary. That would plant him firmly in the national headlines and give his campaign fresh life.

""This week Kasich feels like a 'positive alternative' possibility in NH, amid all the negativity between (Jeb) Bush, (Chris) Christie, and (Marco) Rubio,"" said University of New Hampshire professor Dante Scala. Polls in the state have consistently shown Kasich among a cluster of candidates vying for second place behind Trump, and over the weekend he picked up endorsements from three newspapers in the state.

Kasich also benefits from other candidates — namely Carly Fiorina and Ben Carson — dropping out of the top tier over the past several weeks.

""The conventional wisdom is that it's either Trump or Cruz.  However, surprises occur when actual people start to vote,"" warned former Democratic congressman Dan Maffei.

Pollster Peter Fenn added, ""The knives are out between Trump and Cruz. The question is: does this give a Rubio, Christie, Kasich or Bush a chance to come up the side and emerge as an alternative?""

Former Republican party official Frank Donatelli agreed, ""Trump, Cruz and Rubio have most potential for the long run,"" Donatelli said. ""There may be one more ticket available if Bush, Christie or Kasich can finish first or second in New Hampshire. Iowa is most important for Cruz as he is lagging in New Hampshire.""

On other odd item worth noting this week: Rand Paul held his spot in eighth place despite being relegated to the happy hour debate that he refused to attend. Paul turned his relegation into a positive by launching a social media storm during the debate that garnered a lot of attention. He was among the top five candidates in growth of Twitter followers during the debate for the first time despite not being on stage.

Participants in USA TODAY's GOP Power Rankings:

Kristen Soltis Anderson, Republican pollster and author of The Selfie Vote

Henry Barbour, Republican strategist, Mississippi

Paul Brathwaite, principal, Podesta Group

Dianne Bystrom, director, Center for Women and Politics, Iowa State University

Herman Cain, talk show host and former GOP presidential candidate

Maria Cardona, Democratic strategist and CNN Commentator, The Dewey Square Group

Frank Donatelli, former RNC deputy chairman and Reagan advisor

Sara Fagen, partner, DDC Advocacy

Peter Fenn, Democratic political strategist, Fenn Communications

Denise Feriozzi, deputy executive director, EMILY’s List

Karen Floyd, CEO, The Palladian Group and former South Carolina GOP chair

Aaron Ghitelman, communications manager, HeadCount

Andra Gillespie, polling analyst and political science professor, Emory University 

Nathan L. Gonzales, editor, The Rothenberg & Gonzales Political Report

Lilly J. Goren, political science and global studies professor, Carroll University

Doug Gross, Iowa attorney and previous Republican gubernatorial nominee

O. Kay Henderson, news director, Radio Iowa

Ken Khachigian, senior partner, Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck

Carl Leubsdorf, Washington columnist, The Dallas Morning News

 Deb Lucia, Topeka 912 – the Capital City Tea Party

Matt Mackowiak, Republican consultant and president, Potomac Strategy Group, LLC

 Dan Maffei, former Democratic congressman, New York

Phil Musser, chairman, IMGE digital media agency

Margie Omero, Democratic pollster, Purple Insights

Jon Ralston, host, ""Ralston Live"" on PBS affiliates in Nevada

Craig Robinson, founder and editor, TheIowaRepublican.com

Alan Rosenblatt, Ph.D., Sr. VP of digital strategy, turner4D

Dante Scala, political science professor, University of New Hampshire

Adam Sharp, head of news, government and elections, Twitter

Alex Smith, national chairman, College Republicans

Todd Spangler, Washington correspondent, Detroit Free Press

Kathy Sullivan, DNC committeewoman and former Democratic Party chair, New Hampshire

Special thanks to the Palladian Group for building our survey platform.",1
1302,Marco Rubio Short-Circuits During G.O.P. Debate,"After months of looking like bit players in the Republican presidential race, Governors Chris Christie, John Kasich and former Governor Jeb Bush all delivered their strongest debate performances yet Saturday night in New Hampshire. But the object of their attacks was not Donald Trump, the irascible billionaire who maintains a double-digit lead in the primary state. Instead, they focused their fire on Marco Rubio, turning his aggressively rehearsed talking points against him and exposing the vacuity of his campaign in a series of devastating exchanges that threaten to blunt his recent momentum.

Rubio has long faced criticism for his robotic approach on the campaign trail, where he regularly reproduces the same practiced phrases. There is something to be said for staying on message, especially when that message appears to be working. But the Florida senator’s reliance on pre-scripted lines backfired dramatically when Christie called him out for using the same line twice, and Rubio responded, like a broken record, by repeating it again and again.

“Let's dispel once and for all with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn't know what he's doing. He knows exactly what he's doing,” Rubio said early in the debate, arguing that Obama, far from being incompetent, was actually engaged in a “systematic effort to change America,” and that he would do a better job a president. Christie ripped the answer, calling Rubio inexperienced and drawing applause for accusing him of “truancy” in the Senate. Rubio shot back that New Jersey’s credit rating had been downgraded nine times under Christie. Then, inexplicably, he repeated his previous answer: “But I would add this. Let's dispel with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn't know what he's doing. He knows exactly what he's doing.”

Christie pounced. “That's what Washington, D.C., does,” he said, deconstructing the Rubio machine in real-time. “The drive-by shot at the beginning with incorrect and incomplete information and then the memorized 25-second speech that is exactly what his advisers gave him.” The crowd went wild as Christie twisted the knife: “See Marco—Marco, the thing is this. When you're president of the United States, when you're a governor of a state, the memorized 30-second speech where you talk about how great America is at the end of it doesn't solve one problem for one person.” Rubio appeared to panic, almost immediately returning to the same line a third time: “Here's the bottom line. This notion that Barack Obama doesn't know what he's doing is just not true. He knows exactly what he's doing.”

“There it is,” Christie interjected. “The memorized 25-second speech. There it is, everybody.” Rubio, unsure how to respond, went for round four: “I think this is an important point. We have to understand what we're going through here. We are not facing a president that doesn't know what he's doing. He knows what he is doing.” Christie quipped that he “gets very unruly when he gets off his talking points,” but that didn’t stop Rubio from repeating the line a fifth time before the debate ended. “I think anyone who believes that Barack Obama isn't doing what he's doing on purpose doesn't understand what we're dealing with here,” he said, apparently still rattled. “This is a president—this is a president who is trying to change this country.”

It was a bizarre performance for the freshman senator, who has soared to second in the polls in New Hampshire after a surprisingly strong third-place finish in the Iowa caucuses last week. In the last several days, the Republican establishment has rallied to Rubio’s side, seeing him as the sole candidate capable of mounting a credible challenge to Trump and Ted Cruz, both of whom are considered unelectable by many party leaders. But with the New Hampshire primary just days away, the confidence-shattering exchange could derail Rubio’s shot at holding on to his second-place position, creating an opening for Christie, Kasich, or Bush to pull ahead and prolonging an already damaging intra-party fight to consolidate the crowded establishment lane.

Rubio wasn’t the only one to come under attack Saturday night. In what is certainly a first in the history of presidential debates, Donald Trump lashed out at the audience after he was booed for trying to shush Jeb Bush. “That’s all of his donors and special interests out there,” he said, like a stand-up comedian taking on a heckler. “That’s who it is,” he continued, as the crowd grew louder. “The R.N.C. told us. We have all donors in the audience. And the reason they’re not loving me … excuse me. The reason they’re not loving me is, I don’t want their money. I’m going to do the right thing for the American public. I don’t want their money. I don’t need their money. And I’m the only one up here that can say that.”",1
2212,Obama reportedly snubs NATO chief as Russia makes new threats against allies,"President Barack Obama reportedly will not meet with NATO's new secretary general when he is in Washington this week, despite requests from the alliance chief's staff for a get-together.

Bloomberg View reported Tuesday that Jens Stoltenberg's office requested a meeting with Obama in advance of his scheduled visit, but did not receive any response from the White House. Instead, Bloomberg View reported that Stoltenberg had to settle for a last-minute meeting with Defense Secretary Ashton Carter.

The White House on Wednesday dismissed the report about the snub as inaccurate.

""Those reports are entirely false,"" Press Secretary Josh Earnest said.

Earnest also said the White House has been in touch with Stoltenberg's office and dismissed the assertion that Carter was a late fill-in because Obama was too busy.

Stoltenberg is scheduled to be in Washington through Thursday, primarily so he can attend a strategic brainstorming session involving military officials and experts from the U.S. and NATO.

Stoltenberg, who replaced Anders Fogh Rasmussen as head of the world's largest military alliance in October, was able to meet with Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper Monday, the day before Harper announced that Canada would expand its participation in the U.S.-led military campaign against ISIS in Iraq and Syria.

The report of Obama's snub comes amid Russia's growing willingness to test NATO's military readiness. On Tuesday, NATO jets were scrambled after four Russian military planes were spotted flying over the Baltic Sea with their transponders turned off. Over the weekend, a Danish newspaper published remarks by the Russian ambassador to Denmark in which he hinted that Russian missiles could target Danish warships if Copenhagen joins NATO's missile defense system.

But the most far-reaching example of Russian belligerence came Tuesday, when Britain's Daily Telegraph reported that Moscow was preparing to lease 12 long-range bombers to Argentina in exchange for shipments of beef and wheat. The report comes after a round of rhetoric from Russian officials questioning Britain's claim to the Falkland Islands.

The Telegraph reports that Russia's ambassador to Britain, Alexander Yakovenko, compared a 2013 referendum in which 99.8 percent of Falklands inhabitants voted to remain part of the U.K. to last year's vote which formalized Crimea's annexation by Russia. Britain, along with the U.S. and NATO, denounced the Crimea referendum as a sham orchestrated by Moscow.

British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond repeated those claims earlier this week, prompting the Russian embassy to respond, ""In its rhetoric [the] Foreign Office applies one logic to the referendum in the Malvinas/Falklands, and a different one to the case of Crimea.""

Alexei Pushkov, the head of the Duma’s committee of international affairs, was even more blunt in a Twitter message that read, in part, ""Crimea has immeasurably more reason to be a part of Russia than the Falkland Islands to be part of the U.K.""

The Russian position echoed remarks made last year by Argentina president Cristina de Kirchner, who said, ""The Malvinas [Argentina's name for the archipelago] has always belonged to Argentina, the same way that Crimea also belonged to the Soviet Union until it was given to Ukraine.""

On Tuesday, British Defense Secretary Michael Fallon said that Britain would send two Chinook troop-carrying helicopters and a new surface-to-air missile system to the islands.

Click for more from the Daily Telegraph.",1
2299,Alabama begins issuing marriage licenses to gay couples,"Alabama began issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples Monday, despite an 11th-hour attempt from the state's chief justice -- an outspoken opponent -- to block the weddings.

The U.S. Supreme Court said Monday morning that it wouldn't stop the marriages from beginning in the state, and shortly after, Jefferson County probate judge Alan King issued several licenses.

He did so despite Chief Justice Roy Moore's Sunday night order to all probate judges, directing them to refuse to issue the licenses.

One of the licenses went to Dee and Laura Bush, who have been together for seven years and have five kids between them.

""It is great that we were able to be part of history,"" said Dee Bush. After receiving her license, she and Laura walked outside to a park where a minister was performing wedding ceremonies to cheers from crowds.

By issuing licenses, King says he was abiding by the federal court order from January that determined Alabama's statutory and constitutional bans on gay marriage were unconstitutional. U.S. District Judge Callie Granade had put her order on hold until Monday to let the state prepare for the change. The state attorney general has requested that the hold be extended, but the U.S. Supreme Court refused to do so.

Moore's order to probate judges was a dramatic return to defiance for the chief justice. He was removed from the post in 2003 for refusing to obey a federal court order to remove a washing machine-sized Ten Commandments from the state judicial building. Critics lashed out that Moore had no authority to tell county probate judges to enforce a law that a federal judge already ruled unconstitutional. He's been one of the state's most outspoken critics of gay marriage; in 2002 he called homosexuality an ""evil"" in a custody ruling.

""This is a pathetic, last-ditch attempt at judicial fiat by an Alabama Supreme Court justice--a man who should respect the rule of law rather than advance his personal beliefs,"" said Sarah Warbelow, legal director of the Human Rights Campaign.",1
4007,Russian plane crash in Sinai: All 224 on board killed,"Russian state media reported that many of the 217 passengers on Kogalymavia Flight 9268 were Russians returning from vacation. The passenger manifest included 17 children but Russian officials said there were 25 aboard. There were seven crew members.

Ukrainian Foreign Minister Pavlo Klimkin tweeted that four victims were Ukrainian nationals.

The cause of the crash still is unknown, but it is most likely due to a technical failure, and there is no evidence of any terrorist action, Egyptian Airports Co. chief Adel Al-Mahjoob told CNN Arabic.

An Egyptian soldier prays as emergency workers prepare to unload bodies of victims at a military airport north of Suez, Egypt, on October 31.

An Egyptian soldier prays as emergency workers prepare to unload bodies of victims at a military airport north of Suez, Egypt, on October 31.

Journalists and spectators wait for ambulances to arrive at the Zeinhom morgue in Cairo on October 31.

Journalists and spectators wait for ambulances to arrive at the Zeinhom morgue in Cairo on October 31.

Employees with the Russian Ministry for Emergency Situations wait in Moscow for their flight to Egypt on October 31.

Employees with the Russian Ministry for Emergency Situations wait in Moscow for their flight to Egypt on October 31.

People light candles and leave flowers at the Russian Embassy in Kiev, Ukraine, on October 31.

People light candles and leave flowers at the Russian Embassy in Kiev, Ukraine, on October 31.

Villagers watch an ambulance as it drives to unload bodies on October 31.

Villagers watch an ambulance as it drives to unload bodies on October 31.

The tail of the jet sits in a field on October 31.

The tail of the jet sits in a field on October 31.

An item of clothing lies at the site where the plane crashed on October 31.

An item of clothing lies at the site where the plane crashed on October 31.

Ismail, center, and other officials visit the site of the plane crash on October 31.

Ismail, center, and other officials visit the site of the plane crash on October 31.

Egyptian Prime Minister Sherif Ismail, third from right, visits the site of the plane crash with military and government officials on October 31.

Egyptian Prime Minister Sherif Ismail, third from right, visits the site of the plane crash with military and government officials on October 31.

Egyptian paramedics load the bodies of victims into a military plane at a military air base by the Suez Canal on Saturday, October 31.

Egyptian paramedics load the bodies of victims into a military plane at a military air base by the Suez Canal on Saturday, October 31.

People place flowers and messages in front of the Russian Embassy in Cairo on November 1.

People place flowers and messages in front of the Russian Embassy in Cairo on November 1.

Candles, toys, flowers and portraits are left at Pulkovo International Airport outside St. Petersburg on November 1.

Candles, toys, flowers and portraits are left at Pulkovo International Airport outside St. Petersburg on November 1.

Debris from the airliner is seen on November 1.

Debris from the airliner is seen on November 1.

More debris is shown on November 1. The crash site is in a remote area of a region plagued by a violent Islamic insurgency.

More debris is shown on November 1. The crash site is in a remote area of a region plagued by a violent Islamic insurgency.

Debris belonging to the Russian airliner is shown at the site of the crash on November 1.

Debris belonging to the Russian airliner is shown at the site of the crash on November 1.

Egyptian army soldiers guard the luggage and other belongings of passengers piled up at the site of the crash on November 1.

Egyptian army soldiers guard the luggage and other belongings of passengers piled up at the site of the crash on November 1.

A piece of the engine sits on the ground at the crash site on November 1.

A piece of the engine sits on the ground at the crash site on November 1.

Egyptian military personnel stand near the tail of the jet in Hassana on Sunday, November 1.

Egyptian military personnel stand near the tail of the jet in Hassana on Sunday, November 1.

Russian emergency personnel collect personal belongings of victims at the crash site in Hassana, Egypt, on November 2.

Russian emergency personnel collect personal belongings of victims at the crash site in Hassana, Egypt, on November 2.

People visit a makeshift memorial at the airport in St. Petersburg on November 3.

People visit a makeshift memorial at the airport in St. Petersburg on November 3.

The wreckage of Flight 9268 is seen in this image provided on Tuesday, November 3.

The wreckage of Flight 9268 is seen in this image provided on Tuesday, November 3.

The militant group ISIS published this image of what it claims is the bomb that brought down Metrojet Flight 9268 on Saturday, October 31. The photograph shows a soft-drink can and two components that appear to be a detonator and a switch. Flight 9268 crashed in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula en route to the Russian city of St. Petersburg. All 224 people on board were killed.

The Airbus A321 had a routine check before flight, showing everything was OK to proceed, Mahjoob said.

The so-called black boxes -- the flight data recorder and voice data recorder -- have been recovered and transported to Cairo for analysis, Egyptian Civil Aviation Minister Hossam Kamel said at a news conference.

""There was nothing abnormal before the plane crash,"" he said. ""It suddenly disappeared from the radar.""

Air traffic control recordings did not show any distress calls, Kamel said.

The plane departed the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh, near the southern tip of the Sinai, on a flight to St. Petersburg, Russia. It vanished from radar 23 minutes into the flight, at 6:20 a.m. local time.

Egypt has been battling insurgents in the Sinai aligned with the terrorist group ISIS.

Islamists militants in the Sinai linked to ISIS claimed responsibility for the crash, according to an online statement.

But Russian Transport Minister Maxim Sokolov said the claim that terrorists brought down the plane by using an anti-aircraft missile ""cannot be considered reliable,"" according to Russian state news agency RIA Novosti.

German air carrier Lufthansa and Air France have decided to reroute aircraft due to fly over the region.

""We will keep that measure in place as long as we are not sure of the circumstances and the reasons of the Metrojet crash,"" Lufthansa spokeswoman Bettina Rittberger said.

At 2 a.m. Sunday, Russians were still going by Pulkovo Airport in St. Petersburg, dropping off red or white carnations and stuffed toys for children. A table held a dozen candles.

Many of the mourners silently paused in front of the memorial before leaving.

Inside the airport, psychologists were available for family members. Some of the relatives were waiting for the bodies of their loved ones to be returned.

Officials said that would begin later Sunday. About 115 people had given DNA samples to help identify the dead.

Among the significant, if preliminary, pieces of information to emerge Saturday were these:

• The plane was flying above 30,000 feet when it disappeared from radar screens, the Egyptian civil aviation ministry said.

• Russia 24, a state-owned news channel, and other Russian media outlets are saying the pilot reported technical problems and requested a landing at the nearest airport before the plane went missing. Officials have not corroborated those reports.

• Russia 24 also quotes the FlightRadar 24 website as saying the plane was descending at a rate of 1,800 meters per minute, or 67 mph, before radar contact was lost.

• Weather in the area was clear, CNN reported.

• The plane was Kogalymavia Flight 9268. The airline is commonly known as Metrojet.

• The crash site is in the northern part of Sinai, near a town called Housna -- 300 kilometers (185 miles) from Sharm el-Sheikh, the Egyptian Prime Minister's office said.

• The site is reported to be in a mountainous area. Still, Egyptian rescue crews made their way there, and officials said 129 bodies have been found and are being flown to Cairo. Ambulances have so far moved 34 bodies to the official Zeinhom morgue and other hospitals in the Egyptian capital.

Egyptian Prime Minister Sherif Ismail met with ministers and security officials as the cause of the crash remained a mystery. The most dangerous parts of any flight are the takeoff and landing; it is unusual for a plane to fall from the sky at cruising altitude.

Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev to open an investigation into the crash, the Kremlin said. And Putin declared an official day of mourning Sunday for the victims.

Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi called Putin to express his condolences, according to the Kremlin.

Sisi ""assured Mr. Putin that conditions will be created for the broadest possible participation of Russian experts in the investigation of the plane crash,"" the Kremlin statement said.

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry spoke to Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov to express his condolences and offer American assistance if needed, according to the State Department.

The Russian emergency ministry said it was sending five planes to the area to help with possible rescues and the investigation. And Russia opened a hotline for relatives, many of whom gathered at the airport in St. Petersburg, where they had expected their loved ones to arrive.

About 115 relatives have given DNA samples to help identify the victims.

At a St. Petersburg airport terminal, a makeshift shrine was set up for those who perished, with roses, candles and stuffed animals.

Airbus, the plane's maker, issued a statement on Twitter: ""We are aware of the media reports,"" the tweet reads. ""Efforts are now going towards assessing the situation. We'll provide more information as soon as available.""",1
886,What do voters see in Trump? His authentic phoniness.,"The chances of Donald Trump becoming the Republican nominee for president have gone from impossible to probable, while Hillary Clinton’s chances of being the Democrat have moved from likely to virtually certain. So, barring more surprises, it’s probably going to be Hillary vs. The Donald in the fall.

There is no mystery about Clinton. Those who support her as well as those who oppose her have little trouble explaining why. Trump is another matter. No one I know would even consider voting for Trump. So who are all these millions who support him? Why, they are working-class white men, we are told, who feel betrayed by the failure of both parties to deal with stagnant incomes, growing debts and shrinking possibilities for their retirements and their childrens’ futures.

It’s a plausible theory. And it may help to explain Bernie Sanders. But no one has ever associated Trump with these blue-collar issues. How has he become the tribune of the people in this election? Is he just the one who got there first?

The explanation is not so difficult. In the opening paragraph of his novel “Ravelstein,” Saul Bellow writes, “Anyone who wants to govern the country has to entertain it.” Clinton has been called many things, but “entertaining” is not one of them. This is not the case with Trump, who is an authentic American character like something out of Mark Twain. All the other candidates except Sanders had the character squeezed out of them when they decided they wanted to be president. Trump’s a phony of course (not to mention a racist), but his phoniness is authentic. He’s self-made — not in the financial sense, but characterologically.

And what a character! You always want to know what he will say or do next. To be sure, it’s not really the president’s job to keep the citizenry entertained, although voting on the basis of entertainment value is not entirely irrational, given that entertainment is the main benefit you’re likely to get from our political system. Anyway, not knowing what he’ll do next does have its charms, and they go beyond entertainment.

During the nuclear standoff of the 1960s and 1970s, Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger took advantage of a doctrine out of the branch of economics known as game theory, which holds that sometimes it pays to be — or at least to be perceived to be — crazy. No rational person would ever start a nuclear war. So the one who can get the other side to back down in any future nuclear standoff is the one who convinces the world that he or she is more irrational. Vladimir Putin has done a pretty good job here, you have to admit. Imagine Putin and any of the American presidential candidates facing each other across the nuclear divide, each threatening to push the button unless their demands are met. Which of the Americans is crazy enough to actually do it?

When Barack Obama proposes something, you know it’s been analyzed and balanced and weighed against the alternatives, tested in the laboratory and found to be a reasonable solution given the limitations and under the circumstances. When Trump faces some similar challenge, you don’t know what he’s going to say or do. And if he says he’s going to do something crazy, like get the Mexicans to pay for a wall across their own country to keep themselves out of ours, you can’t be sure he won’t actually try to do it.

It’s clear now that the title of Trump’s book “The Art of the Deal ” actually reflects a philosophy of life: Trump believes that everything in life is a negotiation, a deal, and he believes that making deals uses skills that he has and his rivals lack. This is why he may even have been sincere in his puzzlement about why the media has been so insistent that he reveal his tax returns. Paying taxes, like so much else in life, is a negotiation — at least at Trump’s level. And why would you give your opponent a major document, whether it reveals misbehavior or not? What is misbehavior, for that matter? It’s all up for negotiation.

People (read: liberals) are afraid of what Trump might do as president. All this silly talk about moving to Canada. But the thing to really worry about in a Trump presidency is what happens a couple of years from now, when people who have invested their hopes in Trump and his magic tricks discover that he is not the Wizard of Oz but rather the man behind the curtain.",1
559,How Common Core quietly won the war,Argentine president Mauricio Macri's office rebutting a report from an Argentinian journalist that set off waves in the American media.,1
1739,The rest of the field figured out how to make Trump not quite as dominant,"Something unusual happened here Wednesday when the Republican presidential candidates met for their second debate: For the first time since he joined the race, Donald Trump wasn’t the commanding presence on the stage.

Not that Trump wasn’t the Trump whom Americans have seen nonstop on cable television. Among the first words out of his mouth was a personal and unprovoked attack on Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul. He sparred at times angrily with Carly Fiorina over who was the better business executive. He and Jeb Bush, standing next to each other, had repeated exchanges.

But at other times, particularly when the discussion shifted from what Trump has said about the others to issues of domestic and foreign policy, the candidate who has dominated the summer and leads the polls was far less a force.

Unlike the debate in Cleveland last month, the other candidates arrived with no illusions about Trump’s candidacy — they take him seriously now — or the need for them to step up and show their own mettle, both in challenging Trump and in displaying their own attributes, records and character.

Over three hours of lively, entertaining and at times angry debate, Trump was put on the defensive as much as he tried to stay on the offensive. Whether that will change the course of the nomination battle won’t be known for some weeks. After the last debate, despite missteps, Trump rose rather than fell. But Wednesday showed that his rivals are ready to engage him, when necessary, both from long distance and to his face.

This was billed in advance as the debate that would highlight the current state of the Republican race, one in which the outsiders — Trump, Ben Carson and Fiorina — enjoy more than 50 percent of support against the insiders — the eight current or former elected politicians. Instead, it became a classic of debates past — poke the front-runner. It was Trump against the field, or rather the field against Trump.

The ebb and flow of the debate, guided by CNN’s Jake Tapper with the help of CNN’s Dana Bash and conservative radio talk show host Hugh Hewitt, oscillated between personal exchanges, many of them with Trump involved, and discussions of issues.

When immigration came to the fore, Trump was at the center of the debate, defending his hard-line stance that calls for deporting the millions of undocumented immigrants and challenging the 14th Amendment over the issue of birthright citizenship.

Bush fired back at him over those proposals. He invoked Ronald Reagan’s optimistic vision in contrast to what he said was Trump’s approach “that everything is coming to an end.” He said Trump’s proposals would cost hundreds of billions of dollars and tear families and communities apart. Trump disputed Bush’s comment that those who have come illegally came out of an act of love. “This is not an act of love. He’s weak on immigration. He doesn’t get my vote.”

Trump and Fiorina clashed memorably several times. Once was over their business records, and it was as pointed and sharp as any during the evening. He accused her of running Hewlett-Packard into the ground. She accused him of running up “mountains of debt” and filing for bankruptcy four times.

The other exchange, one everyone was waiting for, came when Fiorina was asked about Trump’s comment, captured in a Rolling Stone profile, denigrating her looks by saying, “Look at that face!”

Trump had earlier explained that he was talking about her “persona,” not her looks. Asked about that, Fiorina said acidly, “I think women all over this country heard very clearly what Mr. Trump said.” The audience responded with one of the biggest rounds of applause of the night. Trump’s response: “She’s got a beautiful face, and I think she’s a beautiful woman.”

Fiorina was the new addition to the main debate stage, after her performance in the undercard debate in Cleveland, and she came with the clear intention of making a memorable impression. She got another applause-meter moment with a ringing statement about Planned Parenthood and sought to project strength and confidence surrounded by 10 men in suits and ties.

At times, others stepped forward. Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, in danger after seeing his poll numbers plummet nationally and, critically, in Iowa, leapt into the conversation when the question on the table was whether Trump could be trusted with his hand on the nuclear codes. “We don’t need an apprentice in the White House,” Walker said. “We have one right now. . . . We don’t know who you are or where you’re going.”

One reason Trump seemed a less commanding presence was that on some issues, he offered little substance beyond reassurances that he would be strong and tough, a negotiator par excellence and someone who would grasp the complexities of national security issues as president — and would find experts to help him.

Challenged on how he would deal with the Russians putting military resources into Syria, he said he would know how to get along with Russian President Vladimir Putin, an answer that others seemed to find unsatisfying.

Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, who displayed his fluidity with foreign policy, challenged him implicitly on how much he knew about the world, saying he would be happy to have a longer discussion of the issues to see the depth of Trump’s knowledge.

Rubio wasn’t the only one who had a moment. Ohio Gov. John Kasich and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz sparred over what to do with the Iran nuclear deal. Paul expressed his support for diplomacy over war in dealing with Iran.

New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie upbraided Trump and Fiorina for talking about their business records and said the candidates should instead focus on the lives of middle-class Americans.

Carson, the retired neurosurgeon, displayed the same low-key, sober demeanor that has found a growing audience over the past six weeks. And near the end, he showed humor, when he tweaked Trump for having called him “an okay doctor.” After Trump had spoken about vaccinations, Tapper asked Carson for his view of Trump’s ideas. “He’s an okay doctor,” Carson said.

Former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee defended his strong support for Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis for her resistance to giving marriage licenses to same-sex couples.

The prelude to Wednesday’s debate was strikingly different than the buildup before Cleveland. Then, many of the other candidates still were clinging to the belief — or hope — that Trump would quickly burn himself out, that his candidacy would prove a short-lived, if entertaining, sideshow.

By this month, that belief had disappeared. Trump’s continued strength atop the Republican field has forced all the others to rethink his potential and its impact on their hopes of winning the nomination. Some still believe he will sink under his own weight, and if they were not prepared to abandon their original strategies, they recognized that they had to make adjustments.

Last month’s debate in Cleveland marked the beginning of the end of a long exhibition season. Wednesday’s forum at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library signaled a turn to the post-Labor Day phase of the campaign that, historically, brings more intensive campaigning, more debates, sharper engagement and heightened stakes for the candidates.

It was clear throughout the evening that everyone on the stage understood what’s now at stake. Trump may continue to dominate the polls, but if Wednesday’s debate was any indication, he can expect a bumpier ride in the weeks and months ahead.",1
3296,Trade bill clears Senate hurdle,"The 62-38 vote to end debate on the bill, moving it toward a final vote, was a victory for Obama, who had linked with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Kentucky, to push the bill despite opposition from Senate Democratic leaders.

""This last vote was a major step forward on this important legislation,"" said Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch, a Republican who sponsored the bill.

The Senate is now set to vote on changes to the bill, including one that would force the Obama administration to use trade deals to crack down on countries that manipulate the value of their currencies to give their exports a price advantage in the United States — an amendment the White House opposes because it would add a huge new complication into trade negotiations.

Even though Senate passage is ultimately now much more likely, the House could be tougher. There, tea party conservatives are linking up with liberals to form a broader populist opposition than what existed in the Senate.

The measure would hand the President six years' worth of ""trade promotion authority"" — the power to submit trade deals to Congress for an up-or-down vote with limited debate and no amendments. It's considered crucial to finalizing the 12-country Trans-Pacific Partnership, a massive trade deal that serves as the economic underpinning of Obama's ""Asia pivot."" It would link 40% of the world's economy, including the United States, Japan, Australia, Canada and Mexico. The trade deal has launched an obscure commerce policy discussion into a fiery political battle that has positioned the President at odds with most of his party, particularly Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, and driven a wedge between the Democratic presidential front-runner, Hillary Clinton, and her primary challengers. The Senate is also looking to dispense with the trade votes to move forward and take up bills to reform or reauthorize the Patriot Act, an issue that considers to deeply divide the Senate and Republicans on Capitol Hill. The House overwhelmingly passed the USA Freedom Act, a bipartisan bill to reform the Patriot Act and effectively end the National Security Agency's bulk collection of phone data on millions of Americans. And while that bill was the result of a compromise between reform advocates and House Republican leadership, the bill is facing tough opposition in the Senate from powerful Republicans like McConnell, though the majority leader has vowed to allow a vote on the reform measure. He is pushing a competing bill to reauthorize the expiring Patriot Act provisions without any reforms.",1
4941,"Trump makes biggest ad buy to date, hammers Clinton on economy","Donald Trump’s campaign is planning to drop up to $10 million on its biggest ad buy to date, hammering Democratic rival Hillary Clinton on her economic proposals in a slew of battleground states.

The Republican nominee is trying to make up for lost time in the ad wars, after being significantly outspent by Clinton on that front over the summer. But he’s also kept an active campaign schedule over the past week as his Democratic opponent mostly has stayed off the trail.

With its latest ad buy, the Trump campaign plans to cover nine battleground states.

They are: Ohio, Pennsylvania, North Carolina and Florida, where the campaign has already been on the air, along with New Hampshire, Virginia, Iowa, Colorado and Nevada.

His campaign’s second general election ad, unveiled Monday, hits Clinton on economic issues, claiming the middle-class would be “crushed” under a Clinton presidency amid tax increases and more spending.

“It’s more of the same, but worse,” the narrator says. “In Donald Trump’s America, working families get tax relief. Millions of new jobs created. Wages go up. … Change that makes America great again.”

Trump has so far been badly outspent by Clinton and groups supporting her. Since clinching her party's nomination in early June, Clinton has spent more than $77 million on television and radio advertising, largely targeting voters in battleground states, according to Kantar Media's political ad tracker.

Trump finally hit the airwaves earlier this month with his first ad, focused on immigration, and so far has only spent about $5 million.

Amid conflicting signals over his latest immigration platform, Trump now says he’ll deliver a detailed speech Wednesday on his proposal to crack down on illegal immigration.

The announcement came late Sunday in a tweet by the Republican presidential nominee after days of wavering -- and at least one canceled speech -- on a question central to his campaign: Whether he would, as he said in November, use a ""deportation force"" to eject the estimated 11 million people in the U.S. illegally.

Trump's immigration speech in Arizona will come after he and Clinton spent last week trading accusations on racial issues. Trump called Clinton ""a bigot;"" Clinton accused Trump of allowing hate groups to take over the Republican Party.

Clinton is starting this week by announcing her proposals for dealing with mental health issues. She is stressing the need to fully integrate mental health services into the U.S. health care system. Her plan stresses early diagnosis and intervention and calls for a national initiative for suicide prevention.

“Donald Trump’s reckless approach to business has devastated working families and communities. He will do and say whatever is in his interest, even if it means swindling working families to make millions for himself,"" Campaign Deputy Communications Director Christina Reynolds said in a statement. ""Now Trump is promising the same reckless, self-centered approach to running the country’s economy – with large tax breaks for the wealthy, and a plan that independent experts say would cost millions of jobs.""

Late Sunday, America's only African-American owned and operated national Christian television network also announced that its president and CEO, Bishop Wayne T. Jackson, would interview the Republican nominee Saturday in Detroit.

This comes as the Republican’s campaign vows the candidate, who has been appealing lately to minority voters for support, plans to go into African-American communities to seek their vote.

The new investment in advertising comes amid signs that Trump's lagging poll numbers may be improving against Clinton's following a campaign reboot.

Trump senior communications adviser Jason Miller said in a statement that the billionaire businessman's ""positive message of economic opportunity is working and we see the national and battleground state polls all moving in the right direction.""

""With Hillary Clinton off the campaign trail yet again this week and continuing to take many communities' votes for granted, we see this as the right time to show voters the benefits of an American economy under the leadership of Mr. Trump,"" he added.

Clinton will be spending much of the week in private fundraisers in the Hamptons, the wealthy enclaves of eastern Long Island, New York.

Fox News’ Nicholas Kalman and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2383,McConnell Promises 9/11 First Responders Will Get Healthcare Bill,"McConnell said Congress will not leave for the holidays until there's a deal.The Senate and House earlier in the week passed a five-day extension, pushing the deadline for a final budget agreement to the middle of next week.""We're certainly going to finish, both that and the tax bill,"" McConnell told Politico.Former ""Daily Show"" host Stewart targeted McConnell during a guest appearance on his former show on Monday. Stewart also pushed for the legislation by impersonating GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump in bit on ""The Late Show With Stephen Colbert.""",1
631,"Trump, and what he might say next, is burning up GOPs political capital in Washington","Doesn’t mean we go around committing hate crimes

-- “Everyone’s A Little Bit Racist” from the Tony award winning Broadway musical “Avenue Q”

Congressional Republicans might not be capable of directly measuring their tolerance of Donald Trump. But there is certainly a metric that helps them gauge the amount.

Most Republicans have gone along grudgingly with Trump -- if they support the presumptive presidential nominee at all. Some of those lawmakers are now reviewing that political quotient as they wonder what Trump might say next.

They ponder how many more times they’ll have to condemn Trump’s remarks. They ask themselves if they’ll again have to awkwardly criticize Trump’s comments about a judge or women or Muslims -- yet reaffirm allegiance to him in the next breath.

Only Trump knows what lies in his heart when it comes to race, ethnicity and religion. But some of his comments give people pause and perhaps make them think of the lyrics in the Avenue Q tune. No, Trump doesn’t “go around committing hate crimes.” But his comments certainly sound “a little bit racist” to some and “a lotta bit racist” to others.

House Rules Committee Chairman Pete Sessions, R-Texas, says he’ll vote for Trump. But he adds that Trump needs to alter his rhetoric. And if Trump keeps it up?

“It causes a lot of us to think,” Sessions responded.

Senate Republican Conference Chairman John Thune, South Dakota, said Trump’s “going to have to adapt. … This is not working for him.”

This has been an unconventional election year because it flips political norms on their ear. But political capital still exists and isn’t unlimited.

Republicans cannot repeatedly find themselves crossways with the top of their ticket, blasting Trump’s provocative language yet failing to disavow that person and their ideals. Political capital is fungible, and some of Republicans could see their own stock plunge if they are linked too closely to Trump.

“I’m not going to be sucked into talking about Trump 24/7,” protested Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn, R-Texas, when asked about the Trump’s views that federal Judge Gonzalo Curiel is incapable of fairly adjudicating a lawsuit involving Trump University because he is “Mexican.”

Never mind that Curiel was born in Indiana to Hispanic parents.

Cornyn says Republicans should focus instead on policy and the issues. But try as they might, the GOP fights a powerful political news vacuum that insists on focusing on Trump and his missteps “24/7.”

At the Senate Republican leadership press conference Tuesday afternoon, just outside the Senate chamber, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell spoke about plans to finish a defense bill this week (which didn’t happen).

The leader mentioned opioid and energy measures. Cornyn then spoke about defense and North Korea. Thune cited the Iran nuclear deal and ISIS. Sen. John Barrasso, R-Wyoming, discussed the economy and job numbers.

And then reporters ignored the leadership boilerplate and asked four consecutive questions about Trump.

“I’m going to let you all try one more time,” beseeched an exasperated McConnell to the press corps.

Naturally, journalists fired a fifth sidewinder interrogative at McConnell about Trump’s invective “overshadowing” the GOP agenda and the ability of Congress to legislate.

“OK. I’m going to wrap it up with this,” huffed McConnell, who turned his ire on Trump. “It’s time to quit attacking various people that you competed with or various minority groups in the country and get on message. He has an opportunity to do that. This election is eminently winnable.”

“We’re all anxious to hear what he might say next,” said the Kentucky Republican.

House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., didn’t fare much better when he spoke Tuesday in inner-city Washington at an event rolling out the GOP’s anti-poverty plan.

Naturally, the first question focused on Trump, forcing the speaker to characterize the remarks about Curiel as “the textbook definition of a racist comment.”

One Republican lawmaker hit the ceiling with Trump earlier in the week.

Sen. Mark Kirk, R-Ill., faces perhaps the most-challenging re-election campaign of any GOP senator this fall.

Kirk this week dropped his support for Trump. He said the first-time candidate and billionaire businessman “has not demonstrated the temperament necessary to be president.”

Kirk also said he wouldn’t support Hillary Clinton for president. When asked who he might back, Kirk initially said “no one” before quickly adding he would “write-in David Petraeus.”

Trump then published a statement that failed to extinguish the flames on the Curiel comments. Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., doesn’t support Trump. The new statement vexed the senator.

“This is a new level,” Flake said. “He needs to retract.”

A reporter asked Flake whether he thought Trump had sufficiently “walked back” the Curiel remarks.

Not all congressional Republicans are able or willing to tell Trump to take a hike.

Rep. Lee Zeldin, R-N.Y., says Trump would throttle Clinton in his district on eastern Long Island. Zeldin wants reporters to focus on the issues and not Trump’s words.

“It’s a disservice for any presidential campaign and those following it who is not doing a deep dive on substantive issues,” argued Zeldin.

But it was Zeldin who found himself crossways in a CNN interview about his own word choice.

“You can easily argue that the president of the United States is a racist with his policies and rhetoric,” he said.

When confronted by reporters in a congressional hallway the next day, Zeldin wanted to revert to substantive issues.

“There’s a lot more to this presidential race then just analyzing what the most provocative thing of the day was said,” Zeldin said.

Sen. David Perdue, R-Ga., defended Trump when reporters asked whether the candidate’s statements disqualified him for president.

Reporters pressed Perdue on whether Trump’s comments could wound him with voters.

“People back home aren’t worried about that,” said Perdue, noting that he disagreed with Trump’s “tonality.”

Tone is indeed an issue for Trump. And as McConnell and even Zeldin suggested, so is substance.

After the weekly Capitol Hill huddle of the pro-Trump caucus Thursday morning, Rep. Chris Collins, R-N.Y., remarked that Trump would “be on message on policy.

He’s going to take the fight to Hillary Clinton.” Collins also asserted “we’re going to be disciplined.”

Exiting the same session, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, R-Ga., said that Trump was now playing ball in “a much tougher league.”

“You’ve got to be more careful and you’ve got to think through

 what you’re going to say,” he said.

Within hours, Trump reverted to name-calling. He upbraided Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., and called her “Pocahontas,” referring to a 2012 dispute about whether she has Native American roots.

Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, had an idea on how to fix things for Trump.

“You folks in the media need to give him a little more leeway,” suggested Hatch, third in line to the presidency as the Senate’s resident pro tempore.

Sen Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., isn’t supporting Trump. He argues there’s a limited threshold for how much political capital some GOPers are willing to burn if Trump continues the trash talk.

“If he keeps doing this he’s really dishonoring that support,” Graham said.

That’s the political risk Trump poses to his own supporters -- especially in Republicans in Congress.

Lawmakers don’t want the public to perceive them like someone out of Avenue Q. As the song goes, no one’s going around “committing hate crimes.”

But if Trump continues the rhetoric, lawmakers worry voters could label Republicans “a little bit racist.”",1
341,Robert Durst on HBO’s ‘The Jinx': I ‘killed them all.’,"From the moment the HBO series “The Jinx” made its debut, it has been called “the new ‘Serial.'” Both the series and the podcast are about unsolved murders. Both let viewers into the process of uncovering what happened. Both tell stories so compelling, it’s easy to sometimes forget the characters are real.

But on Saturday, HBO achieved something “Serial” never could. The subject of its six-episode documentary “The Jinx: The Life and Deaths of Robert Durst” has been arrested.

Robert Durst, a New York real-estate heir, is known for his alleged connection to three deaths: his wife, who went missing in 1982; his neighbor, who was dismembered in 2001; and a close friend, who was shot in the head in 2000. Until Saturday, the 71-year-old has walked free.

On March 8, HBO aired the fifth and penultimate episode of “The Jinx,” which included a previously uncovered piece of evidence. On the eve of the finale, Durst was arrested in New Orleans in connection to the murder of his friend, Susan Berman, a little more than 14 years ago. Sunday night, the final episode aired. In its closing minutes, Durst says, “What the hell did I do? Killed them all, of course.”

He was not speaking to the camera and was seemingly unaware his words were being recorded — but he had left his microphone on while using the bathroom.

[‘The Jinx’ director says he gave authorities the ‘killed them all’ audio months ago]

Earlier in the day, Durst’s attorney, Chip Lewis, told The Post: “He’s maintained his innocence for 10 years now. Nothing has changed.” It is unclear whether Lewis knew about Durst’s bathroom comments, or whether the recording will be admissible in court.

The attorney accused prosecutors and the documentary’s director, Andrew Jarecki, of timing the arrest as a publicity stunt for the last episode. In January, Jarecki all but promised TV critics and reporters that the “The Jinx” would end with a satisfying conclusion — something many thought “Serial” lacked because host Sarah Koenig ended the podcast with no concrete theory. The widely publicized arrest and the audio of what could be interpreted as a confession surely fits the bar he set.

Durst has been a willing participant in the series that may have brought about his downfall. He spent more than 20 hours in interviews with filmmaker Jarecki, who has been researching Durst for eight years. Jarecki’s 2010 film “All Good Things” was a fictionalized version of the Durst story, in which Ryan Gosling played a somewhat-empathetic version of a killer.

In an interview with the Los Angeles Times, Jarecki said that Durst came to him after seeing the film, admitting it made him cry three times. The two have been working together ever since, with Durst agreeing to let Jarecki ask any question.

It wasn’t a question that led to the arrest, however. In an episode titled “Family Values,” the filmmakers met with the stepson of Berman, Durst’s friend who was found dead on Christmas Eve, 2000. Police were led to her body by a letter that told them of a “cadaver” at her address.

That letter was addressed “Beverley Hills Police” in block letters. Beverly is misspelled.

At the end of episode five, Berman’s stepson shows the filmmakers a letter from Durst to Berman from the March before she was murdered. On the envelope, Durst wrote Berman’s address in block letters. He spelled “Beverly” as “Beverley.”

Durst had known Berman, a writer and daughter of a known Las Vegas mobster, since they met at the University of California in the 1960s. When Durst’s wife Kathie went missing in from their house in New York in 1982, Berman asserted Durst’s innocence to the media. In the series, Jarecki seems to be hinting that Berman helped Durst hide Kathie’s body.

He asks Durst about his habit of making collect calls to his family company, the Durst Organization. Soon after Kathie went missing, a number of collect calls were made to the company from an area known as the Pine Barrens in New Jersey. This heavily-wooded land had the reputation of being a dumping ground for the bodies of Mafia victims.

“And what connection is that?” asks Kevin Hynes, the assistant district attorney on the case. “Well, Susan Berman who was very friendly with [Durst] at the time, had a lot of connections and a lot of friends in organized crime.”

The filmmakers take you to the places Durst might have been, like the Pine Barrens, and what they can’t show you live footage of, they recreate. Durst appears on screen to rebut theories and allegations. Wearing a grey cable sweater and khaki pants, he nearly always speaks calmly, like an eccentric 71-year-old man recounting an old story, not a man from one of the richest families in New York trying to convince you he’s not a triple-murderer.

Until the final episode, Durst has maintained in the series that he did not kill his wife and does not know where her body is. The camera crew had already packed up from the day’s interviewing but the recorder kept rolling as Durst went to the bathroom.

It appears he was talking to himself, making comments that included: “There it is, you’re caught. You’re right of course, but you can’t imagine. Arrest him. . . . What a disaster. . . .I’m having difficulty with the question.” Then follows the “I killed them all” line.

Filmmakers told the New York Times they didn’t find the recording for more than two years.

Durst admitted to killing one of the three persons that “them all” could inlude: his 71-year-old neighbor, Morris Black. In 2001, Durst was living in Galveston, Texas, dressing as a female to avoid media attention about the reopened investigation of his wife’s disappearance.

He testified that his neighbor, who he was friends with for a time, sneaked into his apartment. When a scuffle occurred between the two men, Durst shot his neighbor accidentally in self-defense. He then “panicked,” cut up the body with a bow saw and dumped it into Galveston Bay. Black’s head was never found.

After four days of deliberation, the jury acquitted Durst.

Judge Susan Criss, who oversaw the Galveston trial, told The Post Sunday she could not be more thrilled that Durst was arrested. “Presiding over that trial was like watching a slow train wreck. The prosecution dropped the ball every step of the way and the defense came prepared,” Criss said.



Durst was eerily calm, the judge said, and there were times when he even seemed charming. She thinks she was dealing with an exceptionally cunning serial killer, a man made all the more dangerous by his financial resources.

“I saw the pictures of the cut up body,” she said. “That body was cut up like it had been done by a surgeon. He knew what sort of tool to use for this bone and that muscle. It would have been impossible for someone to do that if it was their first murder attempt. That is a cold, calculating act.”

The Durst Organization, his family’s prominent real estate company, also applauded the arrest. In a statement to CNBC, Durst’s brother Douglas said, “We are relieved and also grateful to everyone who assisted in the arrest of Robert Durst. We hope he will finally be held accountable for all he has done.”

Durst has been estranged from his family for years: when his father cut him out of the line of succession for the family’s real estate empire in 1994, Durst is said to have urinated in his uncle’s waste basket.

His penchant for theatrics might be what drove Durst to allow — and assist —  Jarecki in publicly dissecting his life.

“He has a compulsion to tell his story, and frankly I think he enjoys the feeling of being at risk,” the filmmaker told the Los Angeles Times in February. “He knows that this is a very live ball, that he hasn’t been prosecuted for two of the three murders that he’s been accused of.”

“We simply cannot say enough about the brilliant job that Andrew Jarecki and [producer] Marc Smerling did in producing The Jinx,” HBO said in a statement. “Years in the making, their thorough research and dogged reporting reignited interest in Robert Durst’s story with the public and law enforcement.”

Coincidence or not, there’s no doubt the timing of Durst’s arrest will lead to a surge in viewers for “The Jinx.” The accused himself, meanwhile, will be sitting in a New Orleans jail cell or on his way back to California to face the murder charge.

“We’ll saddle up and head west,” Durst’s lawyer said. “And handle this one just like we did this last one.”",1
3491,What liberals could learn from Ted Cruz’s flat tax,"Ted Cruz has developed a reputation as the most conservative of the major 2016 Republican presidential candidates, but he hasn't taken many specific policy positions to earn that moniker. One exception? His longtime support for a flat tax.

The flat tax dramatically lowers the top tax rate and exempts capital gains and dividends from taxation. It's astonishingly regressive: the rich pay far less, hedge fund managers and private equity types like Mitt Romney would pay literally nothing, and while the exact rate varies from plan to plan, it's certainly not going to be as low as 10 or 15 percent, meaning the plan would likely raise taxes for middle-class people currently in those brackets.

Cruz's flat tax proposal, as you would expect, drives liberals crazy. ""It's a fiscal fantasy for people who wish the US existed as it did before FDR was president,"" writes Wonkblog's Matt O'Brien. ""It's not an agenda for anyone who's interested in governing the country as it is today.""

But liberals should take at least some of the ideas in the flat tax more seriously. Just as a monomaniacal obsession with growth has made conservative tax policy into a regressive disaster, an obsession with progressivity above all else is becoming an anchor on progressive tax thinking. It's easy to come up with a flat tax–like plan that's not crazily regressive but still benefits the economy, and the result would be substantially better than most of the tax plans Democratic politicians promote.

When thinking about tax policy, you first have to ask what you ultimately want the taxes for. Sometimes — as with alcohol or carbon taxes — the tax does good in and of itself by deterring people from bad behaviors. But mostly you want taxes to pay for worthwhile programs, and liberals in particular need a tax policy that can raise a substantial amount of money to fund a large welfare state. And the experience of most European social democracies is that to do that, you can't just soak the rich. You need broad-based consumption taxes, such as value-added taxes (VATs), that everyone pays.

In his book Growing Public, economic historian Peter Lindert notes that high-budget welfare states in general tax investment income less and consumption more. His argument is that European social democrats realized that income taxes of the scale they'd need to fund a comprehensive welfare state would have a deleterious effect on growth, and that the only way to sustainably pay for universal health care, generous education and pension systems, and so forth is to move toward more broad-based, pro-growth tax schemes.

Which brings us back to Ted Cruz's flat tax.

The term ""flat tax"" is mostly misleading. It makes people think the flat tax is just an income tax, but with one rate instead of many. It's not, really. Rather, it's a kind of consumption tax — very similar to a VAT of the kind social democracies depend upon.

VATs work by taxing the difference between what a company paid on materials to make a product and what it sells that end product for: the value added, in other words. As the Tax Policy Center's Len Burman explains, the corporate tax side of a flat tax is just a VAT that also lets companies deduct the cost of wages. Individuals then pay taxes on those wages themselves.

Economists tend to find that consumption taxes are better for the economy than income taxes, because income taxes discriminate against savers.

To see why, imagine you make $50,000 in wages and there's a flat 20 percent tax on all income. You'd pay $10,000 in taxes on your wages. That leaves you with $40,000.

Now you've got a decision to make: do you want to take $5,000 of the $40,000 you have left and invest it, or do you want to take that $5,000 and spend it on a really awesome television? If you invest it and make money off the stocks, then the thing you bought with your money — the profits those stocks made for you — will get taxed again. If you just buy the TV, the government doesn't tax you a second time.

Under standard economic models, eliminating this double-taxing of savings promotes investment and thus boosts economic growth. And it's not just conservatives and libertarians arguing this; a highly influential model by Anthony Atkinson and Joseph Stiglitz, both noted lefties, gives this result. A widely cited 2001 paper by David Altig, Alan Auerbach, Lawrence Kotlikoff, Kent Smetters, and Jan Walliser estimates that switching from income taxation to consumption taxation boosts growth in the long run by 1.9 to 9.4 percent, depending on how you do it.

The empirical evidence is murkier. UC Berkeley's Danny Yagan found that the 2003 dividend tax cut — meant to reduce double taxation of savings, just like consumption taxes — didn't do anything to help the economy. But a recent paper by Tulane's James Alm and the IMF's Asmaa El-Ganainy found that in 15 EU countries, increases in VAT rates decreased consumption and boosted savings — exactly the result you get from the models. The matter isn't open and shut, but at the moment the weight of the evidence suggests consumption taxes are preferable for growth. That gives credence to Lindert's argument that to raise taxes enough to fund a welfare state without hurting growth too much, you need to move to consumption taxation.

The problem with consumption taxes is that they're usually regressive. VATs are sales taxes: they make everything more expensive by a set percentage, and because poor and middle-class people spend more of their incomes than the rich do, the end result is that the VAT hits them more than it does the rich. But there are a variety of ways to tax consumption without making the poor worse off.

The simplest way would be to do take a flat tax but make it not, y'know, flat. Recall that the main feature of the flat tax is its business component — again, it's like a VAT that subtracts out wages. It's totally possible to pair that with a progressive tax on wages, rather than a flat tax on wages. The result is still a consumption tax, but it's a progressive one.

This idea — known as the X tax and originated by the late Princeton economist David Bradford — has been promoted in recent years by the American Enterprise Institute tax expert Alan Viard, who along with Robert Carroll wrote an excellent book outlining a detailed X tax proposal. The 2001 simulation by Altig et al. found that replacing the income tax with an X tax would be better for growth then even the flat tax.

The big problem with the X tax is that it doesn't touch capital income. Mitt Romney wouldn't pay a thing. So, alternatively, you could simply amend the income tax so that all savings is tax-deductible. This would effectively turn the income tax into a consumption tax, and do it in a way that makes sure capital income still gets hit.

But the most reliable way to make a consumption tax progressive has nothing to do with the tax itself and everything to do with what the money it generates is used for. Europe's flat VATs are not themselves progressive, the way an X tax or personal consumption tax are, but they pay for transfer payments that are larger, relative to income, for lower- and middle-class people than for the rich. The overall system is progressive even if the tax isn't.

So there's a way to change the tax and transfer system so that it's still progressive but doesn't punish savings, and the change would likely boost economic growth. Why aren't Democratic politicians jumping all over this?

They flirt with the idea occasionally. Then–House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) stated that a VAT was ""on the table"" for funding health-care reform in 2009. President Obama expressed openness to the idea in 2010 after his adviser Paul Volcker signaled support. Volcker's comments provoked Congressional outrage, and the Senate voted 85–13 to condemn the idea as ""a massive tax increase that will cripple families on fixed income,"" but all but one of the 13 senators opposing that move were Democrats.

But years of Republicans promoting flat taxes and sales taxes have left a residual distrust for consumption taxation among liberals. More to the point, supply-siders' insistence that marginal tax rates are the main determinant of the course of human history has done a lot to discredit, among liberals, the idea that taxes have much of an effect on growth at all.

That's fair so far as the recent debates in American tax policy go: the idea that cutting the top tax rate from 39.6 percent to 35 percent could boost growth by any significant amount is nutty, as are claims that big tax cuts like Ted Cruz's or Marco Rubio's would boost growth so much they'd pay for themselves. But the result of the backlash is that progressivity has become the only criterion by which many left-of-center people judge tax proposals, and more credible cases that tax reform could boost growth are ignored. That's really too bad, especially for those who want a dramatically larger welfare state. Realistically, that increase has to be paid for, and consumption taxes are the obvious way to do it.

To quote Paul Krugman, ""if I can trade a somewhat regressive VAT for guarantees of decent retirement and universal health care, I’ll take it.""

Correction: This post originally said that all 13 senators opposing an anti-VAT amendment were Democrats. Twelve were; the 13th was then–Sen. George Voinovich (R-OH).",1
1584,Trump again won’t rule out a third-party run,"Donald Trump is not ruling out a run for president as an independent if things go south for the front-runner in the Republican race.

""I'm going to have to see what happens,"" he told George Stephanopoulos in an interview that aired Sunday on ABC's ""This Week."" ""I will see what happens. I have to be treated fairly.""

Trump was responding to a Wall Street Journal report that Republican operatives are considering banding together donors from the other GOP campaigns in a bid to knock Trump off the top spot.

Their efforts are taking on increased urgency as the first-in-the-nation Feb. 1 Iowa caucuses near and Trump leads the crowded GOP field for the fourth consecutive month, according to a new national Washington Post-ABC News poll. Some candidates, including Ohio Gov. John Kasich and former Florida governor Jeb Bush, also are showing more willingness lately to directly attack Trump.

On Sunday, Trump said his measure of whether he would support the eventual GOP nominee is whether he is treated ""fairly"" in the campaign, a line he often uses when talking about a third-party run.

""When I did this, I said I have to be treated fairly,"" Trump told Stephanopoulos. ""If I’m treated fairly, I’m fine. All I want to do is [have] a level playing field.""

Trump has given competing signals throughout the campaign about whether he would run as a third-party candidate. He didn't raise his hand in the Republican Party's first presidential debate, in August, when moderators asked the candidates whether they would pledge to support the eventual GOP nominee. But in September, Trump signed a pledge saying he would support the eventual nominee — instead of opposing him or her in a third-party run.

If Republican operatives succeed in knocking Trump off his perch, their plan could backfire if he then runs as an independent.

A July Washington Post-ABC News poll found that in a hypothetical general election matchup between Bush and Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton, Clinton led 50 percent to 44 percent. But throw a third-party Trump run into the mix, and the poll found that he would tear support away Bush and give Clinton a 16-point lead.",1
4677,Why do people dislike Hillary Clinton? The story goes far back,"There is – and perhaps there always will be – a dedicated group of people who don’t know Hillary Clinton personally, but nonetheless hate her.

Whether they are truly a “vast rightwing conspiracy” (as Clinton called them in 1998) or just many in number and conservative in outlook, there’s no arguing that they exist or that they continue to try to influence public opinion on the Democratic nominee.



But even if people consider themselves savvy enough to reject the strangest conspiracy theories (sample claims include that she is a mass-murderer, a closeted lesbian faking her 40-year marriage, a member of the Illuminati and/or an agent of the devil himself), there seems little doubt that an undercurrent of hostility spanning decades has had an impact upon how she is viewed.

Clinton’s unfavorability rating may not be as low as Donald Trump’s, but in an election year which has frequently degenerated into name-calling, she has attracted invective from both the left and the right. Polls have frequently cited the public view that she is not trusted, while Trump has rallied his supporters with the “Crooked Hillary” epithet.

Her links to Wall Street, her missing emails and her supposed responsibility for the security failures that contributed to the attack on the Benghazi consulate are the ostensible reasons for some deeply personal attacks in 2016. But the roots of hostility towards her go much deeper.

Craig Shirley, a Ronald Reagan biographer and historian who spent decades as a conservative political consultant, said that, when Hillary Clinton arrived in Washington DC as first lady, “she came from Little Rock with a reputation already established” as “such a militant feminist, difficult to deal with”.

He noted that she faced hostility in Arkansas politics and media when Bill Clinton was first elected governor, because she kept her maiden name.“Here she comes, the feminist from Wellesley and Yale,” Shirley explained of the supposedly prevailing attitude of the time, “down to Little Rock and brings her attitudes with her”.

So by the time she arrived on the national stage in 1991, during Bill Clinton’s presidential campaign, the then-still-mostly-male press corps already had an idea of who they understood Hillary Clinton to be – a potential liability to her husband’s political career whose feminism and ambition were a bit unseemly. 



And, as she noted in her first autobiography, she gave them plenty of material with which to support that narrative. First, there was her much-maligned “I’m not sitting here some little woman standing by my man like Tammy Wynette” comment in response to a reporter’s assertion that she and her husband had “some sort of understanding and arrangement” about his infidelity.

Then, her out-of-context “I suppose I could have stayed home and baked cookies” comment, which came in response to attacks, which the Clintons denied, by now-California governor Jerry Brown that she had only been a successful lawyer because her husband had steered business to her firm, implying that she should have confined herself to being a ceremonial first lady.

And then, of course, came the scandals in which she was involved: Whitewater, a money-losing land deal in which she’d invested for their retirement with two friends who managed the investment illegally; and Travelgate, in which she – contrary to the then-normal practice of leaving the business of the White House to the president’s staff – was said to have ordered the firing of the head of the travel office, who coincidentally was popular with the mostly-male White House press corps whose travel he arranged.

The key question raised about Whitewater and Travelgate was not whether Clinton had done anything actually wrong, but whether she had used illegal means to try to keep the media from finding out. The Starr investigation, which eventually resulted in Bill Clinton’s impeachment, found that she had not, but by that time her reputation was established as someone unfriendly to the media who also maybe did not do the right thing.

Shirley conceded that “the press pounded on her” first in Arkansas and then in Washington, but did not believe that affected her relationship with the media, or that it was a driving factor in people’s attitudes towards her. “There’s something about her manner, persona, voice, smirk that just grates on a lot of people,” he said. “People don’t like to be talked down to, and she has a terrible habit of talking down to people, with that smirk.”

However, Elaine Kamarck, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution who served in Bill Clinton’s administration, said she did not think that people’s dislike of Hillary Clinton is her own fault. “This business of people ‘not liking’ her is shaped by expectations, by television, by what we think people in authority ought to look like, and not who she actually is,” she said.



“She is absolutely as likable, or more likable, than many male politicians,” she said. But while it is rare that people will compare a male politician they do not like to their fathers Kamarck noted that Clinton “reminds people of their mothers, or the schoolteacher they didn’t like.” (References to a “nagging wife” and “bitchy wife” are also common.)

“I think there’s some misogyny in that,” said Kamarck, noting that it’s exceedingly common for men who don’t hew to conventional standards of attractiveness to be on television or pursue political careers, while women are more likely to be granted that visibility when they are younger and if they meet traditional beauty standards.

“We will overcome this but, right now, the world is accustomed to saying old men are fine, they’re strong, they’re wise,” she added. “Old women, we’re not so sure.”",1
5181,2016 campaign takes strange twists after Orlando,"Washington (CNN) The ever-turbulent 2016 election is now just plain weird.

The attack on an Orlando gay nightclub -- the worst strike on U.S. soil since 9/11 -- spurred a strange week of politics even by this year's standards.

As always, Donald Trump was at the epicenter of much of the controversy. The presumptive Republican nominee, who opposes same-sex marriage, sought to portray himself as a ""real friend"" of the LGBT community while taking ambiguous positions on gun control that he later seemed to reverse and insinuating President Barack Obama has ulterior motives in responding to terrorism.

After conceding the presidency to Trump in a phone call earlier, Clinton addresses supporters and campaign workers in New York on Wednesday, November 9. Her defeat marked a stunning end to a campaign that appeared poised to make her the first woman elected US president.

Clinton addresses a campaign rally in Cleveland on November 6, two days before Election Day. She went on to lose Ohio -- and the election -- to her Republican opponent, Donald Trump.

Clinton addresses a campaign rally in Cleveland on November 6, two days before Election Day. She went on to lose Ohio -- and the election -- to her Republican opponent, Donald Trump.

Clinton arrives at a 9/11 commemoration ceremony in New York on September 11. Clinton, who was diagnosed with pneumonia two days before, left early after feeling ill. A video appeared to show her stumble as Secret Service agents helped her into a van.

Obama hugs Clinton after he gave a speech at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia. The president said Clinton was ready to be commander in chief. ""For four years, I had a front-row seat to her intelligence, her judgment and her discipline,"" he said, referring to her stint as his secretary of state.

Obama hugs Clinton after he gave a speech at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia. The president said Clinton was ready to be commander in chief. ""For four years, I had a front-row seat to her intelligence, her judgment and her discipline,"" he said, referring to her stint as his secretary of state.

After Clinton became the Democratic Party's presumptive nominee, this photo was posted to her official Twitter account. ""To every little girl who dreams big: Yes, you can be anything you want -- even president,"" Clinton said. ""Tonight is for you.""

After Clinton became the Democratic Party's presumptive nominee, this photo was posted to her official Twitter account. ""To every little girl who dreams big: Yes, you can be anything you want -- even president,"" Clinton said. ""Tonight is for you.""

Clinton walks on her stage with her family after winning the New York primary in April.

Clinton walks on her stage with her family after winning the New York primary in April.

Clinton is reflected in a teleprompter during a campaign rally in Alexandria, Virginia, in October 2015.

Clinton is reflected in a teleprompter during a campaign rally in Alexandria, Virginia, in October 2015.

U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders shares a lighthearted moment with Clinton during a Democratic presidential debate in October 2015. It came after Sanders gave his take on the Clinton email scandal. ""The American people are sick and tired of hearing about the damn emails,"" Sanders said. ""Enough of the emails. Let's talk about the real issues facing the United States of America.""

U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders shares a lighthearted moment with Clinton during a Democratic presidential debate in October 2015. It came after Sanders gave his take on the Clinton email scandal. ""The American people are sick and tired of hearing about the damn emails,"" Sanders said. ""Enough of the emails. Let's talk about the real issues facing the United States of America.""

Clinton testifies about the Benghazi attack during a House committee meeting in October 2015. ""I would imagine I have thought more about what happened than all of you put together,"" she said during the 11-hour hearing. ""I have lost more sleep than all of you put together. I have been wracking my brain about what more could have been done or should have been done."" Months earlier, Clinton had acknowledged a ""systemic breakdown"" as cited by an Accountability Review Board, and she said that her department was taking additional steps to increase security at U.S. diplomatic facilities.

Clinton testifies about the Benghazi attack during a House committee meeting in October 2015. ""I would imagine I have thought more about what happened than all of you put together,"" she said during the 11-hour hearing. ""I have lost more sleep than all of you put together. I have been wracking my brain about what more could have been done or should have been done."" Months earlier, Clinton had acknowledged a ""systemic breakdown"" as cited by an Accountability Review Board, and she said that her department was taking additional steps to increase security at U.S. diplomatic facilities.

Clinton, now running for President again, performs with Jimmy Fallon during a ""Tonight Show"" skit in September 2015.

Clinton, now running for President again, performs with Jimmy Fallon during a ""Tonight Show"" skit in September 2015.

Clinton ducks after a woman threw a shoe at her while she was delivering remarks at a recycling trade conference in Las Vegas in 2014.

Clinton ducks after a woman threw a shoe at her while she was delivering remarks at a recycling trade conference in Las Vegas in 2014.

Obama and Clinton bow during the transfer-of-remains ceremony marking the return of four Americans, including U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens, who were killed in Benghazi, Libya, in September 2012.

Obama and Clinton bow during the transfer-of-remains ceremony marking the return of four Americans, including U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens, who were killed in Benghazi, Libya, in September 2012.

Clinton arrives for a group photo before a forum with the Gulf Cooperation Council in March 2012. The forum was held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.

Clinton arrives for a group photo before a forum with the Gulf Cooperation Council in March 2012. The forum was held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.

Clinton checks her Blackberry inside a military plane after leaving Malta in October 2011. In 2015, The New York Times reported that Clinton exclusively used a personal email account during her time as secretary of state. The account, fed through its own server, raises security and preservation concerns. Clinton later said she used a private domain out of ""convenience,"" but admits in retrospect ""it would have been better"" to use multiple emails.

Clinton checks her Blackberry inside a military plane after leaving Malta in October 2011. In 2015, The New York Times reported that Clinton exclusively used a personal email account during her time as secretary of state. The account, fed through its own server, raises security and preservation concerns. Clinton later said she used a private domain out of ""convenience,"" but admits in retrospect ""it would have been better"" to use multiple emails.

In this photo provided by the White House, Obama, Clinton, Biden and other members of the national security team receive an update on the mission against Osama bin Laden in May 2011.

In this photo provided by the White House, Obama, Clinton, Biden and other members of the national security team receive an update on the mission against Osama bin Laden in May 2011.

The Clintons pose on the day of Chelsea's wedding to Marc Mezvinsky in July 2010.

The Clintons pose on the day of Chelsea's wedding to Marc Mezvinsky in July 2010.

Clinton, as secretary of state, greets Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin during a meeting just outside Moscow in March 2010.

Clinton, as secretary of state, greets Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin during a meeting just outside Moscow in March 2010.

Obama is flanked by Clinton and Vice President-elect Joe Biden at a news conference in Chicago in December 2008. He had designated Clinton to be his secretary of state.

Obama is flanked by Clinton and Vice President-elect Joe Biden at a news conference in Chicago in December 2008. He had designated Clinton to be his secretary of state.

Obama and Clinton talk on the plane on their way to a rally in Unity, New Hampshire, in June 2008. She had recently ended her presidential campaign and endorsed Obama.

Obama and Clinton talk on the plane on their way to a rally in Unity, New Hampshire, in June 2008. She had recently ended her presidential campaign and endorsed Obama.

Clinton and another presidential hopeful, U.S. Sen. Barack Obama, applaud at the start of a Democratic debate in 2007.

Clinton and another presidential hopeful, U.S. Sen. Barack Obama, applaud at the start of a Democratic debate in 2007.

Clinton holds up her book ""Living History"" before a signing in Auburn Hills, Michigan, in 2003.

Clinton holds up her book ""Living History"" before a signing in Auburn Hills, Michigan, in 2003.

Sen. Clinton comforts Maren Sarkarat, a woman who lost her husband in the September 11 terrorist attacks, during a ground-zero memorial in October 2001.

Sen. Clinton comforts Maren Sarkarat, a woman who lost her husband in the September 11 terrorist attacks, during a ground-zero memorial in October 2001.

Clinton makes her first appearance on the Senate Environment and Natural Resources Committee.

Clinton makes her first appearance on the Senate Environment and Natural Resources Committee.

Clinton announces in February 2000 that she will seek the U.S. Senate seat in New York. She was elected later that year.

Clinton announces in February 2000 that she will seek the U.S. Senate seat in New York. She was elected later that year.

President Clinton makes a statement at the White House in December 1998, thanking members of Congress who voted against his impeachment. The Senate trial ended with an acquittal in February 1999.

President Clinton makes a statement at the White House in December 1998, thanking members of Congress who voted against his impeachment. The Senate trial ended with an acquittal in February 1999.

The first family walks with their dog, Buddy, as they leave the White House for a vacation in August 1998.

The first family walks with their dog, Buddy, as they leave the White House for a vacation in August 1998.

Clinton looks on as her husband discusses the Monica Lewinsky scandal in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on January 26, 1998. Clinton declared, ""I did not have sexual relations with that woman."" In August of that year, Clinton testified before a grand jury and admitted to having ""inappropriate intimate contact"" with Lewinsky, but he said it did not constitute sexual relations because they had not had intercourse. He was impeached in December on charges of perjury and obstruction of justice.

Clinton looks on as her husband discusses the Monica Lewinsky scandal in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on January 26, 1998. Clinton declared, ""I did not have sexual relations with that woman."" In August of that year, Clinton testified before a grand jury and admitted to having ""inappropriate intimate contact"" with Lewinsky, but he said it did not constitute sexual relations because they had not had intercourse. He was impeached in December on charges of perjury and obstruction of justice.

The Clintons dance on a beach in the U.S. Virgin Islands in January 1998. Later that month, Bill Clinton was accused of having a sexual relationship with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky.

The Clintons dance on a beach in the U.S. Virgin Islands in January 1998. Later that month, Bill Clinton was accused of having a sexual relationship with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky.

The first lady holds up a Grammy Award, which she won for her audiobook ""It Takes a Village"" in 1997.

The first lady holds up a Grammy Award, which she won for her audiobook ""It Takes a Village"" in 1997.

The Clintons hug as Bill is sworn in for a second term as President.

The Clintons hug as Bill is sworn in for a second term as President.

Clinton waves to the media in January 1996 as she arrives for an appearance before a grand jury in Washington. The first lady was subpoenaed to testify as a witness in the investigation of the Whitewater land deal in Arkansas. The Clintons' business investment was investigated, but ultimately they were cleared of any wrongdoing.

Clinton waves to the media in January 1996 as she arrives for an appearance before a grand jury in Washington. The first lady was subpoenaed to testify as a witness in the investigation of the Whitewater land deal in Arkansas. The Clintons' business investment was investigated, but ultimately they were cleared of any wrongdoing.

Clinton unveils the renovated Blue Room of the White House in 1995.

Clinton unveils the renovated Blue Room of the White House in 1995.

Clinton accompanies her husband as he takes the oath of office in January 1993.

Clinton accompanies her husband as he takes the oath of office in January 1993.

During the 1992 presidential campaign, Clinton jokes with her husband's running mate, Al Gore, and Gore's wife, Tipper, aboard a campaign bus.

During the 1992 presidential campaign, Clinton jokes with her husband's running mate, Al Gore, and Gore's wife, Tipper, aboard a campaign bus.

In June 1992, Clinton uses a sewing machine designed to eliminate back and wrist strain. She had just given a speech at a convention of the International Ladies' Garment Workers Union.

In June 1992, Clinton uses a sewing machine designed to eliminate back and wrist strain. She had just given a speech at a convention of the International Ladies' Garment Workers Union.

Bill Clinton comforts his wife on the set of ""60 Minutes"" after a stage light broke loose from the ceiling and knocked her down in January 1992.

Bill Clinton comforts his wife on the set of ""60 Minutes"" after a stage light broke loose from the ceiling and knocked her down in January 1992.

The Clintons celebrate Bill's inauguration in Little Rock, Arkansas, in 1991. He was governor from 1983 to 1992, when he was elected President.

The Clintons celebrate Bill's inauguration in Little Rock, Arkansas, in 1991. He was governor from 1983 to 1992, when he was elected President.

Arkansas' first lady, now using the name Hillary Rodham Clinton, wears her inaugural ball gown in 1985.

Arkansas' first lady, now using the name Hillary Rodham Clinton, wears her inaugural ball gown in 1985.

In 1975, Rodham married Bill Clinton, whom she met at Yale Law School. He became the governor of Arkansas in 1978. In 1980, the couple had a daughter, Chelsea.

In 1975, Rodham married Bill Clinton, whom she met at Yale Law School. He became the governor of Arkansas in 1978. In 1980, the couple had a daughter, Chelsea.

Rodham was a lawyer on the House Judiciary Committee, whose work led to impeachment charges against President Richard Nixon in 1974.

Rodham was a lawyer on the House Judiciary Committee, whose work led to impeachment charges against President Richard Nixon in 1974.

Before marrying Bill Clinton, she was Hillary Rodham. Here she attends Wellesley College in Massachusetts. Her commencement speech at Wellesley's graduation ceremony in 1969 attracted national attention. After graduating, she attended Yale Law School.

Before marrying Bill Clinton, she was Hillary Rodham. Here she attends Wellesley College in Massachusetts. Her commencement speech at Wellesley's graduation ceremony in 1969 attracted national attention. After graduating, she attended Yale Law School.

Hillary Clinton accepts the Democratic Party's nomination for president at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia on July 28. The former first lady, U.S. senator and secretary of state was the first woman to lead the presidential ticket of a major political party.

Hillary Clinton accepts the Democratic Party's nomination for president at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia on July 28. The former first lady, U.S. senator and secretary of state was the first woman to lead the presidential ticket of a major political party.

Hillary Clinton, meanwhile, broke with Obama by uttering the words ""radical Islamism"" -- rhetoric that she has long resisted for fear that it would embolden terrorists.

Terrorist attacks often have the potential to radically shift the political conversation. Trump's proposed temporary ban on Muslim immigrants in the aftermath of the San Bernardino, California, attacks, for instance, deeply resonated with GOP primary voters. But the responses this week -- in which Trump and Clinton made moves that would have been unexpected a week ago -- reflect the unusual confluence of gay rights, gun control and national security in the wake of Orlando and underscore the volatile nature of American politics this year.

No one is more unusual at the moment than Trump.

He started the week by tearing up the Terrorism 101 rule book used by most politicians who go out of their way to foster unity in the wake of such an outrage. Trump did the exact opposite.

Hours after Sunday's attack unfolded, he issued a self-congratulatory tweet that noted his long stance that radical Islam leads to terrorism. On Monday, he implied Obama was somehow complicit or sympathetic toward the U.S.-born Muslim who went on the rampage and later snatched away the campaign credentials of The Washington Post when it reported on his comments.

Trump has never been known for consistency and demonstrated his ability to hold several contradictory positions on issues that motivate the Republican base at the same time.

After the Orlando carnage, Trump suggested that if the people in the nightclub had guns themselves, the story could have been different. And he stirred his audiences with false claims that Clinton wanted to ""take away Americans' guns.""

But then, perhaps scenting a change in the political wind, Trump said he would meet with the National Rifle Association to discuss how to stop people on the terror watch list or FBI no-fly lists from buying guns, in contradiction with previous Republican positions. But during a Thursday rally in Dallas, he again seemed to take a hard line on guns, repeating his claim about Clinton and saying, ""I'm going to save your Second Amendment rights.""

Trump repeatedly claimed that he was the best friend the LGBT community has in this election -- rather than Clinton who has been deeply engaged in LGBT issues for years and counts the community as a deep well of support and donor dollars.

Clinton could not resist trolling her general election foe when CNN reporter Phil Mattingly quoted Trump on Twitter as saying: ""You tell me: who is better for the gay community and who is better for women than Donald Trump.""

The former secretary of state's campaign account tweeted back, ""Hi.""

Trump expounded further on his gun views Friday evening. At a Texas rally Trump argued, as he often has in the wake of terrorist attacks and mass shootings, that fewer gun restrictions would have lessened the death toll.

""If we had people, where the bullets were going in the opposite direction, right smack between the eyes of this maniac,"" Trump said, gesturing between his eyes. ""And this son of a b---- comes out and starts shooting and one of the people in that room happened to have (a gun) and goes boom. You know what, that would have been a beautiful, beautiful sight, folks.""

Trump also slammed President Barack Obama for arguing for action to change existing gun laws in the wake of the mass shooting in Orlando.

""President Obama is trying to make terrorism into guns and it's not guns, folks. It is not guns, folks. It is not guns, this is terrorism,"" Trump said.

But Trump was not the only politician pulling off a role reversal toward the gay community.

Iowa Rep. Steve King, who once warned his state could become a ""gay marriage Mecca"" after its Supreme Court lifted a ban on same-sex marriage, offered a striking shift in tone this week.

""I think it was clear that gays were targeted in Orlando and it does matter and it's tragic that they were targeted because of their sexual orientation,"" King told CNN's Chris Cuomo on ""New Day.""

That was a rare moment of conciliation in what was a largely divisive political week.

In fact, the manner in which the Orlando attack immediately became political fodder contrasted with the numbing wave of shock that settled over the United Kingdom, where campaigning for next week's Europe Union referendum was put on hold after the murder of lawmaker Jo Cox.

Trump and Clinton were hardly alone in the political fray this week.

With seven months left in his term, Obama could have left it to the newly minted Democratic presumptive nominee to carry the fight to Trump. But he felt a need to respond -- especially to Trump's comments.

""That's not the America we want,"" he said during an extraordinarily direct speech on Tuesday. ""It doesn't reflect our democratic ideals. It will make us less safe.""

By wading so deeply into the presidential race, Obama was offering a preview of the kind of political assist he could provide Clinton as he hits the campaign trail soon as a surrogate. But on Tuesday at least, Obama completely overshadowed his preferred successor.

The normal order is also disrupted on Capitol Hill.

Republican leaders are stuck in an uncomfortable marriage with their can't-live-with-him, can't-live-without-him presidential nominee, who is showing no signs of cooling the polarizing rhetoric that many GOP elites decry.

Lawmakers normally attracted to microphones like bees around a honey pot spent the week fleeing in the opposite direction. House Speaker Paul Ryan endured the latest round of questions about whether he would withdraw his recent endorsement of Trump.

Ryan tried to explain his dilemma in an interview that will air on NBC's ""Meet the Press"" on Sunday.

""I get that this is a very strange situation. He's a very unique nominee,"" Ryan said. ""But I feel as a responsibility institutionally as the speaker of the House that I should not be leading some chasm in the middle of our party.""

Sanders is proving that piloting a soft landing to a political revolution is tough. While he vowed on Thursday to help Clinton defeat Trump, he still wants full reform of the Democratic Party and its policy platform.

Still, there are signs that Sanders is losing his leverage, not gaining it: even one of his closest backers, Rep. Tulsi Gabbard, signaled on Friday that the game was up.

""I think there is a Democratic nominee at this point,"" Gabbard told CNN's Wolf Blitzer, though would not go as far as endorsing Clinton.

Arizona Sen. John McCain also felt the political heat when blasted Obama as ""directly responsible"" for the mass shooting in Orlando.

Then, like a character from a previous, more courtly political age, he had second thoughts, and issued a statement that clarified that he meant that the President's policies were to blame -- rather than the character of the man who beat him for the White House eight years ago.

A politician who admits he was wrong. In the crazed world of the 2016 presidential election circus, what could be weirder than that?",1
2982,Rand Paul wraps 'filibuster' over Patriot Act and NSA surveillance,"Washington (CNN) After 10 hours and 30 minutes, Sen. Rand Paul relinquished the Senate floor late Wednesday night, ending his ""filibuster"" over National Security Agency surveillance programs authorized under the Patriot Act.

Paul, R-Kentucky, ran through several binders of material over the course of his marathon protest, and also got some help from 10 fellow senators -- three Republicans and seven Democrats.

Sens. Ron Wyden, D-Oregon, and Mike Lee, R-Utah, were the biggest boons to Paul's efforts, joining Paul on the Senate floor several times to give the Kentucky Republican a chance to catch his breath -- and often grab a sip of water and pop a candy in his mouth. And one of Paul's rivals for the Republican presidential nomination, Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas, also ended up helping Paul's efforts late in the night.

""There comes a time in the history of nations when fear and complacency allow power to accumulate and liberty and privacy to suffer. That time is now and I will not let the Patriot Act, the most unpatriotic of acts, go unchallenged,"" Paul said at the opening of his remarks, and those who joined him on the Senate floor shared his concerns and stressed the need to reform the Patriot Act.

The Senate is considering whether to reauthorize or reform a crucial section of that law that gives the government sweeping powers to collect phone metadata on millions of Americans in an effort to thwart terrorist plots. The House last week overwhelmingly approved a bill to reform that law.

The NSA's bulk collection program expires at midnight on June 1, and the Department of Justice warned in a memo shared by a GOP aide on Wednesday that the agency will have to begin preparing a week before the expiration date for a potential lapse in the law.

Paul's talk-a-thon Wednesday came more than two years after his nearly 13-hour filibuster in 2013, which was widely anticipated and brought him national attention for delaying the confirmation of CIA chief John Brennan to draw attention to U.S. drone policies.

But his speech Wednesday wasn't technically a filibuster because intricate Senate rules required him to stop talking by early Thursday afternoon for an unrelated vote.

Still, Paul's office insists it was a filibuster, saying Paul prevented lawmakers from taking action to reauthorize the Patriot Act while he had the floor.

""Sen. Paul will speak until he can no longer speak,"" spokeswoman Jillian Lane said Wednesday.

Paul began speaking at about 1:20 p.m. ET. More than two hours later, Wyden, Paul's Democratic partner-in-crime on stopping the NSA's domestic surveillance programs, joined him on the floor to aid the effort.

Paul slammed Congress for not scheduling enough time to debate whether to reform the Patriot Act and to debate the merits of NSA surveillance.

""At the very least we should debate, we should debate whether or not we are going to relinquish our rights or whether or not we are going to have a full and able debate over whether or not we can live within the constitution or whether or not we have to go around the constitution,"" Paul said on the floor.

And as his voice waned in the 10th hour of his time on the floor, Paul again emphasized the need for an open and ""honest"" debate about the Patriot Act and domestic surveillance.

And he again hammered home the need for Congress to uphold the Constitution as it takes action on the Patriot Act.

""There is absolutely no excuse -- no excuse not to debate this, no excuse not to vote on a sufficient amount of amendments to try to make this better, to try to make the bulk collection of records go away. It's what the American people want, it's what the Constitution demands,"" Paul said.

The debate over NSA reform has pitted Republican leadership in the House and Senate against each other.

House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul, R-Texas, on Wednesday lamented that ongoing deadlock, slamming GOP leaders for failing so far to broker a deal to keep key provisions of the Patriot Act alive.

""We go dark -- in a high threat environment, that's a very dangerous thing to do, that's dangerous politics,"" McCaul told reporters Wednesday. ""I'm disappointed that we're not able to work this out and now we're going to do this ping pong game and play politics with national security.""

And McCaul added that Paul's ""filibuster"" drove home his point about the dangers of politics interfering with national security.

""That's my point,"" he said.

Paul and Wyden both talked up the amendments during Wednesday's so-called filibuster that they are proposing to add to the USA Freedom Act, a reform bill the House overwhelmingly passed last week. Paul and Wyden are pushing for additional reforms not included in the measure, a compromise bill between reform advocates in the House and House Republican leadership.

Wyden added to Paul's lambasting of the NSA's bulk data collection programs and also slammed national security hawks in Congress who have repeatedly held back reforms, Wyden alleged.

""They wait until the very last minute,"" Wyden said. ""They wait until the last minute and then they say, 'Oh my goodness it is a dangerous world we've got to continue this program the way it is!'""

And Lee, who is the chief Republican sponsor of the USA Freedom Act, also joined Paul on the Senate floor, promoting his bill and slamming a dysfunctional Congress that he said isn't serving the American people well on surveillance and other issues.

Passage on that bill is anything but certain though, with some senators supportive of moderate reforms hoping to weaken the bill, while others, like Paul and Wyden, want the bill to do more.

Paul voted against allowing debate on a previous version of the USA Freedom Act last year, saying it did not go far enough.

""The people don't want the bulk collection of their records. And if we were listening we'd hear that,"" Paul said.

The Kentucky Republican was also using his ""filibuster"" as an opportunity to rally his supporters and raise money for his presidential campaign.

While Paul was speaking on the Senate floor Wednesday, his campaign sent an email to supporters asking for donations to support his presidential ambitions.

And his marathon session on the floor also jolted his supporters, who posted photos of themselves watching Paul's speech throughout the ten and a half hours, using the hashtag #StandwithRand that had emerged during Paul's famed 2013 filibuster.

Paul also slammed President Barack Obama for refusing to end the program through executive order, despite saying he opposes the bulk data collection program.

""He has every power to stop it, and yet the president does nothing,"" Paul said of Obama.

Paul repeatedly drew on the Founding Fathers as he laid out his arguments why the government should not be allowed to collect troves of information on innocent Americans in the name of counterterrorism.

""If government were comprised of angels, we wouldn't need restrictions, we wouldn't need laws,"" Paul said quoting James Madison. He later quoted Ben Franklin as well.

But Paul, a libertarian-leaning conservative, had his own words as well, insisting that Americans should always be wary of the government and increasing government power.

""Anytime you give power to government, they love it, and they will accumulate more,"" he said. ""They will not live within the confines of power unless you watch them. Like a hawk, you've got to watch them.",1
2936,"How Yemen Fits Iran Plans for Mideast Rule, Beyond","WASHINGTON  The remaining Americans have been evacuated from the country of Yemen. The United States closed its embassy because of the violence after a radical Islamic rebellion in the country.

The news comes as Iran is expanding its influence in the Middle East while building a nuclear program that shows no signs of stopping.

Yemen is an important part of Iran's strategy.

When a radical Shiite Muslim group, called the Houthis, seized Yemen's capital city last year, it marked a dangerous phase for a country plagued by violent chaos.

Located on the southern tip of the Arabian Peninsula, Yemen is already home to an al Qaeda branch that has attempted several attacks against the United States and Europe.

The rise of the Houthis opens the door to yet another terrorist presence.

""You look at the fall of the government of Yemen, which was allied with the United States, helping us in our efforts to silence al Qaeda. And you see the Iranian Quds forces behind training and arming that effort,"" Rep. Ed Royce, R-Calif., chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, said.

Iran has long been suspected of backing the Houthis, whose official slogan sounds very familiar to that of Iran's government: ""Death to America, death to Israel, damnation to the Jews.""

Iran's support of the Houthis seems to point to a much a bigger goal.

""That was not a local issue. Yemen is a historical invasion route to Saudi Arabia. Yemen controls the very critical access of oil tankers from the Indian Ocean to the Red Sea to the Mediterranean,"" former Israeli Ambassador Yoram Ettinger explained.

He said Yemen is an important piece in Iran's larger plan of regional domination.

""Iran is leveraging Hezbollah in Lebanon, Hamas in Gaza, in order to further destabilize the region, in order to destabilize pro-American Arab regimes,"" Ettinger said.

In addition to Lebanon and Gaza, Tehran is using allies to gain influence in Yemen, Syria, Hezbollah, and among Shiite leaders in Iraq. These moves leave Israel and another Iranian rival, Saudi Arabia, in unfriendly surroundings.

Ettinger said the ultimate target, however, is the United States.

""The Iranians are pursuing a very clear anti-American tactic and the reason is they consider the U.S. the major obstacle to attaining their major goal: namely, the domination of the Gulf,"" Ettinger told CBN News.

""No country in the world but the U.S. can stop Iran from taking over the Gulf and then the Muslim world,"" he said.

Iran is reportedly working to develop intercontinental ballistic missiles that could one day reach the United States.

Yet the Obama administration has not demanded that Iran give up this missile program as part of ongoing nuclear talks. If Iran acquires a nuclear bomb, it could eventually be mounted on such a missile.

""That ultimately is going to open up a Pandora's box of a whole new world situation that is going to very bad for the security of that whole region and ultimately, I think, the security of the entire world,"" Rep. Brian Babin, R-Texas, warned.",1
4140,"No matter who it is, next president to face economic challenge","Bill Clinton rode into office 24 years ago on the campaign mantra, ‘It’s the economy, stupid’ – and apparently, it still is.

In an election where dim economic prospects have fueled the campaigns of both Democrat Bernie Sanders and Republican Donald Trump, a new Fox News poll shows the economy still is far and away the top priority for voters. And faced with flashing warning signs of tepid growth, barely rising wages and factors that signal an even further slowdown, what would a President Trump or Clinton or Sanders do about it?

The proposals span the gamut: Trump wants big tax cuts and tariffs on trading partners. Sanders wants a hike in the minimum wage and free college tuition. Hillary Clinton wants more infrastructure spending.

And each candidate has taken the others to task on their positions and plans.

Clinton economic adviser Gene Sperling recently warned that if Trump was elected he would put the entire financial system at risk. That was after Trump said he could reduce the national debt by getting the government to pay back less than it has borrowed.

Trump, though, has slammed his likely Democratic rival over trade policies, including the North American Free Trade Agreement that Clinton’s husband signed into law in 1993.

""It has cleaned out our country of jobs,"" Trump told Fox News on Friday.

Trump says he’d be the “greatest jobs producer in history” by slapping tariffs on Mexico, China and other trade partners.

“The lines have been crossed,” Carroll Doherty, director of political research at Pew Research Center, said. “The Republicans were always known as the party of free trade and now they are less supportive of free trade than Democrats.”

The stakes are high, as the next president is likely to face a lingering economic challenge all in the wake of the last recession.

A Wall Street Journal survey of economists earlier this month showed an elevated risk (about 20 percent) of another U.S. recession in the next year. One of those economists, the National Association of Manufacturers’ Chad Moutray, cited: “Decelerating employment growth, growing uncertainty and sputtering GDP growth.”

Income inequality continues to strike a deep divide between the haves and have-nots, which the candidates also have seized on.

Clinton pledges to enact the “Buffett Rule” – a basic principle that ensures no household making more than $1 million annually should pay a smaller share of their income in taxes than a middle-class family pays.

Clinton also promises to strip tax benefits from U.S. companies that move jobs to foreign countries to get a more favorable rate. And she says she’ll help small businesses by expanding access to capital and vows to invest $350 billion in secondary education.

Clinton supports as well raising the federal minimum wage to at least $12 – currently, it’s at $7.25 for covered nonexempt employees. Clinton has also shown support for the Fight for $15 campaign which pushes for even higher minimum wages in individual states.

It’s a fight Sanders has taken on since the start of his campaign. And he's accused Clinton of being late to the party. At a CNN debate in April, Sanders mocked Clinton’s declaration of support: “What has happened is that history has outpaced Secretary Clinton.”

Sanders repeatedly has described tackling income inequality as the hallmark of his campaign. He also has vowed to break up big banks, cap credit card rates at 15 percent and limit ways some in the financial industry have been able to monetarily benefit from taxpayer bailouts.

Trump, meanwhile, takes the opposite tack. Trump says dismantling the Dodd-Frank financial regulatory overhaul would be one of his top priorities. He’s also said he’d boot out Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen.

While the candidates push for more economic changes, there are bright spots.

When President Obama took office, the economy was losing 800,000 jobs a month. The unemployment rate has since fallen dramatically, from 10 percent to 5 percent. During Obama’s two terms, the private sector has added jobs for 73 straight months.

Still, hard economic realities face the country, putting pressure on the next Oval Office occupant to engineer a jump-start.

The economy grew at its weakest quarterly pace in two years between January and March -- 0.5 percent -- as consumers spent cautiously. Businesses cut back on investments to levels not seen since the financial crisis of 2008. And there was a massive stock market sell-off at the start of the year which eroded consumer confidence.

And while the budget deficit -- the federal government's annual shortfall -- has shrunk by nearly $1 trillion, Washington continues to spend far more than it earns, swelling the national debt beyond $19 trillion. It's a factor that could increasingly limit the government's ability to spend its way out of an economic downturn.

Should the country find itself in another recession, James Pethokoukis, an expert at the conservative American Enterprise Institute, says a Trump response would likely be based on a “truly massive tax cut” -- and more.

“He also likes to do infrastructure. Fantastic, he can throw in some infrastructure in there as well. Doesn’t care about the debt? Who cares? Fine. So we have a massive tax cut, maybe massive infrastructure spending,” Pethokoukis said. “A Donald Trump presidency during a recession – assuming that his trade conflict doesn’t cause the recession – might just be like the Democratic dream president.”",1
4156,"With Common Core tests, a lot at stake for first-year principal","Principal Krystal Hardy has dedicated herself to improving the culture and upping the test scores at a struggling New Orleans charter school. Her third-graders, for one, take 14 standardized tests, including Common Core ones, each year.

Third-grade students at Sylvanie Williams College Prep elementary school read individually in class, on Jan. 16, 2015, in New Orleans. Fifty percent of the children here started the academic year below grade level in reading and math. The goal is to help them catch up and keep making progress.

This story is the third in a yearlong series following Krystal Hardy, a first-year principal trying to bring order and improve test scores at a struggling New Orleans charter school. The project is a partnership between The Christian Science Monitor and The Hechinger Report, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news outlet that covers inequality and innovation in education and is affiliated with Teachers College, Columbia University.

A week before their final round of Common Core tests, the fifth-graders at Sylvanie Williams College Prep, a charter school in New Orleans, are reviewing the procedures for solving a multi-part word problem in math. Their principal, Krystal Hardy, looks on.

“Pay attention! I’ve seen these kinds of questions on the PARCC test,” says math teacher Tiffany Labrie, referring to the Common Core tests that most students in Louisiana take this month. “This calls for converting ounces to pounds, so you can use your reference sheet,” she tells them, indicating a handout on every desk.

“Don’t forget, you can use the reference sheet today, but also on the what?” asks Ms. Labrie, rhetorically.

“PARCC!” echoes Labrie. “You’ll have those reference sheets during the PARCC tests. Remember to use them!”

Ms. Hardy – who is in her first year as principal – has staked her career on improving the culture and upping the test scores at this struggling elementary school, located in a gritty part of New Orleans' Central City neighborhood. At the start of the academic year in August, 50 percent of the approximately 400 students, nearly all of whom are African-American and most of whom are poor, scored below grade level in reading and math. Their road to improvement is paved with tests.

Indeed, like most public school students across America, pupils at Sylvanie Williams get tested often – although Hardy is trying to balance the “data-driven instruction” with a strong social justice curriculum.

The earliest tests this year helped teachers figure out which students had learned the material and which ones needed that lesson again. After five months, Hardy and her staff began diving deeper, comparing test results with worksheets that students completed in class. When they saw patterns of errors, the teachers themselves worked through the problems, trying to figure out exactly where the students were going wrong.

Their findings have already dramatically changed the way teachers teach. And the teachers are noticing that student achievement is picking up.

“We were able to administer targeted medicine,” says Hardy.

“Instead of saying, ‘Some of these students aren’t good at multiplying,’ ” she says, “we could start to say, for example, that 40 percent of these students in this class don’t seem to understand the place-value concept in three-digit numbers and about 40 percent, say, understand the concept but are not paying attention to details when they compute.”

Students at Sylvanie Williams take annual tests in science and social studies aligned to the state’s standards, plus two rounds of Common Core tests in English and math developed by the Partnership for Assessment of Readiness for College and Careers (PARCC). In some grades, students also take three sets of benchmarking tests three or four times a year. In the end, third-graders, who get tested the most, take a whopping 14 standardized tests per year, in addition to “exit tickets” – teacher-generated assessments at the end of a unit of study.

Testing infuses many aspects of the school day. The walls of Hardy’s office and the teachers’ conference room are hung with posters sporting bar charts that show test results. Students and teachers talk about the test, the test day, and “reaching basic.”

Outside a third-grade classroom, a colorful hand-drawn poster names the children who have achieved the advanced, mastery, and basic levels on one test. In another classroom, a teacher has written out in magic marker a several-foot-long list of standards (4.NF.5: Express equivalent fractions and add fractions with denominators of 10 and 100) – presumably to keep his own teaching on target for the Common Core math test.

Although a vocal minority of parents whose children tend to be enrolled in more affluent schools around the country have refused to let their kids take the Common Core tests, no Sylvanie Williams families have opted out. And Hardy is predicting the final round won’t be a problem for her scholars. “They’re used to it,” she says simply.

Early in the year, diagnostic test results helped distinguish what had been taught from what had been learned. Hardy keeps a close eye on lesson plans – teachers submit them to her each week – so she knows what material is being covered.

By January, armed with more data, Hardy and her teachers and coaches were really poring over the test results. And that’s when the dialogue around instruction began to shift. The teachers started collaborating on how to quickly and directly backfill the specific foundational skills that students need to move forward.

“After that point,” says fourth-grade teacher Terrance Mitchell, “I think as a school we really started to see the achievement of our students begin to accelerate.”

Although Hardy is committed to running a test-driven school, the data focus has its frustrations. Because the Common Core exams are new this year, the PARCC administrators need to perform technical calculations on the results. This means that scores on the tests will be released to Hardy after Sylvanie Williams’s school year ends – too late for teachers to use that data to course-correct.

State political leaders are maneuvering to scuttle or at least modify the use of the Common Core in Louisiana, so it’s not certain that the standards that the students are being asked to meet this year will even be around next year.

The school’s relentless focus on standards and testing reduces time for less defined but often more meaningful types of lessons – ones that help kids understand themselves, their fellow students, and the world around them. But Hardy has tried to squeeze these kinds of experiences into the school day.

In January, she took 40 students on a field trip to Selma, Ala., to join the commemorations of the 50th anniversary of the march to Montgomery. And one morning, she taught a unit on poverty in America, which included having third-, fourth-, and fifth-graders compare weekly expenses with median income for high school dropouts, college graduates, and those with a master’s degree.

Recently, a fifth-grade blackboard showed the remnants of a vibrant discussion about young black men, police, and excessive force. “Because of the demographic our children come from, many will face immense challenges and unique realities,” Hardy says.

“We need to prepare them to understand how the world will engage with them. They need to understand how to engage with it. And maybe, create the possibility that they will act as change agents in their world.”

Hardy accepts that her school, and her tenure as principal, will be evaluated largely on test scores. But she is adamant about maintaining what she sees as crucial parts of education that no test will measure.

• This project is a partnership between the Monitor and The Hechinger Report, a nonprofit, independent news website focused on inequality and innovation in education and is affiliated with Teachers College, Columbia University. © 2015 The Christian Science Monitor and The Hechinger Report.",1
3025,Political polarization is getting worse. Everywhere.,"You've probably seen this chart.

It uses analysis from VoteView to show how the House has grown more polarized over time. Democrats in the House have become more liberal; Republicans have become much more conservative.

You may also have seen this chart -- but if you haven't, you probably at least are familiar with the concept.

It shows the ranges of weekly approval ratings for President Obama over the course of his administration. In other words, each time 82 percent of Democrats approve of Obama, the 82 percent bar gets a little higher. For the most part, opinions of Obama haven't changed much among Democrats or Republicans; his overall approval rating is usually a function of how independents feel about him.

Obama isn't the first president to see such polarization in his approval ratings. The first president to do so was the guy before him, George W. Bush. Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton each had some polarization in their second terms, but it wasn't nearly as wide a gap.

Which leads us to a natural question: How does the polarization of Congress -- which is a measure of the behavior of members of Congress -- compare with the polarization of approval of the president, a measure of public opinion?

That's a question we can answer.

Over time, the gap between the political leaning of Republican and Democratic caucuses on Capitol Hill has widened steadily (though not continuously). This compares DW-NOMINATE scores from VoteView, which is a measure of how liberal or conservative each member of Congress is against a baseline. The figures below essentially measure the distance between the two lines in the first graph above.

Over that same period, opinions of the president have similarly widened -- again, with some fits and starts.

There are two lines here, one using the first Gallup approval rating of the new year and the other averaging the ratings over the year. You can see how attitudes shift; the gap plummets as a president becomes equally popular or unpopular with each party.

Anyway, this suggests that as Congress has gotten more polarized, so too have opinions of the presidents.

But there's a clearer way to look at this. Plotting the gap in how Democrats and Republicans look at the president on one axis and the gap between the two parties in Congress on the other, you can see clearly how both the former and latter have grown more extreme. (The higher and further to the right a dot, the greater the polarization.)

In other words, this polarization isn't only a function of Congress and gerrymandering. There's been a broader polarization that's taken place, reflected in how each party views the president.

What it doesn't tell us is the cause. As complicated as these data are, this was the easier part of the analysis.",1
428,"US economy adds paltry 38,000 jobs in May for weakest growth since 2010","The US economy added just 38,000 jobs in May – 122,000 fewer than expected and the weakest growth since 2010. The unemployment rate slipped down to 4.7%, the Department of Labor announced on Friday.

The report added to concerns that the US economy is slowing, ahead of a crucial meeting of the Federal Reserve, and was immediately seized on by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. “Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell!” he wrote on Twitter.

A strike by 40,000 Verizon workers impacted the numbers, the labor department said, and without the strike the number of jobs added would have been 72,000, which is still less than half the expected job growth.

The unemployment rate is now the lowest it has been since November 2007, and job gains in 2016 have slowed sharply from the 240,000 average of the last two years. On Friday, the Department of Labor also cut its assessment of the number of jobs added in March and April by 59,000.

“The weakness in May’s payrolls was widespread. Manufacturing lost 10,000 jobs, construction shed 15,000 jobs and temporary help fell by 21,000,” wrote Paul Ashworth, Capital Economics chief US economist, in a note to investors. “A June rate hike from the Fed is now very unlikely.”

May’s report is the last before the Fed’s next meeting on 14-15 June, when the US central bank may raise interest rates again. The gain was the smallest since September 2010 and is sure to add to speculation that a rate hike could be delayed until July, already uncertainty about Britain’s referendum to exit the EU. That vote will take place on 23 June.

After the economy added 160,000 jobs in April – 40,000 fewer than expected – economists expected the job growth in May to come in at 160,000. Over the past 12 months employment growth had averaged 232,000 jobs a month, but economists expected the 44-day strike of 40,000 Verizon workers to affect the May figures.



The last time Verizon workers went on strike, for two weeks in August 2011, the department of labor reported that the economy added no jobs that month. The following month, however, it reported a growth of 103,000 jobs and noted that the spike partially “reflected the return to payrolls of about 45,000” striking workers.

The recent strike ended last week after the labor department helped Verizon and the union representing the striking workers reach a tentative deal.

As job growth slows, Barack Obama has moved to defend his economic legacy. Earlier this week, while speaking in Elkhart, Indiana, he described the US economy as the “strongest, most durable economy in the world” and pointed out that over the past six years, US businesses have created more than 14m new jobs.

“Despite the drop in unemployment, wages are still growing too slowly, and that makes it harder to pay for college or save for retirement,” said Obama, before pointing out that so far this year, wages have grown at a rate of about 3%. Until recently, his administration had described wages as the unfinished business of this recovery.

Economists believe that a wage growth of 3% to 3.5% is necessary to help reach the Federal Reserve’s 2% inflation goal.

Last week, Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen said that she expects the US labor market to continue to improve and that in the coming months it might be “appropriate” for the Fed to increase interest rates. In December, the Fed increased interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade.

“I’m not sure it plays an important role in our policy making beyond us just monitoring the US data and general global financial conditions and having confidence that things are still on a good track,” Charles Evans, president of the Chicago Fed, told CNBC on Friday. Evans, who is a non-voting member of the Fed’s policy-setting committee, said that he expects two rate hikes this year.

“As the labor market tightens we should see wage growth rise, however it’s clear that we are not at a level consistent with full employment. With wage growth this low, there is simply no threat of wage-led inflation,” said Elise Gould, senior economist at the Economic Policy Institute. “The Fed should bear this in mind when it meets later this month and not be too quick to raise rates and slow the economy.”

A week ago, Yellen said that the US jobs market is nearing full employment.",1
1696,Donald Trump attacks force Jeb Bush out of his malaise,"(CNN) The aggressive Jeb Bush that his allies have been waiting for emerged this week -- and it was an attack on his family that got him going.

The former Florida governor launched his most forceful attempt yet to paint Donald Trump as an unserious candidate unfit for the foreign policy decisions that face the country's commander in chief.

First, he punched back hard at Trump's suggestion that his brother, George W. Bush, bore responsibility for the September 11, 2001, attacks and that Trump could have prevented them.

In a series of interviews, Bush then questioned Trump's intellectual heft and understanding of complex world events.

Tuesday, he leveled his most blistering critique to date, with a National Review op-ed accusing the real estate magnate of echoing ""the attacks of (liberal filmmaker) Michael Moore and the fringe left"" on national security issues.

""Let's be clear: Donald Trump simply doesn't know what he's talking about,"" Bush wrote, adding that Trump's ""bluster overcompensates for a shocking lack of knowledge on the complex national-security challenges that will confront the next president.""

This is a critical moment for Bush, who like other establishment Republicans has been unable to break through against Trump. As much as Bush and his allies like to talk about having resources for the long game early next year, the next few weeks are key for whether his foreign policy message and electability arguments will click into place and capture the interest of voters.

Polls have shown very little excitement about his candidacy in any sector of the Republican base. That fact is not only evident in polls, but also in interviews with voters on the ground in early states who often describe Bush as lacking dynamism, enthusiasm and energy.

Despite heavy advertising in New Hampshire and an impressive list of endorsements in the early states, a CNN/ORC Poll released this week showed Bush tied in an unimpressive third place with Florida rival Marco Rubio at 8%.

And even after raising $13.4 million last quarter, many heavy-hitting Republican donors -- particularly those who supported Mitt Romney -- are still on the sidelines, attracted to the candidacy of Marco Rubio and eying other contenders like John Kasich and even Chris Christie.

As part of the campaign to assuage concerns of donors and allies who have watched in surprise as he struggles, Bush's longtime strategist Mike Murphy -- who runs the Right to Rise super PAC -- also emerged in a rare interview to blast Trump as a ""false zombie front-runner"" and outline his ""theory of the race"" on why Bush will outlast the other GOP candidates.

""He's dead politically, he'll never be president of the United States, ever,"" Murphy said of Trump in an interview with Bloomberg Politics. Murphy, who is legally prohibited from coordinating with the Bush campaign, jabbed Trump by predicting that his bid would collapse and adding ""I don't think you can be a front-runner if you're totally un-electable.""

Noting that he's worked with Bush for 18 years, Murphy argued that Bush ""builds slowly and gets better and better,"" pointing to his improved debate performances as an example of that.

Some of Bush's most stalwart supporters have long felt that a pivot to foreign policy could help his standing in the field.

His exchange with Trump after the real estate magnate called his brother's administration ""a disaster"" during the CNN debate was one of his strongest performances of the night, and this week's 9/11 debate seemed to help him sharpen his critiques of Trump.

Bush allies still believe Rubio is vulnerable on the question of experience because of his short stint in the U.S. Senate and the ease with which his rivals could compare him to Barack Obama, who won the presidency just four years into his first term on Capitol Hill.

And while his bungled response to questions about his brother's decision to invade Iraq created problems for Bush earlier this summer, the renewed debate over 9/11 this week offered Bush an opening to critique Bill Clinton's handling of Osama bin Laden in the 1990s.

""The Clinton administration made a mistake of thinking bin Laden had to be viewed from a law enforcement perspective,"" Bush said in an interview with FOX's Sean Hannity. ""Similarly, President Obama's polices seemed to be focused on that as well.""

Murphy appeared to use Bush's air war this week to emphasize the candidate's staying power.

""He can outlast the noise, his candidate performance will be excellent and we're an amplifier,"" Murphy said in the Bloomberg Politics interview, alluding to the $100 million war chest raised by the independent group earlier this summer. Laying out the super PAC's strategy for navigating the primary, he argued that the group can keep Bush on the air and get his message out through the gantlet of primaries.

""We see February 1 to March 15, 45 days, as our period to seize the nomination and get in front,"" Murphy said, outlining his theory of the race. ""We have the resources to pursue that campaign. Most of these other guys are all running on spec. We're at a point now where we're significantly funded for those 45 days, cash in the bank today. Nobody else is in that situation in this race. Nobody's close.""

Still, outsider candidates Trump and Ben Carson led the pack in the CNN poll with 27% and 22% respectively, and their supporters expressed a far higher level of enthusiasm about their candidacies.

Nearly a third of Trump supporters and a quarter of Carson backers said they were ""very enthusiastic"" about the two men's bids. When Bush's supporters were asked that same question, only 3% said they were ""very enthusiastic"" about his candidacy.

Bush has not fared much better in early state polls despite having a sizable organization on the ground: a dozen staffers in Iowa, 13 in New Hampshire, seven in South Carolina and more than a half-dozen in Nevada.

In what could be a sign of things to come for the campaign, one surrogate who recently has come to his aid on the fundraising front is his brother. Behind closed doors during a recent fundraiser, George W. Bush expressed confidence in his brother's slow and steady approach to the race and distaste for another rival, Ted Cruz, who worked on George W. Bush's campaign.

The former president will also headline a fundraiser for his brother's presidential campaign while he's in town for a Bush-Cheney alumni event, according to an invitation obtained by CNN.

While the elder Bush's presidency has created a headache for Jeb Bush by forcing him to constantly explain to voters how his leadership style would differ from his brother's, allies noted the irony this week of the fact that Jeb Bush seems animated and passionate when defending his brother.

""I think as a general matter that Jeb Bush does not want to be engaged in combat with Donald Trump, because you're distracting from your own message and your own ability to get better known if you're just known for fighting with somebody,"" said Charlie Black, a Republican veteran strategist who advised President George H.W. Bush but is neutral in the 2016 race.

""In this case, because Jeb's brother was attacked, there's no doubt that he's going to come out strong and be aggressive,"" said Black. But going forward Bush will need to move his message beyond Trump to show he can sustain his own spotlight. ""When Trump hits Jeb, Jeb should not respond, surrogates should respond and let Donald fight with the surrogates.""",1
1372,Clinton ekes out win in Iowa against Sanders,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
2324,Hillary Clinton tributes fuel 2016 buzz,"Despite her repeated statements that she will leave public service once her successor is in place, buzz about a possible second run for the presidency by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is in full force following the showing of a tribute video of her career.

Before delivering remarks on U.S. and Israeli relations Friday, the Saban Center for Middle East Policy at the Brookings Institution rolled out a video replete with soaring music and effusive praise of Clinton's career by high-profile leaders and luminaries, and with it, continued speculation about whether she really has run her last political race.

""As someone who knows a thing or two about political comebacks, I don't think we have heard the last of Hillary Clinton,"" Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in the video.

""I have an instinct that the best is yet to come,"" said Tony Blair, the Middle East envoy and former British prime minister.

The video was part of the ninth annual forum by the Saban Center that focuses on the ongoing conflict between Israelis and Palestinians, and the U.S. role in dealing with it.

Clinton has repeatedly said that she intends to retire to private life once her successor is confirmed by the Senate, and that another run for the White House is not in the cards for her.

""Look, I'm flattered. I am honored,"" she told CNN's Wolf Blitzer this year about calls by other Democrats for her to consider another run in 2016. ""That is not in the future for me, but obviously I'm hoping that I'll get to cast my vote for a woman running for president of our country.""

But with other notable figures like Sen. John McCain, R-Arizona, adding a healthy dose of bipartisan praise for America's top diplomat in the video, the never-ending question of will she or won't she seemingly lives another day. The blogosphere and airwaves were full of predictions Monday that the video signaled Clinton would make another run for the White House.

""The film was like an international endorsement four years in advance of the Iowa caucus and the New Hampshire primary,"" wrote David Remnick of The New Yorker magazine.

Clinton's onetime competitor and current boss added to the tribute.

""A lot has been said about our relationship, and here's what I know,"" President Obama said in the video. ""You haven't only been one of my closest partners, you have become a great friend.""

Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Salam Fayyad, Israeli President Shimon Peres and former U.S. Secretary of State Madeline Albright added their praise for Clinton in the video as well.

""I am somewhat overwhelmed, but I'm obviously thinking I should sit down,"" Clinton said to laughter as she took the stage to begin her remarks. ""I prepared some remarks for tonight, but then I thought maybe we could just watch that video a few more times.""",1
4458,Facebook Isn’t Just Making Us Less Partisan. It’s Making Us Less Politically Engaged.,"When Facebook entered the news business in 2006, it set out to cover its own users. Facebook had launched as a static collection of profiles, but now, every time a user uploaded a new photo or changed her favorite quote, the development surfaced in a rolling stream of updates that Facebook called the “News Feed.” Every status update was a “news story”; the algorithm that chose which stories to boost was called “the publisher.” The publisher, Facebook told its users at the time, was interested in stories like “Mark adds Britney Spears to his Favorites” and “your crush is single again.” As David Kirkpatrick reported in his 2010 book The Facebook Effect, Mark Zuckerberg articulated the News Feed’s guiding principle to staff like so: “A squirrel dying in front of your house may be more relevant to your interests right now than people dying in Africa.” The New York Times would cover the African conflict. The News Feed would show you the squirrel.

Now Facebook is poised to begin publishing New York Times stories directly to its own site. Last year the Pew Research Center deemed Facebook the second-most popular source for political and government news among American Internet users, just behind local TV. Facebook has officially entered the news-news business. What kinds of stories does its publisher value now?

A new study published online in Science last week sheds some light. Three researchers, all Facebook employees, culled data from 10 million Facebook users, 7 million news articles shared on the site, and the users’ combined 3.8 billion “potential exposures” to that content in order to find out how “ideologically diverse news and opinion” spreads (or doesn’t) among liberal and conservative users. They found that the News Feed algorithm—which has long been accused of shielding users from politically oppositional content—decreased the visibility of ideologically “cross-cutting” news by 8 percent for liberals and 5 percent for conservatives. From there, liberals were 6 percent less likely to click on a story from a conservative source (like Fox News), while conservatives were 17 percent less likely to click over to a left-leaning site (like the Huffington Post). The Facebook researchers concluded that “[i]ndividual choice has a larger role in limiting exposure to ideologically cross cutting content” than Facebook’s engineers do. All in all, users are “exposed to more cross-cutting discourse in social media” than we had all thought.

The study is a clever bit of misdirection. I don’t doubt its results—getting your news from Facebook isn’t as ideologically isolating as, say, watching Fox News or MSNBC. But its title, “Exposure to ideologically diverse news and opinion on Facebook,” makes Facebook sound like a pulsing marketplace of political opinion and news. Meanwhile, I’m scrolling down my News Feed and finding videos of Tina Fey faux-stripping and an orangutan cuddling an armful of tiger cubs. Facebook may help nudge liberals a little to the left and conservatives a little to the right, but its greatest influence over Americans is toward political disengagement.

The “liberals” and “conservatives” tracked in the Facebook study actually represent a slim slice of the site’s users. The study included only people who proudly complete the “political views” section of their profile, and just 4 percent of adult Americans on Facebook fit the bill. That’s a curious group to focus on, because the generation that’s most active on Facebook is also the least likely to identify with a political orientation. Last year’s Pew report on the beliefs and behaviors of millennials—81 percent of whom are on Facebook—found that a full 50 percent of millennials consider themselves politically independent. Their political “disaffiliation” rivals or exceeds that of any group Pew has ever studied in its 25-year existence. Instead, millennials “are building their own networks,” Pew concluded—not “through political parties, organized religion or marriage” but “through social media.” Facebook isn’t just facilitating communication between members of different political parties. It is replacing political parties.

Millennials, the New America Foundation found last year, are less likely to vote or pledge allegiance to a party, but they do engage in some “civic uses of social media.” (Slate has a publishing partnership with the New America Foundation.) Here’s one sad data point supporting that conclusion: Forty-four percent of millennials have “liked” a piece of political material on social media. Meanwhile, a study published last year in New Media & Society found that being active on Facebook does not encourage teenagers to become more politically engaged. It doesn’t inspire them to join protests or sign petitions or affix buttons or even post political thoughts on the Internet. But it does inspire them to spend more time entertaining themselves—chatting with friends, downloading songs, shopping online, and engaging in other “consumerist-oriented” activities. This is a convenient outcome for Facebook. It’s easy to see why Facebook would prefer young people to see Facebook as a shopping mall rather than a soapbox. These users are easier to monetize and less likely to offend.

After Eli Pariser, Upworthy CEO and the author of The Filter Bubble: What the Internet Is Hiding From You, parsed the Facebook study, he admitted that the algorithm’s contribution to the partisan divide was “smaller than I’d have guessed.” But he also noted that the study elided a more basic question: How does Facebook’s algorithm manipulate the spread of news in general? One of the more revelatory data points embedded in the study concerns the proportion of “hard content” (stories about stuff like campaigns, war, health care, and abortion) and “soft content” (links about sports, entertainment, food, gadgets, and fashion) shared on the site. After assessing millions of links, the researchers declared over 90 percent of them soft. Really soft: Examples include a Blind Melon video, a Cyber Monday sale, and a link to a collection of inspirational photos paired with motivational quotes. And the study assessed only the content that links off of Facebook. Consider all the engagement announcements and pet photos that dominate your News Feed, and Facebook’s journalistic priorities appear even fluffier.

In theory, Facebook presents an unprecedented opportunity for political cross-pollination. In a 2012 study on polarization and social media, Stanford researchers cited studies dating back to 1967 showing that “people do not encounter attitude-challenging information in large part due to their social milieu, habits, and lack of perceived benefits for seeking out such information.” But on Facebook, users connect with friends, past friends, extended family members, co-workers, neighbors, and strangers, many of whom are likely to hold political beliefs that differ from their own. Just don’t expect them to talk about it on Facebook. Last year Pew studied how Americans discussed Edward Snowden’s leaking of NSA documents and found that while 86 percent of Americans would share their opinion among friends over dinner, only 42 percent of social media users were willing to post about it online. Americans were “more willing to share their views if they thought their audience agreed with them.” And the silence followed Facebook users even after they logged off: Facebookers were 50 percent less likely to discuss Snowden in person than nonusers were.

So instead of sparking political debates, Facebook users convene over the soft stuff. The Facebook researchers found that while pieces of hard news tend to circulate in ideological silos, soft content percolates across the aisle. I may scroll past one liberal friend’s links expressing unconditional allegiance to Hillary Clinton, but I’ll stop and like her video of a Great Dane puppy throwing a temper tantrum. This makes Facebook a powerful force for human connection, but a poor destination for political engagement. The Facebook Effect’s Kirkpatrick put a rosier spin on the situation: Now that we include Facebook on our list of legitimate news sources, he said, journalists can boast that young people are reading more news than ever before. The one catch: “They’re just reading about their friends.”",1
3405,GOP's message to voters should be this: Supreme Court fight is about Obama's abuse of power,"Let us be clear: Republicans in the Senate are under no obligation to interview, vote on or confirm President Obama’s pick for the Supreme Court. It does not matter that the president has nominated Judge Merrick Garland, who is widely admired as a competent jurist. It is not about the person, it is about principle – but the GOP leadership has been remarkably inept at framing what that principle is and why they are in the right.

The point is this: President Obama has caused this conflict, by diminishing the role of the legislature and assuming unprecedented power for the executive branch. He has purposefully skirted Congress for the better part of seven years, instead pushing ahead on his mostly unpopular agenda through regulations and executive orders. As a result, the Court is being asked to act as referee, ruling on the legality of Obama’s “my way or the highway” presidency. You don’t change a referee in the middle of a contest.

This isn’t about Judge Robert Bork, or the “Biden Rule” -- this is a fight about President Obama undermining the checks and balances established in the Constitution.

For instance, President Obama has tried to essentially shut down our coal industry through new EPA regulations limiting carbon emissions. These rules would create a massive dislocation to our economy, which has long benefited from cheap energy, including abundant coal. That there is a significant cost to the economy is clear; Hillary Clinton recently said “We’re going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business.”  How right, and how cruelly nonchalant that statement is. As reported in the New York Times, “The plan could transform the nation’s electricity system, cutting emissions from existing power plants by a third by 2030, from a 2005 baseline, by closing hundreds of heavily polluting coal-fired plants and increasing production of wind and solar power.”

Because of the sizeable cost to the economy, lower courts have ruled against the president’s anti-coal regulatory blitz. The Supreme Court, in an unprecedented move, issued a stay requested by 29 states and numerous other groups which prevents implementation of the carbon rule while a lower court  assesses its legality. In effect, the courts will rule on whether the White House is allowed to unilaterally punish one of our heritage industries and tens of thousands of workers.

Another important issue before the Supreme Court is President Obama’s executive action allowing some 6 million people living in the country illegally to be protected against deportation. This unilateral effort to rewrite our immigration laws is opposed by a majority of Americans; but, it is a politically useful policy for Democrats hoping to win Latino votes. Because of possibly harmful consequences, 26 states sued to prevent the order from taking effect.

Last fall, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in favor of those states, upholding an earlier injunction that blocked implementation of the president’s executive order. At the time, Ken Paxton, Attorney General of Texas, which is leading the suit, said, ““Today, the Fifth Circuit asserted that the separation of powers remains the law of the land, and the president must follow the rule of law, just like everybody else.” That’s the point.

For the Republican leadership, refusing to consider Mr. Obama’s nominee is a matter of principle, and also an opportunity to reward voters for having elected a Republican Congress. Mitch McConnell, John Boehner and others have come under heavy criticism for not effectively countering President Obama’s policies. In fairness, substantial resistance from Congress led the president to go his own way, using whatever tools he could find to pursue his “legacy” agenda. Many think those tools went beyond the rightful scope of the executive branch. Now, it is up to the Supreme Court to decide.

Because the Court will weigh whether Mr. Obama has overstepped, he cannot be allowed to put his thumb on the scale by adding another sympathetic jurist. This is the message that Republican leaders need to send to voters: the president has abused his authority, and we rely on the Supreme Court to reestablish the checks and balances that prevent an imperial White House. The GOP should not be cowed by the bloviating of the New York Times; they are on the right side of this battle.

Liz Peek is a writer who contributes frequently to FoxNews.com. She is a financial columnist who also writes for The Fiscal Times. For more visit LizPeek.com. Follow her on Twitter@LizPeek.",1
3464,Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand Says Supreme Court Decision On Marriage Equality 'Just the Beginning',"“Our fight for LGBT equality is not nearly over,” Senator Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.) stated emphatically in an interview with me last week on SiriusXM Progress. “And I’m hopeful, very hopeful, that the Supreme Court will say it’s unconstitutional to ban gay marriage. But that’s really just the beginning of fighting for our rights. We have to actually make sure all LGBT couples can have full parenting rights, have full social security and other federal benefit rights. We want to make sure companies can’t discriminate against members of the community because of who they love and who they are. And it’s really important [to take on] discrimination wherever it exists.”

Toward that end, Gillibrand last week reintroduced the Every Child Deserve a Family Act, which she originally introduced in 2013 and which would bar adoption and foster care agencies that receive federal dollars from discriminating on the basis of sexual orientation. Though Gillibrand says she's seeking bipartisan support in the Senate and will continue speaking with Republicans, so far co-sponsors include a handful of fellow Democrats, such as openly lesbian Sen. Tammy Baldwin (D-Wis.) and Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), and independent Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, who is running for the Democratic nomination for the presidency.

“Only seven states ban discrimination based on sexual orientation in adoption, and only five explicitly ban discrimination in foster care,” Gillibrand said in the interview. “So we have a long way to go. We only have a few states protecting LGBT parents. The reality is, there are two million LGBT individuals and families that are willing and able to take on these parenting obligations, to adopt these children or foster these children who desperately need it. Unfortunately, there are 400,000 children in the U.S. foster care system today and more than 20,000 of them are going to age-out before finding a permanent home. So we should be caring for these kids. We should give them the loving families they deserve.”

The bill, if it becomes law, would only affect those agencies that take federal money, and they are free to opt-out from receiving funds.

""If you’re getting the benefit of federal funds, you can’t discriminate,” Gillibrand said. “It’s unconstitutional, and you should not be able to use our taxpayer dollars to discriminate against individuals based on their sexual orientation and who they love. So I think it’s important we fight against it, particularly when our taxpayer dollars are being used.”

“This legislation would prohibit adoption agencies and foster care agencies, including religious adoption agencies and foster care agencies, from providing services in many cases,” Lori Windham, Senior Counsel with the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty told the Catholic news agency, EWTN News. Peter Sprigg, senior fellow for policy studies at the Family Research Council, is quoted in the same article saying there are “unique problems” with allowing gays and lesbians to adopt children. Claiming there is “overwhelming” evidence while not citing any studies, Sprigg said, “I think it’s legitimate to disfavor them or to exclude them altogether.”",1
4209,After a terrible week Trump sticks with style over substance in Wisconsin,"Having just spent an hour on Sunday evening watching Donald Trump in a town hall setting with Fox's Greta Van Susteren moderating from Madison, Wisconsin, I am left with one impression: I don't want to buy a car from this guy.

I have no idea what the final outcome of this nomination battle will be -- or whether Trump can be elected president of the United States -- but I do know this, he can dance and he's one hell of a salesman.

After having experienced , for him, probably the worst week of this election cycle, I was curious if he would clean up or restate some of his controversial statements on abortion ( 4 different answers in a week), his dismissal of NATO and the United Nations, his comments suggesting Japan and South Korea might need to arm themselves with nuclear weapons  and -- along with Saudi Arabia -- pay the U.S. a lot more money for our services because they are all rich and we are $20 trillion dollars in debt.  Yes, it’s true, the United States is not the policeman of the world or nor should we be. Trump also didn't add any details for his plan to pay off the debt in 8 years by not raising taxes. He didn't restate or make any of it clearer.

It was an hour of performance -- not substance -- and certainly not anything different from what we've heard him say in various debates or in the hundreds of hours he has performed on television.

He's gonna repeal ObamaCare and put in a system of many options (not defined or explained ) that will be better, less expensive and everybody will be covered and everyone will be happy with their coverage.  And no one’s going to die in the streets.

Taxes are going to be lower for everyone but the rich hedge fund guys who aren't paying their fair share. (OK, I agree with him on that one.)

He's going to renegotiate all the bad trade deals starting with the most recent Iran deal. (Again, I agree with that one.) And he’s also going to bring all the jobs home from China and Mexico and any other countries that have stolen our them. Of course, I’m not quite sure how this is going to work because there were no details provided in his answers.

He's going to knock out ISIS, stop airline mergers, fix the college education program because costs are too high and kids are being ripped off.

He's gonna stop the drug epidemic in New Hampshire because they are good people and gave him his first real victory. He did give details on this one.

He going to make one call into Mexico to someone (I assume to Enrique Peña Nieto who is the 57th president of Mexico. He's also the guy to talk to about paying for the $10 billion fence) and tell him to cut off the drugs or else.

If you missed the hour on Sunday night don't worry you because you will see a similar version of the Donald Trump show again and the sound bites will be the same.

Trump has said that one of his heroes is the great heavyweight champion Muhammad Ali who, at the end of his career, invented the ""Rope a Dope"" to keep from getting hit and to wear out his opponents by evading their punches.

Donald Trump has perfected his own version of ""Rope a Dope"" -- keep talking and avoid specifics.

Now, about that used car. Don't worry, it will be the greatest and it will be the cheapest and best looking and I will be very happy.

Unfortunately, for Trump on Sunday night while he was ""Rope a Doping"" in Madison, the Cruz team was kicking his tail in North Dakota and picked up at least 18 of the 25 delegates who are either supporting Cruz or are against Trump.

The long fight for the Republican nomination is a long way from finished and Donald Trump is still marching on.

Cruz is running a great grass root campaign and Trump is running a great marketing effort. He is the product and he is the number one salesman.

Edward J. Rollins is a Fox News contributor. He is a former assistant to President Reagan and he managed his reelection campaign. He is a senior presidential fellow at Hofstra University and a member of the Political Consultants Hall of Fame. He is a strategist for Great America PAC, an independant group that is supporting Donald Trump for president.",1
4249,7 takeaways from the Republican debate,"(CNN) Republicans began their debate Thursday night with insults and ended with three candidates pledging to back Donald Trump should he win the nomination.

Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz took more shots at Trump in Fox News' debate -- and through it all, the billionaire businessman seemed to relish standing center stage, defending himself against foes and moderators while showing his mettle to supporters.

All three were happy to deflect efforts to drag them into sustained policy discussions and kept things personal. Ohio Gov. John Kasich was content to stand to the side and watch it all.

Here are seven takeaways from Thursday's Republican debate:

Minutes into the debate, Trump was boasting about the size of his penis.

Clearly annoyed that Rubio had joked days ago about the size of Trump's hands -- suggesting, as Trump put it, that ""if they're small, something else might be small"" -- the Republican front-runner made a claim seldom heard during a presidential debate.

""I guarantee you, there's no problem. I guarantee you,"" he said.

It was a PG-13 start to a two-hour food fight that parents wouldn't have wanted their kids to watch.

Early on, as Rubio pressed Trump for more policy details, the two gave each other nicknames. ""Don't worry about it, Little Marco,"" Trump said, to which Rubio responded, ""Let's hear it, Big Donald.""

Trump said Florida wouldn't elect Rubio dogcatcher after all of his missed Senate votes. Cruz gave Trump instructions on letting go of his anger: ""Donald, learn not to interrupt, it's not complicated. Count to 10, Donald. Count to 10. Count to 10.""

Later, when Cruz told Trump to ""breathe,"" Rubio jumped in and joked that the two were doing yoga.

""I really hope that we don't see yoga on this stage,"" Cruz answered.

And then Rubio pointed to Trump, who'd just admitted his flexibility on policies, and said: ""Well he's very flexible, so you never know.""

It seemed as if Fox News had grown tired of Trump's opponents' inability to knock him down -- so the moderators decided to do it themselves.

Chris Wallace had a real-time fact check queued up when Trump asserted he'd cut $500 billion in spending -- pointing out that his strategies, eliminating the Department of Education and the Environmental Protection Agency (which Trump called the Department of Environmental Protection), would save just a fraction of that amount.

It forced an awkward and unspecific claim about ""other things"" out of Trump.

""I'm not only talking about drugs, I'm talking about other things,"" he said. ""We'll save more than $300 billion a year if we negotiate. We don't negotiate.""

Megyn Kelly took her shot later on, setting up three clips of Trump taking one policy position and then, days later, taking the opposite position.

Trump was unmoored, insisting he had logical explanations about his reversals on Syrian refugees, the war in Afghanistan and more -- and that by the way, it doesn't matter much anyway.

""You have to have a certain degree of flexibility,"" he said.

Ted Cruz needs Trump's momentum to ebb as much as anyone, but he didn't spend much of the night on the attack. For the most part, Cruz stood aside and watched Rubio and Trump rip each other to shreds, and then turned to the audience and threw up his hands.

""Megyn, let me just ask the voters at home: Is this the debate you want playing out in the general election?"" he said.

Cruz took his shots at Trump, too, but he let Rubio do the dirty work -- betting that he, rather than the Florida senator, will reap the benefits.

Rubio, for instance, built on the attack line Mitt Romney started earlier in the day regarding Trump University, pressing Trump over and over to admit he was ripping off the people who paid $36,000 for his courses at a school that's now the subject of a class-action lawsuit.

Cruz is trying to co-opt the angry electorate that Trump has tapped into, and his pitch is simple: Trump is the villain you've been mad at.

""For 40 years, Donald has been part of the corruption in Washington that you're angry about,"" he said.

It's entirely possible that the debate did nothing to change Cruz's fortunes. But he does have a big opportunity on the horizon.

Of the four states to only allow Republicans to vote in GOP nominating contests, Cruz has won three, thanks to his strength among conservatives and the rules limiting Trump's ability to expand the electorate. And all four states set to vote Saturday -- Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana and Maine -- have closed contests.

Kasich will not, under any circumstances, engage directly with his foes on the debate stage.

""As the Democrats tell me all the time, I can get the crossover votes,"" he boasted early in the debate, adding that he's often told at town halls that he seems to be ""the adult on stage.""

""I've talked about issues. I have never tried to go and get into these kinda scrums that we're seeing here,"" he said.

He demonstrated his experience on economic and budgetary challenges and foreign policy, and showed no signs of backing out of the race anytime soon -- especially not before Ohio's March 15 primary.

For Rubio, that's all a big problem.

The man who won the hearts of the Republican establishment by confronting Trump head-on in the last debate was ready to hit the billionaire again and again -- but a 1-for-11 Super Tuesday intervened, and some of the shine wore off.

He confronted Trump once again, baiting the business mogul by calling him names, attacking his business ventures and accusing him of knowing nothing about policy -- even though he struggled with a raspy voice.

On the campaign trail, Trump has proposed changing U.S. libel laws so that politicians can more easily sue journalists.

But on Thursday night, Trump said the bond between reporters and politicians who agree to go off-the-record is too strong to break. That, he said, is why he won't ask The New York Times to release a transcript or recording of an off-the-record conversation he had with the newspaper's editorial board about immigration.

""I think being off the record is very important. I will honor it,"" he said.

Then, Trump allowed -- as his foes claimed -- that he might have softened his hard-line stance he has taken on the campaign trail that he will build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border and deport 11 million undocumented immigrants.

""I will say that in immigration as well as with anything else, there has to be tug and pull. You have to be able to have some flexibility,"" he said. ""I may have said something like that with The New York Times. But I am not going to release something off the record.""

Trump's opponents pounced on his remark, but they could be misreading his support. Many Trump backers say they know he can't achieve everything he proposes, but believe he'll fight for it more effectively than anyone else.

In an interview with CNN's Dana Bash afterward, he defended that flexibility, saying: ""I'm flexible with everything. You can't just say, 'this is it and I'm never going to talk,'"" he said. ""With that being said, you have to make great deals.""

Coming less than 12 hours after Mitt Romney launched a scathing broadside against Trump, the candidates' answer to the last question of the debate was particularly striking.

Fox News moderators asked Rubio, Cruz and Kasich whether they'd back Trump if he wins the nomination.

All three said yes.

The moment won't help Rubio -- who had joined the #NeverTrump movement of Republicans vowing not to support Trump on Twitter last week -- with that crowd.

More important, though, is what they didn't say.

The premise of the question was that Trump had already won the nomination. But there are scenarios in which Republicans could have more chances to stop that from happening, even after all 50 states vote.

A better question: Would the Republican field support the candidate who wins the most delegates?

So what does this change?

Trump struggled with policy details, butted in when other candidates were speaking and sparred with the moderators.

So what else is new?

His sharp, and sharply personal, exchanges with his rivals might have been amped up Thursday night, but still sounded much like Trump's first 10 debates.

The front-runner doesn't get rattled or lose his wit, even when he is under attack from everyone else on stage. He often seems to relish it -- as if his foes' criticism gives him an excuse to stop holding back.

None of the debates so far have changed the trajectory of the race -- in part because Trump is the master of the debate post-game, finding ways to deflect weak points and suck up media oxygen while branding his foes with nicknames like ""Little Marco"" and ""Lyin' Ted"" and claiming victory -- no matter what happened.",1
1888,Clinton's super PAC fundraising irks progressives,"(CNN) Hillary Clinton's decision to personally raise money for a super PAC supporting her campaign is agitating her progressive critics, who see the move as further proof that the Democratic presidential frontrunner doesn't share some of their values.

There was never any expectation that Clinton would renounce super PAC money this election cycle. But liberal activists determined to use the Democratic primary to pressure Clinton to embrace a progressive agenda say the idea of the former secretary of state personally wooing the wealthiest class of donors runs counter to the populist rhetoric she's employed this year.

Within days of announcing her White House bid, Clinton had called out wealthy investors for paying too little in taxes and pledged to get big money out of politics. At the time, it was a welcome message for liberal Democrats who are uncomfortable with Clinton's close ties to Wall Street and find the prominent role of super PACs in elections utterly distasteful.

But the recent revelation that Clinton will personally fundraise for a super PAC supporting her campaign -- a decision to play by the rules of a system she has condemned as ""dysfunctional"" -- has invited fresh eye-rolling. It has also exposed a core tension for Democrats, who have increasingly embraced super PACs at the same time that they decry the explosion of soft money in national politics.

Clinton seems to be having fun on the campaign trail

Clinton's campaign is explaining the decision as a matter of political necessity.

""With some Republican candidates reportedly setting up and outsourcing their entire campaign to super PACs and the Koch Brothers pledging $1 billion alone for the 2016 campaign, Democrats have to have the resources to fight back,"" a Clinton campaign official said in an email, who spoke anonymously to discuss the sensitive topic of fundraising. ""There is too much at stake for our future for Democrats to unilaterally disarm.""

Clinton's expected involvement with Priorities USA has highlighted the contrast between her and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, an independent who is Clinton's only declared rival to date for the Democratic presidential nomination, as well as other potential challengers.

An independent from Vermont seeking the Democratic presidential nomination, Sanders has aggressively opposed super PAC donations. A long-shot candidate without a national fundraising operation, Sanders has no chance of matching Clinton's fundraising haul and has little to lose by going after millionaire and billionaire donors.

On Capitol Hill last week, Sanders told CNN that Clinton's decision to personally court super PAC donors was ""unfortunate.""

""We're living in a world since Citizens United where multi-millionaires and billionaires are playing a horrendous role in the political system,"" Sanders said, referring to the Supreme Court's 2010 ruling that paved the way for super PACs to direct virtually uncapped amounts of money to aid political candidates. ""That's why I believe that we need to overturn Citizens United and move to public funding of elections.""

Phil Noble, a South Carolina Democratic activist and supporter of former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, a potential Democratic candidate for president, said the development underscores what progressives view as a ""fundamental disconnect"" between Clinton and middle class voters.

""It's not that she raises a bunch of money for a PAC that causes her problems with middle class voters. That is a symptom as opposed to the ailment,"" Noble said. ""The larger illness is she is out of touch with middle class voters -- she does have a lifestyle and a history that is about as alien to middle class voters as corporate jets are to a Subaru.""

And activists who are pushing Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren to challenge Clinton see campaign finance reform as a major issue.

""Being a true champion for working families like Elizabeth Warren is about clearly and unequivocally supporting such critical priorities as a constitutional amendment overturning Citizens United,"" said Erica Sagrans, campaign manager for Ready for Warren, a movement dedicated to drafting Sen. Elizabeth Warren into the 2016 race.

Clinton's personal involvement with Priorities USA marks the latest chapter in the Democratic Party's evolving relationship with super PACs.

Democrats initially fiercely opposed Citizens United. But for all of their rhetoric against super PACs, and as much as the party continues to use the Supreme Court decision as a political rallying cry, over the years political interest has largely won out over progressive idealism.

In 2012, President Barack Obama reversed course, declaring after years of keeping his distance from super PACs that his campaign would participate in raising money for Priorities USA.

Now that tension is being brought to new heights as the party's next likely presidential nominee personally plans to drum up support for a super PAC backing her candidacy.

Clinton allies also see that her fundraising prowess and the depth of her connections with the kinds of donors who can cut multi-million dollar checks will likely make her a formidable competitor against any Republican candidate she may face in the general election. Officials are careful to emphasize, however, that Clinton and everyone else involved with her campaign will strictly follow the law as they solicit funds for Priorities USA.

The 2016 money race is well underway on the other side of the political aisle.

Declared GOP candidates including Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas and Marco Rubio of Florida, as well as expected candidates like former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, are on a fundraising tear. And they've shown no signs of distancing themselves from super PAC money. Cruz launched his campaign in March, and the senator's allies declared that an affiliated network of pro-Cruz super PACs had raised upwards of $30 million in just a matter of days.

The stiff competition against Republican money is a reality that some progressive leaders say they cannot ignore.

Former Vermont governor and Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean said it would be unwise for Clinton to reject super PAC money.

""Unfortunately, if you don't play by the same rules everybody else does, you end up losing elections,"" said Dean, founder of Democracy for America, one of the groups behind the draft Warren movement. ""The key is to change the rules, and I think we have a much better chance of doing that with her as president than we do with one of the Republicans.""",1
1496,Rand Paul: I won the debate last night,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
5167,Evangelical Leader: Trump Campaign Broken from the Inside,"The Trump campaign is coming apart from the inside, according to Regent University's Dr. Gerson Moreno-Riano, and only the days ahead will show whether the candidate can bring people together, not only in his inner circle, but in the Republican Party.

Regent Univerity's Dr. Gerson Moreno-Riano talks more about Trump's challenge with Evangelicals. Watch above.

Trump fired campaign manager Corey Lewandowski Monday amid reports of disagreements and infighting among the staff.

""I think what's happened with the Trump campaign is, I think it's fractured itself internally,"" Moreno-Riano said. ""I think that it is trying to meet a number of different objectives and keep a number of constituencies very, very happy and it has been unable to do so.""

""And I think this is just symptomatic of a broader, a more deeper problem within the American electorate, particularly GOP evangelicals,"" he added.

Moreno-Riano said the test for Trump is to find a way to bring his message under control and highlight the core concerns of GOP constituencies, including evangelicals.

""The dilemma has always been whether Trump himself has what I'll call the internal character-based resources to pull this off,"" he explained. ""He is a man who is very direct, very strong-minded and the question is: Does he have enough discipline, both personally and professionally, enough political discipline to pull this off? I think at the end of the day, it's his question to answer.""

The decision to fire his campaign manager comes just one day before Trump is set to meet with hundreds of evangelical leaders in New York City to answer their questions and lay to rest the many concerns they have about his conservative -- and Christian -- bona fides.

Moreno-Riano listed abortion, religious liberty, and the Supreme Court as some of the most important issues he can address in the meeting, including the question, ""Are you truly someone who understands the evangelical mindset -- those areas of deep concern?""

But he pointed out evangelicals themselves are not united.

They need to ""bring unity to the table and I just don't see that,"" he said.

Since the 1950s evangelicals have failed to rally around any candidate and ""that's too big a burden to place on Trump,"" he said. ""I think they're going to try to assess whether he's truly evangelical or not, so it's a big challenge for him to try and unite them around a common denominator. That's going to be difficult.""",1
3047,These political scientists may have just discovered why U.S. politics are a disaster,"There's a lot of disgust in America with politicians' inability to get things done. In the race to win the Republican presidential nomination, that disgust has so far benefited outsider candidates. Non-career politicians Donald Trump, Carly Fiorina and Ben Carson have all promised to ride in and fix Washington.

But new research by Nolan McCarty, a professor at Princeton University, and other political scientists suggests this disgust — and America's political dysfunction — won't be that easy to fix. Working with political scientist Boris Shor and economist John Voorheis, McCarty has released a new study that shows that the growing ideological gap between the Republican and Democratic parties — a common obstacle to getting anything done in Washington — is not just due to politicians' incompetence or their unwillingness to work together. It's due, at least in part, to a deeper, structural problem: the widening gap between the rich and poor.

McCarty says he shares some of the disgust that Americans feel about polarized politics and gridlock in Washington. ""But I think it’s important for readers and voters to understand . . . that these problems are not just simply because career politicians are acting in bad faith or, as Donald Trump would say, they’re stupid losers. They’re really deep structural problems,"" he says.

By looking at extensive data on U.S. states over the past few decades, the researchers show that the widening gap between the rich and the poor in recent decades has moved state legislatures toward the right overall, while also increasing the ideological distance between those on the right and those on the left.

This map below shows the Gini coefficient, a measure of income inequality, for each state going back to 1997. A lower Gini figure indicates that people in the state are earning more equal incomes, while a higher one (marked here in darker green) shows that incomes are more unequal. (You can disregard the axes here — they just show latitude and longitude.)

The paper argues that this trend has gone hand in hand with the growing political divide. The states that have the highest levels of inequality, or the fastest growth in equality, have also tended to see the most political polarization, the paper says.

Using a scale of state legislator ideology that looks at annual surveys of the beliefs of candidates since the mid-1990s, the researchers map where Democrats have shifted to the left and Republicans have shifted to the right at the state level. The map below gives an ideological ""score"" in each state for each chamber — in most states, a House of Representatives and a Senate.

A more negative score and a deeper blue color on the map indicate that the state chamber is more liberal, while a positive score and deeper red color show the state is more conservative. You can see that blue states have become bluer and red states redder since 1997. A look at party composition in each state shows the same trend.

It's not just that these two trends of inequality and polarization are happening simultaneously. The researchers use statistical methods to eliminate other factors and show that a state's income inequality has a large, positive and causal effect on its political polarization. Furthermore, these results have increased in magnitude in recent years and seem to be concentrated in the states that are ""reddest"" by the end of the sample.

In other words, growing inequality is a strong force pushing both parties farther from the center.

The paper doesn't specifically say why this happens, except that politics gets more polarized with each election. It appears that people on either end of the economic spectrum have been developing even more different political preferences and electing people to represent those preferences.

Interestingly, however, the study shows that inequality is affecting the two parties in different ways.

First, the researchers find that Democrats as a whole have shifted farther to the left than the Republicans have to the right, with very liberal Democrats becoming even more liberal. But at the level of the state legislature, they find that ideology as a whole has shifted slightly to the right. The reason is that there has been a change in the partisan balance, with Republicans winning more seats from moderate Democrats over time.

""As the Democrat party has shrunk nationally over the course of the last 15 years, the disproportionate effect has been the replacement of moderate Democrats with Republicans, and that has tended to happen most often in states with high levels of inequality, or where inequality is growing the fastest,” McCarty said.

The map below, which shows the percentage of seats held by Republicans, illustrates how that has happened. The percentage of seats held by Republicans has increased, especially through the South and middle America, since 1997:

This study offers evidence that inequality leads to political polarization. Though they have yet to produce definitive findings, the researchers also believe, as many others in their field do, that political polarization also in turn produces more inequality, creating a vicious feedback loop of inequality and polarized politics.

How does that work? Not only are more conservative lawmakers less likely to favor redistribution, the political gridlock that results from having a more polarized system makes it harder to pass bills that might reduce income inequality, such as increasing the minimum wage, strengthening union bargaining power, or increasing redistribution through welfare, researchers say.

The research suggests that political polarization is not just a product of gerrymandering, the way districts are drawn, or caused by features of the state political system, such as having closed partisan primaries, McCarty says.

Instead, he argues that America's political polarization is a reflection of bigger, broader changes in the United States, in particular that the country has become much more diverse in terms of its economic, racial and ethnic makeup than it was in the 1950s. The diversity, unsurprisingly, has a direct impact on the political system, and we have yet to figure out how to repair the system to reflect a more diverse society, McCarty says.

So what does this mean for average voters in the near term? For one, they should be skeptical of candidates who promise an easy fix to political dysfunction in Washington.

""These are deep, complicated problems, and people need to think big picture about what underlies them. They weren’t solved by electing Barack Obama, they’re probably not going to be solved by electing Donald Trump,"" McCarty says.

You might also like:

What it’s like to be a part of the world’s richest 1 percent, in 15 incredible photos

The growing wealth gap that nobody is talking about

What people in 1900 thought the year 2000 would look like",1
2294,"Jindal won't ""evolve"" on same-sex marriage","Jindal, a Republican who is considering a presidential run, suggested that politicians like President Barack Obama and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton changed their views on gay marriage because of polling indicating more Americans in support of gay marriage.

""I'm not one of those politicians,"" Jindal said on CNN's ""New Day."" ""My faith teaches me that marriage is between a man and a woman. I don't believe in discrimination against anybody. I'm not for changing the definition of marriage.""

Jindal may be in the minority on the issue when it comes to the issue, but that won't be the case if he joins a crowded Republican primary expected to be full of same-sex opponents, like former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee.

Huckabee, a staunch social conservative who sought the GOP nomination in 2008, said Monday on CNN suggested he doesn't think he'll be on the ""wrong side of history"" when it comes to same-sex marriage. ""When you say 'the wrong side of history,' let's just be reminded that there's been a relatively, and I mean a very relative brief history of same-sex marriage. The overwhelming history is the natural law of marriage, biblical marriage,"" he said. ""So I don't think there's a side of history that's overwhelming at this point. People have their opinions."" But Huckabee, who's insisted social issues won't be the linchpin of his probable candidacy, argued that the presidential race will be focused on the economy and proposals to combat poverty. Jindal's comments came as he sounded off on the battle over same-sex marriage brewing in neighboring Alabama, where officials in dozens of counties refused to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples on Monday, the first day in the state's history same-sex couples have been allowed to wed after a federal court ruling overturned the state's ban. Same-sex couples wed in Alabama despite efforts to block them Jindal sidestepped questions about whether county officials should respect the federal ruling and lawfully issue same-sex marriage licenses. Instead, the governor said he hopes the Supreme Court will rule to uphold state's legislative bans on gay marriage when the court rules on the issue by this summer. Louisiana's legislature overwhelmingly amended the state's constitution in 2004 to define marriage solely as the union of a man and a woman. But if the Supreme Court overturns same-sex marriage bans around the country — which it may very likely do — Jindal said the U.S. Congress should pass a constitutional amendment upholding state's same-sex marriage bans, an all-but-impossible endeavor requiring two-thirds support in the House and Senate.",1
4028,Russia and Iran both propping up Assad. A balancing act?,"While Russia's increased presence in Syria gives the regime another leg to stand on, some in Damascus say Moscow could also temper Iran's influence.

Starbucks will expand in China – and it looks like a smart idea

This Sept. 15, 2015 satellite image with annotations provided by GeoNorth, AllSource Analysis, Airbus shows Russian tanks and armed personnel carriers at an air base in Latakia province, Syria.

Russia’s increased military assistance to Syria provides President Bashar al-Assad’s embattled regime with a welcome boost to its hold on power after a series of territorial losses this year to rebel forces.

But while Russia appears to have coordinated its military expansion with Iran, Mr. Assad’s other key ally, the move could also serve as a counterbalance to Tehran’s powerful influence in Syria, a phenomenon that has generated ripples of unease in some circles of the Damascus regime.

Russia and Iran are staunch allies of Assad and collectively have provided diplomatic, financial, military, and material support to help his regime stave off the challenge posed by opposition groups.

Both countries have much at stake: Syria is one of the few Middle Eastern countries where Russia continues to wield influence, and it provides Iran with a vital geographical conduit to its Lebanese protégé Hezbollah. It is also a key component of the axis of resistance, an alliance of countries and parties opposed to Israel and Western regional interests.

“Both Iran and Russia want to preserve the political system in Syria, to keep Assad in power” says Rajab Safarov, the director of the Moscow-based Center for Studying Modern Iran. “Assad’s defeat would have a serious impact on Iran and wouldn’t suit [the interests of] Moscow, either.”

Still, despite the shared interest of Moscow and Tehran in the Assad regime’s survival, there are differences that Russia’s expanding military presence in Syria may expose in the coming months.

“Until recently, the Iranians had much a bigger involvement on the ground than the Russians. So I think the increase in [Russian] arms supplies is probably an attempt to balance the situation on the ground,” says Nikolay Kozhanov, a visiting fellow of the Russian-Eurasia program at London’s Chatham House and nonresident fellow at the Carnegie Moscow Center.

Russia continues to work with the Syrian state, while Iran has set up a parallel security structure of local militias and foreign Shiite expeditionary forces from Lebanon, Iraq, Afghanistan, and Pakistan, granting it prolonged influence in Syria if the Assad regime falls.

Russia seeks to preserve the territorial integrity of Syria and prevent it from breaking into militia-run fiefdoms. That is a goal shared by the Assad regime, which continues to fight for distant and isolated areas in the far north, south, and east of the country despite a critical manpower shortage in the decimated Syrian Army.

The priority of Iran, on the other hand, is to hold onto the western periphery of Syria, with access to Hezbollah in Lebanon and the Mediterranean coast. In recent months, Iranian-supported forces, including Hezbollah, have pulled back from outer-lying areas to concentrate on securing the key real estate from south of Damascus to Latakia on the coast in the northwest corner of the country.

“The Russians see it as important that the country remain with its current borders ... [but] I think the Iranians will be satisfied with control over certain areas of the country with pro-Iranian groupings that would ensure their access to Lebanon and Hezbollah,” says Mr. Kozhanov, previously a diplomat at the Russian Embassy in Tehran. “That’s the difference, and that difference is clearly understood in Moscow.”

The Assad regime owes Iran much for coming to its rescue with billions of dollars for the cash-strapped economy and deploying thousands of Shiite fighters against rebel forces. But that Iranian lifeline came at a price. Iranian military commanders, rather than Syrian Army generals, have been shaping much of the regime’s defense, according to Arab and Western diplomats in the region. Tellingly, Iranian and Hezbollah officers, rather than the Syrian Army, recently conducted cease-fire negotiations with a rebel group over the besieged opposition-held town of Zabadani, 17 miles northwest of Damascus.

Furthermore, there have been allegations that Iran has been tampering with Syria’s demographic geography by settling Shiites, including the families of foreign fighters, in and around Damascus and preventing Sunnis from returning to their homes in some regime-held areas. Last year, the Assad regime passed a decree allowing Shiite doctrine to be taught in schools alongside Sunni Islam. Shiite mosques are proliferating as well as stalls selling Shiite books, pamphlets, and motifs in Sunni areas of Damascus.

The level of Iranian influence has fueled unease in Damascus, reportedly even within the regime itself. There have been several reports in the past year of top Syrian figures grumbling that Syria was giving up its sovereignty to Iran.

However, Russia’s expanded role in Syria could serve as a counterweight to Iran’s pervasive influence.

“Some observers are reading the Russian intervention as an attempt to pre-empt the total 'Iranization' of the Syrian state, as much as it is an attempt to rescue the regime,” says Faysal Itani, resident fellow at the Atlantic Council’s Rafik Hariri Center for the Middle East.

These differences aside, Russian and Iran continue to share a vested interest in the Assad regime’s survival. While the level of coordination between Moscow and Tehran is unclear at this stage, it may be no coincidence that signs of a Russian military buildup began shortly after a reported visit in late July to Moscow by Maj.-Gen. Qassem Suleimani, commander of the Quds Force, the external operations wing of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps. Lebanon’s As Safir newspaper reported Tuesday that Suleimani paid another visit to Moscow last week.

“I believe Iran and Russia are getting closer in the course of the Syrian crisis, although they have had different approaches in dealing with the situation,” says Kayhan Barzegar, director of the Institute for Middle East Strategic Studies in Tehran.

Still, their common interests should ensure continued cooperation.

“In fact, it’s Russia that currently needs a powerful regional partner to shape its new political-security doctrine in the region,” says Mr. Barzegar. “I think Russia is careful to not upset Iran in the new circumstances, especially in a time that there is an ongoing thaw between Iran and the West.”

Staff writer Scott Peterson contributed to this report from Tehran, and contributor Olga Podolskaya from Moscow.",1
635,Elizabeth Warren Backs Hillary Clinton,"Warren, a hero of progressive Democrats, is the latest party leader to fall in line behind Clinton after she clinched the requisite number of delegates earlier this week over rival Bernie Sanders.

Warren told MSNBC's Rachel Maddow tonight, ""I am ready to get in this fight and work my heart out for Hillary Clinton to become the next president of the United States, and to make sure that Donald Trump never gets anyplace close to the White House.""

The endorsement comes the same day that President Obama also endorsed Clinton in a video and announced he would campaign with his former 2008 rival next week.

But Warren's backing may be more politically important for Clinton than Obama's blessing. The Democratic senator, who remained neutral throughout the contest, championed many of the same economic inequality issues and Wall Street reforms Sanders drew attention to in the primary.

She said tonight the 2016 election ""is not about one candidate, it's about all of us coming together coming together to fight to level the [economic] playing field.""

In fact, she was urged by many progressive groups early on to challenge Clinton herself, and the ""Ready for Warren"" organization who tried to lay the groundwork for her run ended up endorsing Sanders.

Even though she remained on the sidelines, Warren has emerged as a fierce attack dog against presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump, calling him a ""nasty, thin-skinned fraud"" just Thursday. He, in return, has derided her as ""Pocahontas"" — an allusion to a controversy that emerged during her 2012 Senate run after she had claimed Native American ancestry.

Tonight Warren said Trump had cheered for the 2007 economic crisis because he knew how to make a profit from it. ""What kind of a person does that?"" she asked, ""an insecure money-grubber who cares about nothing but himself. ... That cannot be the man who leads the United States of America.""

Warren has been floated as a possible vice presidential pick for Clinton, a choice that could help allay some concerns among progressives about the former secretary of state's nomination.

But there was immediate backlash online to Warren's anticipated nomination. Many supporters took to her Facebook page with profane comments, calling her a ""sell out"" for not endorsing Sanders.",1
2227,"Critics on Islam: Time to Face Facts, Mr. President","President Barack Obama insisted Thursday that Islamist terrorist groups committing atrocities from the Middle East to Africa to Europe do not represent Islam, calling the idea that the West is at war with Islam ""an ugly lie.""

The president addressed delegates from more than 60 countries at the closing session of a summit on ""Countering Violent Extremism,"" hosted by the U.S. State Department in Washington.

Obama said the nations gathered ""must remain unwavering in our fight against terrorist organizations.""

In one part of the address, the president appeared to be responding to administration critics, who have pointed out that the White House refuses to use the term ""Islamic"" when referring to terrorist groups such as al Qaeda, ISIS, and Boko Haram, who are committing atrocities against Jews, Christians, and other non-Muslims.

""Obviously, there is a complicated history between the Middle East and the West, and none of us, I think, should be immune from criticism in terms of specific policies. But the notion that the West is at war with Islam is an ugly lie -- and all of us, regardless of our faith, have a responsibility to reject it,"" he cautioned.

On Wednesday, the president explained he doesn't want to mention Islam when talking about terrorism because it would give Islamic radicals a tool they can use to recruit new fighters.

""We must acknowledge that groups like al Qaeda and (ISIS) are deliberately targeting their propaganda to Muslim communities, particularly Muslim youth,"" he said.

What can be done to be more effective in the fight against Islamic terrorism? Cliff May, president of the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies, offers more insight to the presidents summit speech

But even the president refused to admit any connection between the Islamic State terrorists and Islam, he said we need to ""tackle"" the issue head on.

""We can't shy away from these discussions. And too often folks are understandably sensitive about addressing some of these root issues, but we have to talk about them, honestly and clearly,"" Obama said.

But critics are mocking the president and his administration for not using phrases like ""Islamic terrorism.""

Thursday's New York Post shows a picture of the president blindfolded with the caption ""Islamic Terror? I Just Don't See It.""

Cliff May, president of the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies, says the president and his administration need to acknowledge that radical Islam is behind terrorism and groups like ISIS.

""We're kind of avoiding making decisions now and we're saying things that really nobody that's informed about these matters can actually believe,"" Cliff May, president of the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies, told CBN News.

""He thinks he's doing it because he wants to avoid the impression that this is in any way a religious war  it was 21 Coptic Christians who had their heads taken off by the Islamic State,"" May said.

This week's White House summit came after the State Department recently, and quietly, hosted a meeting with members of the Muslim Brotherhood -- much to the outrage of the governments of Egypt and Saudi Arabia.

 

Israelis were also surprised.

""We just don't understand because we know the history of the Muslim Brothers. We know exactly who they are,"" Zvi Mazel, former Israeli ambassador to Egypt, said.

""So how come, the United States, the administration, in that case the president himself and the State Department, receive delegation of the Muslim Brothers?"" he asked.",1
4644,Republican women increasingly fear party is alienating female voters,"A growing number of prominent Republican women are worried that as members of their male-dominated party step up to defend Donald Trump against accusations of sexual assault, they are causing irreparable damage to the GOP’s deteriorating relationship with female voters.

Trump has faced questions throughout his campaign about his crass comments about women, but concern escalated this month following the release of a 2005 video in which Trump boasted that he had sexually assaulted women and subsequent allegations by 11 women that Trump had inappropriately touched or kissed them. A series of mostly male Republicans have come to Trump’s defense — dismissing the accusers as liars and, some worry, further alienating the female voters that the party desperately needs to survive.

“For next-generation professional women, the party is going to have to do something very, very drastic to change the course of where this candidate has taken us,” said Katie Packer, a deputy campaign manager for Mitt Romney in 2012. “I think the leaders in our party are going to have to aggressively reject this. Come November 9, they better be prepared to make very strong statements condemning all of Trump’s behavior.”

This division within the Republican Party comes as polls suggest the nation is on the verge of electing its first female president even as misogyny remains a part of American life and culture. Ironically, it is Trump’s candidacy rather than Hillary Clinton’s that has brought sexism to the forefront of political debate.

[The difference between talking about Donald Trump’s accusers and being ‘fascinated by sex’]

The controversy also comes as the Republican Party continues to struggle to attract women, who make up a majority of the electorate and who have supported the Democratic presidential candidate in every election going back to 1992. President Obama won women by 11 points in 2012, and several polls show Clinton leading among women by an even bigger margin this year.

A growing number of well-known female Republican strategists and politicians have had it with Trump. Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.) said earlier this month she “cannot and will not support a candidate for president who brags about degrading and assaulting women.” Former presidential candidate Carly Fiorina, whose looks Trump once mocked, said “Donald Trump does not represent me or my party.” And former secretary of state Condoleezza Rice wrote on Facebook earlier this month: “Enough! Donald Trump should not be President.”

The latest flare-up came Tuesday night, when former House speaker Newt Gingrich (R) exploded at Fox News’ Megyn Kelly during an interview, repeatedly shaking his finger at her and accusing her of being “fascinated with sex” because she brought up allegations of sexual assault against Trump. In a scolding tone, Gingrich tried to tell Kelly which words she could or could not use.

Gingrich once had a fascination of his own with Bill Clinton’s sex life, as he was a driving force behind the movement to impeach Clinton following a consensual sexual relationship he had with a young former intern. Clinton became the second president in American history to be impeached by the House, but he was acquitted by the Senate. Voters, meanwhile, punished the Republicans for what they saw as an overreach: The GOP lost five House seats in the 1998 midterm elections, which led to Gingrich’s resignation as speaker.

Trump and his supporters deemed Gingrich’s interview a victory, with the campaign’s director of social media tweeting that Kelly is “not very smart” and telling his followers: “Watch what happens to her after this election is over.”

“Congratulations, Newt, on last night. That was an amazing interview,” Trump said at a ribbon-cutting at his new hotel in Washington on Wednesday. “We don’t play games, Newt, right?”

Two of the women who have accused Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct piled on. Juanita Broaddrick tweeted: “Beauty is only skin deep. Megyn Kelly is ugly as hell on the inside.” Paula Jones wrote in a tweet that has since been deleted: “Woohoo, he slammed this nasty heifer!”

But many other Republican women have concluded in recent weeks that this is not the party they know.

“Looks like Newt Gingrich just proved my point again,” tweeted Amanda Carpenter, a conservative commentator and former communications director for Sen. Ted Cruz’s presidential campaign. Carpenter wrote this week in The Washington Post about how her party has left women like her behind by ignoring Trump’s chauvinism that was “well-documented in decades’ worth of publicly available smutty television, radio and print interviews long before he became the nominee.”

“If the GOP has truly convinced itself that openly engaging in sexual assault fantasies is something normal that men do among one another, I have a suggestion. Relocate the Republican National Committee headquarters into a men’s-only locker room,” Carpenter wrote. “Eliminate all pretenses of wanting to let women in.”

Christine Matthews, a Republican pollster, said in an interview that Democrats no longer have to push a “war on women” narrative because it’s playing out on its own thanks to Trump — and comments like those that Gingrich made on Tuesday.

“It’s just one more clueless middle-age-to-older white guy taking to task a woman,” Matthews said. “It’s so unhelpful on every level.”

[One GOP woman wonders why the men in her party won’t defend her]

Nicolle Wallace, former communications chief for George W. Bush who is now a political commentator, tweeted that Republicans are now “engaged in a hot war against women that will end badly” for the party.

“Men like @newtgingrich are a big reason the GOP has lost women,” Packer wrote in another tweet. “Men like him don’t make women like me want to share a ‘tent’ w/them.”

Earlier this week, Kellyanne Conway, Trump’s campaign manager and the first woman to lead a GOP presidential nominee’s campaign, seemed to struggle when asked by CNN’s Dana Bash if she believes the women who have accused Trump of sexual assault.

“I believe — Donald Trump has told me and his family, and the rest of America now, that none of this is true,” Conway said. “These are lies and fabrications. They’re all made up. And I think that it’s not for me to judge what those women believe. I’ve not talked to them, I’ve talked to him.”

Trump has repeatedly denied allegations of abuse or sexism and has bragged about empowering female employees in his businesses.

“Nobody has more respect for women than I do,” Trump said during the last presidential debate when asked about his accusers, prompting laughter from the crowd in Las Vegas.

Carrie Almond, president of the National Federation of Republican Women, has traveled to 39 states in an RV this year, talking with thousands of women who enthusiastically support Trump and believe the party speaks for them.

“It’s very important to not put all women into the same basket because not everyone sees everything the same way,” said Almond, who is from Missouri.

When confronted with criticism, Trump tends to go after women in much more personal and demeaning ways than men, even though he insists he is an equal-opportunity counterpuncher. Trump’s attacks on female journalists, accusers and rivals over the past year have been heavy with criticism of their looks, their intelligence and their mental health.

After the first debate during the Republican primary — which featured three moderators, two men and one woman, who all peppered him with uncomfortable questions — Trump zeroed in on the woman, Kelly, for asking him about comments he makes about women. After the debate, Trump said that Kelly had “blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever.”

[Donald Trump calls her ‘Crooked Hillary,’ but his fans just say ‘b----’]

When the Muslim American parents of a soldier killed in Iraq in 2004 appeared at the Democratic National Convention in July in opposition to Trump’s candidacy, Trump zeroed in on the mother, Ghazala Khan, saying in an ABC News interview: “She had nothing to say. She probably — maybe she wasn’t allowed to have anything to say.” Khan later said it is still too difficult for her to talk about her son’s death.

In early September, when the hosts of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” were critical of Trump, he zeroed in on the female host, Mika Brzezinski, tweeting: “Just heard that crazy and very dumb @morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings @Morning_Joe. Joe a mess!”

Trump has told NBC’s Katy Tur to “be quiet” when she pressed him during a news conference, and snapped at CNN’s Dana Bash on Wednesday that she was “rude” to ask about the propriety of holding an event boosting his new Washington hotel. He urged his millions of Twitter followers to search for a seemingly nonexistent “sex tape” of a former Miss Universe whom he had criticized as fat. And he has accused Hillary Clinton of lacking “a presidential look.”

When Trump made a similar critique of Fiorina during the primaries, she responded: “I think women all over this country heard very clearly what Mr. Trump said.”

Trump’s rallies have also been hotbeds of incendiary rhetoric around gender, including popular anti-Clinton T-shirts in many locales proclaiming, “Trump that ­b----!”

John Weaver, a GOP consultant who worked on the presidential campaigns of Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz) and Ohio Gov. John Kasich, said he is stunned by “the misogyny, the lack of understanding of where this country is now” coming from Trump’s campaign.

“If you have a gender gap the size of the Snake River Canyon, why do you trot out Newt Gingrich, and [former New York mayor] Rudy Giuliani and your nominee to talk about it and further make it worse?” said Weaver, noting that all three men have been married three times. “The only ones I can see who seem to be obsessed about sex in this campaign are those three people.”

Weaver continued: “He’s going to lose the general election, and the credit goes to the women of America who are saving us from this guy.”",1
3596,Police arrest suspects across Europe in rush to minimize terror threat (+video),"A day after police killed two terror suspects in eastern Belgium, a bomb scare forced the evacuation of the busy Gare de l'Est train station in Paris, and Secretary of State Kerry joined French President Hollande in a visit to the sites of last week's attacks.

Why is Angela Merkel calling for a ban on the full Islamic veil?

French, German, and Belgian police arrested more than two dozen suspects in antiterrorism raids Friday, as European authorities rushed to thwart more attacks by people with links to Islamic extremists in the Middle East.

Rob Wainwright, head of the police agency Europol, told The Associated Press that foiling terror attacks has become ""extremely difficult"" because Europe's 2,500-5,000 radicalized Muslim extremists have little command structure and are increasingly sophisticated.

Highlighting the fears, a bomb scare forced Paris to evacuate its busy Gare de l'Est train station during Friday morning's rush hour. No bomb was found.

Visiting a scarred Paris on Friday, US Secretary of State John Kerry met French President Francois Hollande and visited the sites of the attacks last week on the newspaper Charlie Hebdo and a kosher supermarket. Twenty people, including the three gunmen, were killed.

French and German authorities arrested at least 14 other people Friday suspected of links to the Islamic State group. Thirteen more were detained in Belgium and two arrested in France in an anti-terror sweep following a firefight Thursday in the eastern Belgian city of Verviers.

Two suspected terrorists were killed and a third was wounded in that raid on a suspected terrorist hideout, and federal magistrate Eric Van der Sypt said Friday that the suspects were within hours of implementing a plan to kill police on the street or in their offices.

Belgian authorities were searching for more suspects Friday, and found four military-style weapons including Kalashnikov assault rifles in more than a dozen raids, Mr. Van der Sypt said.

""I cannot confirm that we arrested everyone in this group,"" he said.

Belgian authorities did not give details of the people detained or even those killed, but said most were Belgian citizens.

Belgian authorities stressed that the targets of their crackdown had no known connections to last week's attacks in neighboring France.

Belgium has seen a particularly large number of people join extremists in Syria, and is ""the worst affected country in Europe relative to population size,"" said Peter Neumann of the London-based International Center for the Study of Radicalization. He estimates 450 people have left Belgium to fight with Islamic radical groups in Syria, and that 150 of them have returned home.

Across Europe, anxiety has grown as the hunt continues for potential accomplices of the three Paris gunmen.

The Paris prosecutor's office said at least 12 people were arrested in antiterrorism raids in the area, targeting people linked to one of them – Amedy Coulibaly – who claimed ties to the Islamic State group. Police officials earlier told AP that they were seeking up to six potential accomplices.

Paris is at its highest terrorism alert level, and police evacuated the Gare de l'Est train station after a bomb threat. The station, one of several main stations in Paris, serves cities in eastern France and countries to the east.

In Berlin, police arrested two men Friday morning on suspicion of recruiting fighters for the Islamic State group in Syria. Prosecutors said 250 police officers participated in the dawn raids on 11 residences that were part of a months-old investigation into a group of Turkish extremists.

Mr. Kerry's visit to France came after the Obama administration apologized for not sending a higher-level delegation to Sunday's massive rally in Paris, which drew more than 1 million people to denounce terrorism.

Mr. Hollande thanked Kerry for offering support, saying: ""You've been victims yourself of an exceptional terrorist attack on Sept. 11. You know what it means for a country.... Together, we must find appropriate responses.""

In a separate speech to diplomats, Hollande said France is ""waging war"" against terrorism and will not back down from its international military operations against Islamic extremists in Iraq and northern Africa. France's Parliament voted this week to extend airstrikes against Islamic State extremists in Iraq.

The Belgian raid on a former bakery was another palpable sign that terror had seeped deep into Europe's heartland as security forces struck against militants, some of who may be returnees from jihad in Syria.

That investigation had started well before last week's rampage in Paris, but Belgian authorities are separately looking for possible links between a man they arrested in the southern city of Charleroi for illegal trade in weapons and Mr. Coulibaly, who killed four people in the kosher supermarket.

Several other countries are also involved in the hunt for possible accomplices to Coulibaly and the gunmen who attacked the newspaper, brothers Cherif and Said Kouachi. The Kouachi brothers claimed allegiance to Al Qaeda in Yemen; Coulibaly to the Islamic State group.",1
549,Jeb Bush invokes MLK as he unveils education plan,"On Day 13, a video message and a meeting with media executives — but still no press conference, protective pool",1
910,Trump tries to smooth things over with GOP insiders,"Hollywood, Florida (CNN) Donald Trump's new delegate guru told Republican Party insiders at a posh resort here on Thursday that the billionaire front-runner is recalibrating the part ""that he's been playing"" and is ready to work with the GOP to ""evolve"" as a candidate past the divisive primary.

Meanwhile 1,100 miles away in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Trump told his supporters the Republican system is ""rigged"" and ""crooked.""

This is the dilemma facing the Republican National Committee and its members meeting here this week: Can they cope with Trump, an unpredictable personality who has come this close to winning the presidential nomination with a campaign leaning heavily on direct anger at GOP officials and institutions?

Paul Manafort, Trump's senior adviser and a long-time Republican operative, said that Trump understands the changing nature of the campaign and is prepared to ""evolve.""

""He recognizes that things aren't static. That what is right to start the campaign isn't necessarily the way you finish the campaign,"" Manafort told CNN Thursday night after he met with RNC officials here.

But Manafort did not want to call anything a ""détente"" between Trump and the GOP establishment. ""There's no reason to have a detente, I mean there's not a fight,"" he said.

""I mean the Trump campaign and the RNC are working together on a bunch of different things ... but the focus has been on getting the nomination,"" he said. ""Now that we're approaching the nomination, the focus is on blending the party and the campaign so that we can run as a united team and that's what we started to do here this weekend.""

The Trump campaign is approaching things here as if it already won the nomination. There was no focus in the closed-door meeting with Trump's people and the RNC on the effort to secure the 1,237 delegates needed to clinch the nomination, a source inside the room said.

Instead Manafort contrasted Trump with Hillary Clinton -- Trump has ""personality negatives"" that can be fixed by campaign consultants like him, but Clinton has deep ""character negatives"" dealing with issues of trust, he told the room, according to audio obtained by CNN from someone who attended Manafort's presentation.

""The part that he's been playing is now evolving into the part that you've been expecting. The negatives will come down, the image is going to change, but 'Crooked Hillary' is still going to be 'Crooked Hillary,'"" Manafort told the packed room, which attendees described as too small and jammed with what appeared to be more Trump supporters than RNC members -- the intended audience.

Trump, Manafort said, has been playing two roles in the campaign -- one in public, onstage with voters, and one in private that is more subdued and will start appearing more.

""Trump is an outsider and that's why many of you don't know him, but when he's sitting in a room, he's talking business, he's talking politics in a private room, it's a different persona,"" Manafort told the crowd. ""When he's out on the stage, when he's talking about the kind of things when he's out on the stump, he's projecting an image that's for that purpose and the two you'll start to see coming together in the course of the next several months.""

Shortly into a slide presentation that focused on Trump's ability to win a general election contest Manafort asked his assistant to end the slide-show and said, ""Actually, I know what I'm gonna say,"" Manafort said to some laughs, according to an attendee and meeting audio.

After the meeting, Manafort said the message was received well.

""I mean we had a very good meeting,"" Manafort told CNN. ""I think people were hungry to find out with the campaign's intentions were, what Donald Trump's intentions were. We answered all the questions. I think they left there, they have a better understanding of the integration of the campaign with the party as we move towards the general election.""

Trump recently brought in Manafort and Rick Wiley, Scott Walker's former campaign manager, after it was clear Ted Cruz was winning delegates with an intense ground game. Manafort said the new hires also should calm nerves among jittery Republicans here.

""They know Rick Wiley, they know me, so we're bridging that relationship while he goes about finishing the job for the nominee,"" Manafort told CNN earlier Thursday.

Cruz, speaking on the Mark Levin Show Thursday night, said Trump is trying to snow over Republican voters. ""Donald is a New York liberal who is pretending to be a conservative to try to fool Republican primary voters,"" Cruz said.

""He's telling us he's lying to us,"" Cruz added. ""What his campaign manager says -- you look at what his campaign manager is telling us: this is just an act, this is just a show, building a wall... when he talks about anything, it's all an act and a show.""

Trump was the only candidate of the remaining three not to show up here in person. John Kasich and Cruz both spoke to party leaders at private receptions Wednesday night and hosted smaller groups for private meetings outside of the resort.

And Trump himself is showing no signs of letting up. He is the only candidate who can reasonably get to 1,237 delegates before Cleveland, and has Cruz and other Republicans out to stop him on subsequent ballots.

In Harrisburg, Trump compared the primary system to ""Crooked Hillary"" Clinton, getting two attacks against his enemies in one.

""The system is rigged, the voting is rigged, the whole deal is crooked 100%, almost as crooked as Crooked Hillary. It's a crooked deal,"" Trump said. ""And that's why you have a case where I go in and win with the vote, and these guys go in, they buy delegates, they buy them dinners, they send them to hotels.""

The continuing blasts against the party from Trump -- and pressure from Cruz and Kasich -- led RNC leaders earlier Thursday to back off proposed rules changes for the convention amid very vocal fears they would be perceived favoring one of the three.

""The party is like the lawyer in a divorce court,"" said Holland Redfield, the RNC committeeman from the Virgin Islands.

""Surely there's a lot of whining going on,"" Redfield said. ""Here you have candidates that have also said to each other they are not supporting whoever gets out of this process. I mean come on! So they put the party in the middle.""

Kasich senior adviser John Weaver said that RNC members were pushing for the Ohio governor to stay in the race -- even with only one state victory (Ohio) and fewer delegates than Marco Rubio, who dropped out last month.

""We've run into a lot of people here who are encouraging us to go the distance because the people at this meeting particularly have a charge of putting together a winning ticket,"" Weaver said.

Ken Cuccinelli, Cruz's chief delegate hunter, said the death threats made against Colorado Republican Party Chairman Steve House came up repeatedly in meetings between Cruz and RNC members Wednesday.

""They are definitely on the minds of lots of people here, especially when they saw Steve House, one of their colleagues, getting death threats. That comment was made, repeatedly, with various observations about it and those tactics in these meetings,"" Cuccinelli said. ""And this was the members making the comments, not us bringing them up.""

Cruz kept his Wednesday presentation focused on his plan for winning the White House -- the party's ultimate goal -- and detailing his strategy in upcoming states like Pennsylvania, according to RNC members who attended his speech. And he added how he could help their own party efforts with his promised coattails.

""He touched on that a little bit with the down-ballot effect, we come out of that election hopefully with some big wins"" said Oregon Republican Party Chairman Bill Currier, who attended the Cruz speech.

Do leaders take Trump seriously?

But with their options dwindling, some party leaders here said they could make the distinction between Trump's sharp attacks on the party and his political strategy.

""I think that's just part of his persona, I never take that stuff seriously or personally,"" said Pennsylvania Republican Party Chairman Rob Gleason. ""He cannot be elected without the Republican Party. That's the long and short of it. He needs us. We need a candidate and he needs us, so we all need to work together.""

Henry Barbour, a party national committeeman from Mississippi who has said in the past it would be ""very hard"" for him to vote for Trump, agreed.

""I think that's Donald Trump being Donald Trump. He's an insurgent candidate trying to appeal on a populist level. I don't take it that he really means it,"" said Barbour.

The populist furor sparked by Trump, along with his campaign message, that he is being cheated out of the nomination -- with the public's voice being ignored -- has exposed a deeper rift in the Republican Party which may have to be worked out after November, no matter who is their nominee and no matter which party wins the White House.

""If somehow or another it comes to pass that the results of the primary choose our nominee ahead of the convention, as far as I'm concerned it's the end of the national Republican Party,"" said RNC Committeeman Curly Haugland, of North Dakota.

Haugland and some other party veterans have argued that the public -- and some incredibly angry Trump supporters -- are simply learning what has been true of every previous nominating contest: The party picks its candidate for the White House.

""It can't be rigged if the rules have been public and transparent for nearly a year and we've done it this way since 1856,"" Barbour said.

But in 2016, it won't be Barbour deciding what's ""rigged"" and what not.",1
3110,Pope Francis announces biggest changes to annulment process in centuries,"Pope Francis on Tuesday announced sweeping revisions to the Catholic Church’s marriage annulment process, changes that are designed to speed up and simplify the often lengthy procedure. The revisions, according to Vatican experts, appear to be the most far-reaching made to the church’s annulment process in centuries.

The announcement, featuring changes that will make it easier for Catholics to remarry, comes about a month before a major meeting at the Vatican, where Catholic leadership will examine the church’s views on family issues, including divorce and remarriage.

The changes will eliminate a requirement that all annulment decisions get a second judgment and will allow local bishops to expedite the annulment process for some cases. The annulment process will be free of charge, though many dioceses had already eliminated the administrative fees for marriage annulments, according to a Vatican spokesman. The revisions also expand the role of local bishops in judging nullification proceedings.

Although dramatic, the changes do not alter the Catholic Church’s teaching that marriages are permanent.

The revisions were announced in two Apostolic Letters from Francis, which, translated from their Latin titles, are called “The Gentle Judge, The Lord Jesus” and “The Meek and Merciful Jesus.” The documents were released in Latin and Italian at a Vatican news conference.

Current Catholic teaching on marriage doesn’t recognize divorce. Catholics who are granted a civil divorce and then remarry are ineligible to take Communion, a key part of active Catholic life. Instead, a Catholic who wants to end his or her marriage must be granted an annulment, a process that many Catholics believe is too costly and complicated.

[What has Pope Francis actually accomplished? Here’s a look at 8 of his most notable statements.]

The pope’s changes don’t resolve whether divorced and remarried Catholics may take communion, the Rev. Thomas Rosica, an English-language spokesman for the Vatican, said in an e-mail; instead, they put the question “into a new context” for further examination by the church.

The changes will probably split Catholic opinion between those who believe that a streamlining of the annulment process is needed and will help bring back more Catholics to the church, and those who worry that the revisions could make it too easy to move on from a marriage, which Catholic teaching dictates is a permanent sacrament.

In a recent Pew poll, 62 percent of American Catholics said the church should allow Catholics who divorce and remarry without an annulment to receive Communion.

The number of annulments in the United States has been on the decline in recent decades. Annulment procedures in the country dropped from 72,308 in 1989 to 23,302 in 2014, according to the Center for Applied Research in the Apostolate at Georgetown University.

[Vast majority of U.S. Catholics who left the church can’t imagine returning, study says]

An annulment is granted by a Catholic tribunal if it agrees that a marriage originally thought to be valid was actually missing at least one crucial element from the start, meaning that it was never really a true marriage in the first place. The length of the process varies between dioceses but can take 12 to 18 months, according to the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops.

One of the changes implemented by the pope will eliminate the “second instance” of that tribunal, meaning that all couples seeking annulment will have to obtain only one sentence from a single tribunal. “The moral certainty reached by the first judge according to law should be sufficient,” the letter reads.

“It’s a sweeping reform; it’s a dramatic reform,” said Chad Pecknold, a theologian at Catholic University. “It’s a reform which essentially takes away the whole judicial process for deciding whether a marriage was null or not.”

Another change will reduce the process of that first tribunal down to one judge, Pecknold noted. Formerly, a tribunal consisted of at least two priests and one canon lawyer, who could be a layman or cleric.

Francis has changed that and placed the responsibility of the “first instance” of the tribunal into the hands of a single judge, who must always be a member of the clergy. Pecknold added, “A lot of my canon lawyer friends want to quit today.”

Austen Ivereigh, a papal biographer and commentator on the Vatican, called it “revolutionary” that Francis has granted bishops the power to nullify a marriage – a power that has rested with church courts. Bishops, he said, could also delegate that power to priests. This will make annulments more accessible, especially in much of the developing world, where, Ivereigh said, many areas have no church courts.

“This is the most far-reaching reform to the Church’s nullity process in 300 years,” he added.

Tuesday’s announcement is procedural and makes no change in the way the church sees marriage and its permanent nature. However, Ivereigh said, the change shows Francis has been listening to regular Catholics and “the reason for this change is that society has changed. This speeded-up procedure recognizes and reflects a new reality.”

He predicted that some conservatives would be critical of this change because they will see it undermining the concept of marriage as a bond that cannot be dissolved. The best-known of this group is American Cardinal Raymond Burke, who led the Vatican’s supreme court until he was removed by Francis because, Ivereigh said, Burke opposed annulment changes.

Another change announced  Tuesday will allow bishops the ability to further expedite the annulment process for some particularly straightforward cases — a process that Pecknold said would allow the bishop to essentially “write a note.”

That process could be open to abuse, he added: “The moment that you put in an exception that makes everybody’s job easier, guess what everybody’s going to do?”

Kurt Martens, a professor of canon law at Catholic University, said the expedited process would apply to Catholic couples facing certain conditions, including those who have an abortion, a grave contagious disease, children from a previous relationship or imprisonment. Essentially, Martens said, the church is providing a path that looks like the Catholic version of no-fault divorce.

[VIDEO: Pope emphasizes forgiveness for abortions during ‘year of mercy’]

The changes move the church away from a set of 18th-century safeguards meant to make sure that the annulment process wasn’t subject to abuse, Martens said. Those changes, set up by Pope Benedict XIV, included a provision that would require a mandatory appeal of the lower court’s decision.

“What guarantee do you have for a fair trial if you take away those guarantees that were put in the past?” Martens said. “Sometimes you want to go so quickly, you miss elements and make mistakes. Procedure law takes time to unfold.”

Martens said the way Francis changed the annulment process was unusual, because he did not go through the Synod on the Family, as expected, in October.

“If I were a bishop, I would be upset,” Martens said. “It’s a bit strange and even a sign of contradiction that a pope who is big on consultation and collegiality seems to forget that on something like this. It’s highly unusual for legislation like this to get through that way.”

Francis, for his part, acknowledged some of those concerns in his letters.

“The extent to which an abbreviated process of judgment might put the principle of the indissolubility of marriage at risk, did not escape me,” Francis wrote. “Thus, I have desired that, in such cases the Bishop himself shall be constituted judge, who, by force of his pastoral office is with Peter the greatest guarantor of Catholic unity in faith and in discipline.”

Despite those concerns, the changes come with a notable silver lining for Catholics seeking to annul their marriages and return to a closer relationship with the church.

“In terms of the average Catholic who is seeking annulment, this makes an already painful situation easier, and that is Pope Francis’s intent,” Pecknold said. “You can see a clear pastoral eye on this decision. He doesn’t want any long waits; he basically wants the decision to come from the bishop.”

Francis has spoken before of his desire to reform annulment in the past.

“The sacraments give us grace,” he said earlier this year to jurists of the church’s final court of appeals for annulments. “And a marriage proceeding” — like an annulment — “touches on the sacrament of marriage.”

“How I wish all marriage proceedings were free of charge!” he added.

In August, Francis urged Catholic clergy to keep “open doors” and be more welcoming to divorced and remarried Catholics.

Stay up to date on the papal visit. Sign up here to follow Washington Post stories about Pope Francis’s visit to the U.S. and we’ll e-mail you as they’re published.",1
4474,"GOP Presidential Hopefuls Serve Up Ice Cream, Cheese And Red Meat To Iowans","GOP Presidential Hopefuls Serve Up Ice Cream, Cheese And Red Meat To Iowans

GOP presidential hopefuls spent Saturday night serving up ice cream, cheese and political red meat to potential Iowa caucus voters.

At the Iowa Republican Party's annual Lincoln Day Dinner fundraiser, the first part of the evening was rigid. Each of the 11 possible candidates present was given a strictly enforced 10 minutes to make their pitch before later wooing voters at their hospitality suites downstairs with home-state fare in a more relaxed environment.

Some candidates served up surprises to the crowd, too, which could make a critical lasting impression for underdog candidates.

Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., got the most laughs of the evening, declaring he was the ""halftime"" entertainment as he took the stage

""The more you drink, the better I sound, so keep drinking,"" he joked. ""If you need to go to the bathroom, go ahead. Won't bother me a bit.""

He jabbed at Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley's famously frugal ways: ""The one thing I learned about this dinner is it was free for Chuck or he wouldn't have been here!""

He also ribbed freshman Sen. Joni Ernst's memorable 2014 ""hog castration"" ad: ""When I saw that ad with the pigs, I made sure I'd never offend Joni.""

But the hawkish senator quickly turned serious, taking a jab at his frequent foe, Rand Paul, the libertarian-leaning Kentucky senator. Paul, who has already officially announced his candidacy, had used his own time to reiterate his opposition to the NSA's controversial wiretaps, telling voters, ""I want to catch terrorists, but I also want to protect the Constitution.""

Graham, who could announce his 2016 plans June 1, promised that if someone under his watch as president was thinking of joining ISIS or planning a terrorist attack, ""I'm not calling a judge"" to get a warrant, as Paul called for, ""I'm calling a drone and we're going to kill you.""

Graham also gave cover to another potential 2016 rival — former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, who fumbled questions this week on whether he would invaded Iraq.

The former U.S. Air Force JAG Corps lawyer blamed the deterioration in the Middle East on Obama's withdrawal of troops in the region, not on former President George W. Bush.

""If you fought in Iraq,"" Graham said, ""it's not your fault it's going to hell. It's Obama's fault.""

But Paul didn't spare Bush that scrutiny. Without mentioning his likely rival by name, he said the question of whether the Iraq War was a good idea was a ""valid question. Not because we're talking about history, but because we're talking about the Middle East, where history repeats itself.""

Paul said the same question should be asked of Hillary Clinton. ""If she ever takes any questions,"" he quipped. He then pivoted to an indictment of Clinton's reaction to the 2012 consulate attacks in Benghazi, Libya, which he said should ""disqualify"" her as president.

When Bush took the stage, he began by acknowledging his family in a nod to the controversy of this week.

""You all know me as George and Barbara's boy, for which I'm proud,"" he said. ""Some of you all may know that Dubya is my brother. I'm proud of that, too.""

Earlier on Saturday, Bush defended his answers this week when he was asked by Fox News' Megyn Kelly, ""Knowing what we know now, would you have authorized the invasion"" in Iraq? After saying he would, Bush tried to clarify the next day, saying he ""interpreted the question wrong"" before finally fully walking back the answer Thursday, saying he would not have gone into Iraq.

""I misstepped, for sure. I answered a question that wasn't asked,"" he told voters at a town hall at Loras College in Dubuque on Saturday morning.

Later that afternoon, when taking questions from reporters in Iowa City, he said all candidates were going to make mistakes.

""If you're looking for a perfect candidate,"" he said, ""he probably existed 2,000 years ago.""

At the Lincoln Dinner, Bush took aim at Obama's foreign policy, echoing part of his stump speech.

""Name a country where the relationship is better than the day that Barack Obama came into office?"" he asked. ""Iran. Cuba. I rest my case.""

Foreign policy hits against both Obama and Clinton were familiar refrains from other speakers, too.

""Iran, enemy. Israel, friend. It's real simple,"" said former Sen. Rick Santorum, R-Pa., who won Iowa in 2012.

Gov. Bobby Jindal, R-La., assailed Obama for what he saw as not standing up for religious liberty in the face of threats abroad. ""The United States of America did not create religious liberty,"" he said. ""Religious liberty created the United States.""

Ben Carson, who has never held political office, but is a Tea Party favorite, saw his first lead in a poll of Republican primary voters. ""While our enemies are magnifying and metastasizing, we're shrinking back,"" said Carson, a retired pediatric neurosurgeon.

Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry tried to offer a hopeful historical reminder: ""We made it through Jimmy Carter. We'll make it through Barack Obama.""

His speech ran long, and like a scene out of an Academy Awards ceremony, music began to play.

Another candidate, who got the proverbial hook, was Carly Fiorina, the former Hewlett-Packard CEO. Her microphone was cut off to the verbal frustration of the crowd. She briefly continued to speak while the audience could not hear her.

Her speech, though, was well received, including getting the loudest applause of the night with this jab, recalling how she was asked when she announced her official campaign last week if a woman's hormones would affect her ability to do the job as president.

""Can anyone think of a single instance where a man's judgment was clouded by his hormones? And in the Oval Office,"" she said, a not-so-subtle shot at former President Bill Clinton.

Fiorina also got applause as she contrasted her own previous meetings with foreign leaders to Clinton. Fiorina boasted how she would stand up to Russian and Iranian leaders. As she's done in previous cattle calls, Fiorina drew notice as the only woman in the field and positioned herself as a natural foil to Clinton, the likely Democratic nominee.

When the formal speeches concluded, GOP faithful mingled downstairs, meandering from room to room that candidates had set up. Some of the longest lines to meet candidates were in the suites of Graham and Fiorina, who attracted renewed interest after strong performances. The lines for Bush, Carson and Walker were winding, too.

Several candidates turned to their home states for inspiration. Jindal's was Mardi Gras-themed, passing out green, gold and purple beads and promising bandanas for supporters of local ""Duck Dynasty"" star Willie Robertson.

Clad in a red apron, Walker stood behind a table scooping ice cream and serving up Wisconsin cheese. A Harley-Davidson motorcycle was on display next to him — a nod to Ernst's inaugural ""Roast and Ride"" in a few weeks — while autographed ""cheesehead"" hats were on his book table in the crowded room.

Perry also served ice cream, a nod to the favorite dessert he says he usually grabs at the end of a day spent campaigning. And as Iowa Republican Party Chairman Jeff Kaufmann noted, the event and likely caucus lineup offered something for everyone of all palates in the GOP.

""It's like going into Baskin-Robbins and not knowing which flavor to take,"" he said at the end of the dinner. ""I want a taste of every single one.""",1
3492,Lots Of Candidates Want To Simplify Tax Code; Here's What They Get Wrong,"Lots Of Candidates Want To Simplify Tax Code; Here's What They Get Wrong

There's something almost Name That Tune-ish about the way the GOP candidates are talking about tax brackets these days. Currently, there are seven. Donald Trump wants four. Jeb Bush says he can get them down to three. Chris Christie and Marco Rubio want two. Ben Carson does them one better — one 10 percent rate, inspired by the Bible.

They're not alone — President Obama has advocated fewer brackets as well.

Why do this? One of the most common reasons they give is that it would make the tax code ""simpler.""

As Rubio's tax plan puts it: ""The tax code is in desperate need of simplification, and bracket consolidation is an important first step.""

He's right on the first part: The Internal Revenue Code is impenetrably, unfathomably complicated.

But here's the reality: Cutting brackets won't really help that much.

""It's a very mild form of simplification,"" said William Gale, co-director of the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center at the Brookings Institution, a left-leaning Washington think tank. ""The real complication in the system is in the tax base, not in the rate structure. Figuring out how you calculate capital gains or figuring out whether you're eligible for the [earned income tax credit for lower-income Americans], given the child rules — once you've got that, then you just plug in the rates.""

Think about your own taxes — it can be complicated to figure out how much you owe when you have things like investment income, wages from self-employment or lots of deductions. But once you fill in the boxes and subtract all that out, figuring out your rate is easy (and if you're using a program like TurboTax, the computer does it for you).

Cutting taxes as a whole tends to be the real goal behind rate-cutting, said Ed Kleinbard, professor of law and business at the University of Southern California. After all, no one ever tries to simplify tax brackets upward.

""The number of brackets has an almost imperceptible effect on the complexity of tax law as it is lived by the individual taxpayer,"" Kleinbard said. ""Taxpayers are not, left to their own devices, engaged in high-level mathematics.""

What does simplicity look like?

So reducing the number of brackets isn't the clearest path to simplification. What is? Making the rest of your tax preparation experience easier, says one expert.

""[Simplification] does not necessarily mean that taxes are a simple mathematical function of income,"" said Matthew Weinzierl, a Harvard University assistant professor, who studies what optimal tax systems look like. ""After all, with TurboTax it's easy to have a computer do a complex calculation for you. Instead, what economists typically have in mind is that a tax system should be easy to understand, transparent and hard to game.""

A lot of these bracket-cutting ideas come alongside proposals to limit deductions. And that, in its own right, is a great step toward simplification. Bush, for example, wants to cap the amount of total deductions most people can take (not counting the charitable deduction).

""Most economists think a tax base with fewer such loopholes is less subject to evasion and less distortionary to economic activity,"" Weinzierl said.

The idea is that these loophole closures offset the tax revenue lost from cutting brackets. But that's not how it always works.

""The call for fewer tax brackets in every case has as its real motive lowering the tax burden on the highest-income Americans, not making life simpler for the middle class,"" Kleinbard argued. Consider Bush's tax proposal as an example. While it limits deductions, it also would overwhelmingly benefit the highest earners (and grow the national debt — unless there is unprecedented growth in the economy).

Cutting deductions and loopholes makes for a great sound bite, but it's far tougher than it sounds. The politically popular mortgage-interest deduction is a great example of this. It tends to benefit higher earners more, but despite constant calls to ""simplify"" the tax code, it's so politically popular that it has proved impossible to eliminate.

Cutting deductions isn't the only way candidates could fight for simpler taxes. They could also pledge to combat efforts of tax preparers to keep tax preparation itself complicated. Vox's Dylan Matthews and the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities' Robert Greenstein have reported that H&R Block pushed for changes that would have quadrupled the earned income tax credit form's length, making it harder for low-income families to get the credit (that is, without H&R Block's help). (The company has defended itself here.)

There are also unsexy opportunities to make the code less complicated. For example, Kleinbard argues that some long, hyperspecific definitions could be trimmed down.

""If you really care about complexity, the place to look, for example, is the definition of who's a dependent,"" Kleinbard said. ""People fight over whether a child is a dependent of one parent or another. It turns out to be an incredibly complicated topic, and nonsensically so. If you look for simplicity, you'd actually want to look at things like a consistent and simple definition of 'dependent.' ""

So there's plenty of room for simplification, and politicians often point to the so-called 70,000 page tax code as proof of that. However, railing against the page count may be a misguided line of attack.

One (nitpicky) reason is that the tax code itself is not, in fact, 70,000 pages long, as Slate pointed out last year. That distinction belongs to a compilation of court decisions surrounding the tax code, according to the Tax Foundation. The statutes themselves are about 2,700 pages long.

But far more important, Kleinbard said, some complexity is inherent to a tax code that tries to govern a complicated economy.

""The tax code is thousands of pages long for a very simple reason: It is a model, in the economic sense, of all of economic activity,"" he said. ""Most Americans don't spend a lot of time worrying about the taxation of cutting timber or of being crew on a tuna boat. But there are rules for that, and you may find the rules irrelevant to you, but the rules are complex for a reason.""

OK, so how many brackets should there be?

Americans want a tax code that's simpler to some degree. And brackets aren't really going to simplify the code all that much. But that still doesn't answer one key question: Is there a ""right"" number of brackets?

There's an entire branch of economics dedicated to this kind of question. (It's called optimal tax theory, and Google Scholar-searching it will dump you into an afternoon-long intellectual rabbit hole.) Weinzierl, who studies this, said there's no magic number.

""The number of brackets is generally considered unimportant,"" Weinzierl said. ""Any desired level of progressivity can be obtained with a number of different bracket structures, so the specific number isn't that important.""

But some experts believe that our current seven-bracket system could use some tweaking. Thomas Piketty (author of last year's best-selling Capital in the 21st Century) and University of California, Berkeley's Emmanuel Saez, for example, have argued that a higher top marginal rate would be best.

Given the growth of uber-high-earners, Weinzierl said, that idea is popular among economists.

""Many economists would argue that the lack of such a bracket is odd, since it means that a family earning $750,000 is likely to pay the same marginal tax rate as a family earning 10 times as much,"" he said. The basic idea here, he adds, is that ""if we're going to have more than one bracket, and thus allow ourselves something other than a flat tax, it's quite limiting not to have a bracket for the highest earners.""

And here's another compelling complication: The U.S. may have already stumbled onto a pretty good system. Earlier this year, economists at the Minneapolis Fed found that the current U.S. system, warts and all, is, in fact, ""nearly optimal,"" beating out other ""optimal"" options like a flat-tax-plus-transfer system.

Trying to understand all of these tax-policy contradictions at once might (understandably) make your eyes glaze over. But the ultimate takeaway is simple: When a politician advocates simplifying the tax system, there's usually a good reason to be skeptical.",1
1587,Hillary Clinton explains why she won't say 'radical Islam',"Syrians wait near the Turkish border during clashes between ISIS and Kurdish armed groups in Kobani, Syria, on Thursday, June 25. The photo was taken in Sanliurfa, Turkey. ISIS militants disguised as Kurdish security forces infiltrated Kobani on Thursday and killed ""many civilians,"" said a spokesman for the Kurds in Kobani.

Residents examine a damaged mosque after an Iraqi Air Force bombing in the ISIS-seized city of Falluja, Iraq, on Sunday, May 31. At least six were killed and nine others wounded during the bombing.

A member of Afghanistan's security forces stands at the site where a suicide bomber on a motorbike blew himself up in front of the Kabul Bank in Jalalabad, Afghanistan, on Saturday, April 18. ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack. The explosion killed at least 33 people and injured more than 100 others, a public health spokesman said.

A Yazidi woman mourns for the death of her husband and children by ISIS after being released south of Kirkuk on April 8. ISIS is known for killing dozens of people at a time and carrying out public executions, crucifixions and other acts.

On April 1, Shiite militiamen celebrate the retaking of Tikrit, which had been under ISIS control since June. The push into Tikrit came days after U.S.-led airstrikes targeted ISIS bases around the city.

A Kurdish marksman looks over a destroyed area of Kobani on Friday, January 30, after the city had been liberated from the ISIS militant group. The Syrian city, also known as Ayn al-Arab, had been under assault by ISIS since mid-September.

ISIS militants stand near the site of an airstrike near the Turkey-Syria border on Thursday, October 23. The United States and several Arab nations have been bombing ISIS targets in Syria to take out the militant group's ability to command, train and resupply its fighters.

Cundi Minaz, a female Kurdish fighter, is buried in a cemetery in the southeastern Turkish town of Suruc on Tuesday, October 14. Minaz was reportedly killed during clashes with ISIS militants in nearby Kobani.

A Kurdish Peshmerga soldier who was wounded in a battle with ISIS is wheeled to the Zakho Emergency Hospital in Duhuk, Iraq, on Tuesday, September 30.

Syrian Kurds wait near a border crossing in Suruc as they wait to return to their homes in Kobani on Sunday, September 28.

Aziza Hamid, a 15-year-old Iraqi girl, cries for her father while she and some other Yazidi people are flown to safety Monday, August 11, after a dramatic rescue operation at Iraq's Mount Sinjar. A CNN crew was on the flight, which took diapers, milk, water and food to the site where as many as 70,000 people were trapped by ISIS. But only a few of them were able to fly back on the helicopter with the Iraqi Air Force and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters.",1
311,Law enforcement took more stuff from people than burglars did last year,"Here's an interesting factoid about contemporary policing: In 2014, for the first time ever, law enforcement officers took more property from American citizens than burglars did. Martin Armstrong pointed this out at his blog, Armstrong Economics, last week.

Officers can take cash and property from people without convicting or even charging them with a crime — yes, really! — through the highly controversial practice known as civil asset forfeiture. Last year, according to the Institute for Justice, the Treasury and Justice departments deposited more than $5 billion into their respective asset forfeiture funds. That same year, the FBI reports that burglary losses topped out at $3.5 billion.

Armstrong claims that ""the police are now taking more assets than the criminals,"" but this isn't exactly right: The FBI also tracks property losses from larceny and theft, in addition to plain ol' burglary. If you add up all the property stolen in 2014, from burglary, theft, motor vehicle theft and other means, you arrive at roughly $12.3 billion, according to the FBI. That's more than double the federal asset forfeiture haul.

One other point: Those asset forfeiture deposit amounts are not necessarily the best indicator of a rise in the use of forfeiture. ""In a given year, one or two high-dollar cases may produce unusually large amounts of money — with a portion going back to victims — thereby telling a noisy story of year-to-year activity levels,"" the Institute for Justice explains. A big chunk of that 2014 deposit, for instance, was the $1.7 billion Bernie Madoff judgment, most of which flowed back to the victims.

For that reason, the net assets of the funds are usually seen as a more stable indicator — those numbers show how much money is left over in the funds each year after the federal government takes care of various obligations, like payments to victims. Since this number can reflect monies taken over multiple calendar years, it's less comparable to the annual burglary statistics.

Still, even this more stable indicator hit $4.5 billion in 2014, according to the Institute for Justice — higher again than the burglary losses that year.

One final caveat is that these are only the federal totals and don't reflect how much property is seized by state and local police each year. Reliable data for all 50 states is unavailable, but the Institute of Justice found that the total asset forfeiture haul for 14 states topped $250 million in 2013. The grand 50-state total would probably be much higher.

Still, boil down all the numbers and caveats above and you arrive at a simple fact: In the United States, in 2014, more cash and property transferred hands via civil asset forfeiture than via burglary. The total value of asset forfeitures was more than one-third of the total value of property stolen by criminals in 2014. That represents something of a sea change in the way police do business — and it's prompting plenty of scrutiny of the practice.

The surprising reason more police dogs are dying in the line of duty

Most Americans don’t realize it’s this easy for police to take your cash

Police chases kill more people each year than floods, tornadoes, hurricanes and lightning — combined",1
1346,"Trump launches 1st TV ad, as 2016 candidates barnstorm Iowa, NH","The Republican presidential candidates kicked off the 2016 election year on Monday with a burst of new attacks and advertising – including Donald Trump’s first TV ad of the season – as they entered the final sprint to Iowa and New Hampshire.

As Trump rolled out his TV spot in both early-voting states, Ben Carson released a new tax plan, just days after shaking up his struggling campaign. Ted Cruz was launching an aggressive 36-county tour across Iowa, while Marco Rubio used a security speech Monday in New Hampshire to slam those who voted to rein in America’s intelligence efforts.

The speeches, the ads, the bus tours and the proposals all reflect an effort by the campaigns in the still-crowded field to effectively re-launch, with less than a month to go until the lead-off Iowa caucuses, and after that the New Hampshire primary.

Carson, who has endured a precipitous drop in the polls and switched up his top campaign staff last week, unveiled a plan Monday to scrap the tax code and replace it with a 14.9 percent flat tax.

“No deductions, no loopholes -- it applies to everybody across the board,” the retired neurosurgeon told Fox News.

Once the darling of Iowa conservatives, Carson has seen his numbers plummet there as Cruz, the Texas senator, has shot to the front of the field – nudging past Trump.

Though Trump still holds the lead in most New Hampshire polls, the billionaire businessman is seeking to energize his bid by putting money behind his first TV ad of the race. His campaign announced it would be spending at least $2 million a week on the ad, split between Iowa and New Hampshire.

The ad reprises Trump’s call to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border and to take the Islamic State’s oil, but begins by defending the controversial proposal he made after the San Bernardino terror attack to ban Muslims from entering the U.S.

The narrator in the ad says: “The politicians can pretend it’s something else but Donald Trump calls its radical Islamic terrorism. That’s why he’s calling for a temporary shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until we can figure out what’s going on.”

Trump isn’t the only one talking tough in the final stretch.

Florida Sen. Rubio, at an American Legion post in New Hampshire, took an implicit shot at candidates like Cruz in blasting lawmakers who voted to rein in the NSA – while vowing to “restore” such intelligence programs.

“If ISIS had lobbyists in Washington, they would have spent millions to support the anti-intelligence law that was just passed with the help of some Republicans now running for president,” Rubio charged.

He also blasted Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton as “incompetent,” and said, “She has lied” – referring to her public explanations regarding the Benghazi terror attack.

Keep the Promise, a super PAC supporting Cruz, launched its own ad in Iowa that mocked Rubio over a video clip he put out in October joking about “fantasy football” – the pro-Cruz ad juxtaposes that against images of ISIS fighters and the refugee crisis to question his seriousness.

Cruz, meanwhile, is keeping a packed schedule as he launches a six-day, 36-county bus tour in the Hawkeye State – and tries to maintain his lead there.

Even the lower-polling candidates are taking another crack at breaking through. Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum, who won the Iowa contest in 2012, launched his first TV ad in the state on Monday – also going after Cruz.

The ad starts with a clip of the Texas senator reading a Dr. Seuss classic, ""Green Eggs And Ham,"" on the Senate floor, which he did during a filibuster-like speech opposing ObamaCare in 2013.

""You want someone to read one helluva bedtime story, Ted Cruz is your guy,"" a narrator says. ""If you want to protect America, and defeat ISIS, Rick Santorum’s your president. Because serious times need serious people.""

Santorum, though, is polling at under 1 percent in the state as Cruz and Trump maintain an unrivaled lead.

New Hampshire, by contrast, is a much tighter contest. No fewer than five candidates are jockeying closely for the position behind Trump in the polls right now: Rubio, Cruz, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, Ohio Gov. John Kasich, and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush.",1
1362,"For the Record: Iowa, why can't we quit you?","More debates! Fewer candidates! We're still talking about Iowa! It's your Thursday edition of For the Record ... let's get to it!

Two more Republican candidates dropped out of the race Wednesday, leaving eight candidates (nine if you count Jim Gilmore, but that's like counting Pluto as still being a planet). Senator Rand Paul is out, dealing a blow to anyone who wanted to make political donations solely in Bitcoin; 2012 Iowa Caucus winner Rick Santorum also suspended his campaign.

After careful consideration, Santorum threw his 0.4% worth of influence at Marco Rubio, while Paul says he won't make any endorsements in the primary — though he says he'll back the eventual Republican nominee.

For Paul, he returns to Kentucky to focus full-time on his re-election campaign for Senate. A few months back, Paul said he'd give up to $500,000 to help pay for an early Kentucky caucus, which would have enabled him to run both for president and senator for a few months longer (here's hoping he kept the receipt).

Rick Santorum, meanwhile, is heading home to binge-watch ""Touched by an Angel"" on Netflix.

On the Kübler-Ross model of grief, Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump are stuck on ""denial"" about the Iowa results. (You might say that Trump is on ""anger"" but no, he's just like that.) On the Democratic side, the official results say Hillary Clinton edged Sanders by 0.29%, one of the closest caucuses in Iowa history; still Team Sanders is looking into how coin-flipping in some precincts affected the ultimate outcome. (One question still unanswered: If a coin landed on its edge, did those delegates go to Martin O'Malley?)

On the Republican side, Donald Trump is calling for a complete do-over based on Ted Cruz staffers spreading rumors that Ben Carson was dropping out of the race, and encouraging Cruz's precinct captains to try to lure Carson supporters to their side. Trump is insisting actually won the caucuses based on his strong pre-debate poll numbers.

So why were the polls and caucus results different? Experts are suggesting it was a strong get-out-the-vote effort by Cruz, plus a number of last-minute deciders, plus the decline of land lines and the increase in cellphone use, which actually makes a lot of sense because ""SORRY NEW PHONE WHO IS THIS"" was pulling in 8% support in late January.

There's another Democratic debate tonight (9 p.m. EST on MSNBC), this time with only Hillary and Bernie on the stage. O'Malley, who dropped out of the race following the Iowa caucuses, will see no significant decrease in speaking time.

""But wait, this debate wasn't on the original schedule,"" said no normal person anywhere. It's true, this debate is one of four added to the Democratic debate schedule just as the race gets more heated. Yesterday the two campaigns argued over Twitter about the definition of ""progressive,"" a debate that spilled over into last night's town hall meeting in Derry, New Hampshire. The tl;dr version: Sanders says Clinton is too moderate on military intervention, the financial industry and trade; Clinton says compromise is needed because ""(a)n important part of being a progressive is making progress."" The fun part will be during the general election, when the Democratic nominee will spend months telling the country how centrist and mainstream they are.

If the political gods formed a human out of campaign contributions and sadness and then made it run for president, this is what it would look like.",1
461,"US economy added 223,000 jobs in April","Really the only unusual or exciting thing about this jobs report is how unusual it is for something so thoroughly expected and non-game-changing to happen. Adding a bit over 200,000 jobs a month is both what analysts thought would happen, and also a trajectory that is consistent with a continued slow decline in unemployment but no real labor market boom.

Dive deeper into the data, and the basic lack of surprises only continues. Labor force participation is up, but only very slightly. Hourly wages are up, but only very slightly.

There's nothing about this jobs report that is likely to change the Federal Reserve's mind about anything, and therefore no reason to expect financial markets to have any particular reaction. Those who think the Fed's current course is dangerously inflationary will keep thinking that. Those who (more correctly!) think the Fed's current course is unreasonably inflation-averse will keep thinking that, as well. Janet Yellen will keep thinking she's on the right track.

Wage growth appears to have settled into a steady pattern that is somewhat better than what we saw at the depths of the recession, but far below what was considered normal before the recession. Partially offsetting this, overall consumer price inflation has been abnormally low for a couple of years now. There are also some compositional effects pulling average wages down as a large cohort of inexperienced 20-somethings have been entering the workforce.

Overall it is a little difficult to understand why some of the small upward bumps have been interpreted in some quarters as a sign of an imminent inflationary breakout. Even the strongest wage-growth months have been weak compared with 2006 or 2007, years that were not exactly halcyon days for the American worker.

Perhaps the clearest sign of how not-yet-completed America's recovery comes from looking at the level of full-time jobs, which is still well below where it was in 2007:

The population, needless to say, has grown in the intervening years, meaning that the failure to fully catch up in job growth makes it difficult for rank-and-file workers to gain bargaining leverage.",1
560,Education Secretary Arne Duncan stepping down,"""He's done more to bring our education system -- sometimes kicking and screaming -- into the 21st century more than anybody else,"" Obama said at a White House ceremony. ""America is going to be better off for what he's done.""

Duncan leaves the administration as the longest-serving education secretary in U.S. history, Obama said.

""It's a record that I truly believe that no other education secretary can match,"" he said. ""Arne bleeds this stuff. He cares so much about our kids. And he's been so passionate about this work.""

While speaking about the impact his parents -- both educators -- had on him, Duncan got emotional.

""All our lives we saw what kids could do when given a chance, and that's why we do this today,"" he said. Obama has selected Deputy Secretary of Education John B. King, Jr. to replace him. In an internal memo to Department of Education staff, Duncan cited the commute between his home and family in Chicago in announcing his departure and called his job the ""greatest honor of my life."" ""We have been lucky to have an a amazing team here from Day One, but I honestly believe our team today is the strongest it's ever been,"" Duncan wrote. ""So it's with real sadness that (I) have come to recognize that being apart from my family has become too much of a strain, and it is time for me to step aside and give a new leader a chance."" Obama brought Duncan with him to Washington from Chicago, where he served as the city's schools chief. He's long been one of the president's closest friends in the administration, their relationship forged in the days before either came to national prominence. Duncan, along with Obama's first chief of staff, Rahm Emanuel, and senior advisers Valerie Jarrett and David Axelrod, formed a hometown crowd for the Obamas when they arrived to the White House. Jarrett remains in her post at the White House, though Axelrod and Emanuel have both returned to Chicago -- Emanuel as the city's mayor, and Axelrod as chair of a politics institute at the University of Chicago. Education Secretary Arne Duncan will step down in December, an administration official said Friday, October 2. Katherine Archuleta, director of the Office of Personnel Management, resigned July 10, a day after revealing a data breach of government computers was vastly larger than originally thought. Margaret Hamburg, commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, announced February 5 in an email to staff that she was stepping down after six years as commissioner. Jennifer Palmieri, Obama's communications director, left in spring 2015. She now serves as the director of communications for Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign. Dan Pfeiffer, one of Obama's chief strategists and closest advisers, departed from the White House in early March, officials confirmed. Marilyn Tavenner, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services' top administrator who was involved in the roll-out of Obamacare, announced in an email to staff that she was resigning at the end of February 2015. Secret Service Director Julia Pierson resigned in October 2014 after multiple security breaches involving the President. The firestorm began after an intruder scaled the fence and entered the White House on September 19, 2014. Gen. David Petraeus stepped down as director of the CIA on November 9, 2012, after an FBI investigation confirmed he was having an affair with his biographer, Paula Broadwell. He served the position for a little over a year. Gen. Eric Shinseki resigned in May 2014 after it was revealed that Veterans Affairs administrators had conspired to cover up wait lists that were months long, leaving sick and dying veterans waiting for care. Kathleen Sebelius resigned as secretary of Health and Human Services in April 2014 after months of backlash against her role in the faulty roll-out of Healthcare.gov. Shirley Sherrod, a former official with the Department of Agriculture, was forced to resign from her position in 2010 after a conservative blogger published a video of her questioning whether to help a white man losing his farm since "" so many black people lost their farm land"" before him. When it was discovered that the video was taken out of context, the USDA offered her another job, which she declined. In June 2010, Obama relieved Gen. Stanley McChrystal from his post as commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan after disparaging comments McChrystal made against the administration in Rolling Stone magazine. Three months after Tareq and Michaele Salahi crashed a state dinner in November 2009, Desiree Rogers stepped down as White House social secretary. Suzanne Barr, a senior Obama administration political appointee and longtime aide to Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano, resigned September 1, 2012, amid allegations of inappropriate sexual behavior lodged by at least three Immigration and Customs Enforcement employees. Duncan said he had not made a decision about his next steps besides spending time with his family and added that he expected to find work that involved ""expanding opportunity for children."" ""Over the years that I have known him, and especially in the months we have worked together here, I've come to recognize John as one of the most passionate, courageous, clear-headed leaders in our field,"" Duncan said. Duncan's departure means Agriculture secretary Tom Vilsack will be the sole remaining Cabinet-level secretary who has been with Obama since 2009. Obama's Office of Management and Budget Director Shaun Donovan started in 2009 as his Housing and Urban Development secretary. In the early days of the administration, Duncan and Obama often played pickup basketball on the weekends in Washington — Duncan is among the group of close Obama confidantes who participated in the President's Election Day pickup game in 2012 -- though Obama's days on the court have waned in favor of days on the golf course. As education secretary, Duncan pushed reforms to improve the quality of education, including advocating for the controversial Common Core requirements. Many Republicans say the requirements provide unnecessary federal interference in school curriculum. He also implemented the administration's ""Race to the Top"" funding program that has states compete for federal school funding, as well as gone after for-profit colleges for predatory practices.",1
132,"Blood money, killer cops: How privatization is funding the racist logic of America’s police","As Harris lay struggling and dying, he told the surrounding officers, “I’m losing my breath.” One officer yelled back at him, “Fuck your breath!” Then he insisted that the dying man be handcuffed.

“Fuck your breath!” encapsulates in only three words the systemic disregard that police regularly show to Black people in America. Just last week, we watched Michael Slager execute Walter Scott in South Carolina for daring to run away. Now this week, we are also tuning into the trial of former Chicago Police Officer Dante Servin, who is charged with involuntary manslaughter in the killing of 22-year-old Rekia Boyd in March 2012. In the cases of Eric Garner in Staten Island, Tamir Rice in Cleveland, Walter Scott in South Carolina, and Eric Harris in Tulsa, we have seen video of law enforcement officers not only critically injuring citizens but also refusing to administer medical care, with fatal consequences.

Given the origins of policing in this country and their connections to slave patrols and other forms of racialized social control, I am under no illusions that the police have ever held Black life in high regard. Police complicity and participation in lynchings and in the KKK make that clear. But the explicit, tacit refusal of Black people’s right to breathe is still significant. The fact that the Tulsa County Sheriff’s Office is a pay-to-play force is significant. The fact that white men can sign up with government approval for the right to play cops and robbers on the weekends is appalling. That Black lives provide fodder for state-sanctioned sport should have us in the streets.

There is something about the logics of self-governance under the terms of neoliberalism that make this moment feel more pessimistic than our trite narrative of linear progress on racial issues would have us conclude. In 2012, the United Arab Emirates gave $1 million to the New York City Police Foundation. According to an NYPD spokesperson, the money was used to upgrade equipment and aid in criminal investigations. In both New York City and Tulsa, private funding of law enforcement significantly impacts the way local policing is done. In Tulsa, it results in the pay-to-play scheme. In New York City, it allows for large infusions of cash donations whose specific uses do not come under public scrutiny because they are private funds.

These forms of neoliberal policing — in which private citizens and private monies impact the culture of policing but escape governmental checks and balances — endanger us all.

In New York, such actions enable the purchase of unspecified forms of “equipment” that might, for instance, be used to exacerbate the culture of militarized policing in the NYPD.  Part of this money allows the NYPD to travel to the UAE to learn counterterrorism measures. In the wake of 9/11, some external training might be helpful, but essentially, this sounds like a case of the NYPD being allowed money to play global cops and robbers, and to then test out these tactics on the Black and Brown people who are policed heavily within the city.

In the case of Tulsa, this privately underwritten form of law enforcement placed an underprepared “pretend” deputy into a serious confrontation. As a result, Eric Harris lost his life.

But he did not just lose his breath. As he lay dying, he was refused the right to breathe. That refusal came in a chorus of other taunts about how he was getting what he deserved because he chose to run. His breath seeped out of his Black body as public service officers taunted him in a barrage of profanity.

Why is the refusal of breath to Black people endemic to the American condition? What about the Black body makes the life-breath that we all hold so dear — so sacred — such a profane and devalued thing in the hands of white people?

In 1977, the famous writer and American prophet James Baldwin returned to America after living in France for more than three decades. In an interview at the New York Times, he said: “I left America because I had to. It was a personal decision. I wanted to write, and it was the 1940’s, and it was no big picnic for blacks. I grew up on the streets of Harlem, and I remember President Roosevelt, the liberal, having a lot of trouble with an anti- lynching bill he wanted to get through the Congress–never mind the vote, never mind restaurants, never mind schools, never mind a fair employment policy. I had to leave; I needed to be in a place where I could breathe and not feel someone’s hand on my throat.” Baldwin names a moment that sounds similar to our own. The vote is insecure from racial tampering. Indiana has just passed legislation that allows businesses (including eateries) to discriminate against customers based on “religious” assessments of their fitness to be served. Our public schools are in abysmal condition and throughout the country fast food workers are waging the Fight-for-Fifteen, a campaign for a $15 minimum wage. Baldwin illuminates for us the way that America exists as a place predicated on the refusal of Black breath and the denial of Black people’s right to move freely in the world without losing our lives for having a broken taillight or playing with a toy gun, or for standing on the street chatting with friends. This refusal of breath is not only anti-Black, but multigenerational, and harder to combat because of the way neoliberalism and acts of privatization have invaded police forces. As Eric Harris’ breath left him, other officers reminded him that “you ran!” Similar charges were levied against Walter Scott by pundits and commentators last week. “Why did he run?” Neoliberal structures of self-governance demand that we all control ourselves and “do the right thing,” in order to avoid negative consequences. Meanwhile, the conditions that enable us to actually do the right thing continue to slip away. Walter Scott ran because as a poor Black man who was in arrears on his child support, he did not want to be subject to a long prison sentence and fines he could not pay. The sense of precariousness about not being able to enjoy simple pleasures, like going for a ride on the weekend because you might find yourself in prison interminably for bills you can’t pay, is surely not just. These are not justifications for Walter Scott’s wrongdoing. They are reminders that many of us manage to do the right thing because we live in conditions that allow us to pay bills, adequately support our children, and find sufficient employment. Many, many Americans, a disproportionate number of them Americans of color, do not live in such conditions. Yelling at them or executing them for making bad choices in a system that offers limited options shows us how often we miss the point. Under this kind of logic, the supposed lack of control of working-class Black and Brown people justifies the stultifying overpolicing of our communities, the stranglehold of our prison system saddling Black people with jail time, fines, probation, parole and a constant sense of threat, and finally, the ultimate refusal of one’s breath by a trigger-happy police officer if you fail to submit in any way to this unjust state of affairs. Something must change. For we are all losing our collective breath. We all watch as the police and the state communicate their clear disregard for the value of Black life. The weight of historical injustice and present injustice constricts, makes us writhe in agony, makes us go out to protest. That the officers in each of these three killings are being tried is nothing to celebrate. We do not celebrate our country for doing the right thing. Charging those who unjustly kill others with murder or manslaughter is basic. Figuring out how to let Black people live is apparently far more complicated.",1
1758,Trump vows to win: 'I'm not going anywhere',"""I'm not going anywhere, I'm leading every poll and I'm going to make our country great again,"" Trump told CNN's Chris Cuomo on ""New Day"" on Tuesday morning.

""I'm not getting out. I'm going to win, OK?"" Trump added. ""The answer is: I'm going all the way and I'm going to win.""

Trump said Sunday on NBC's ""Meet the Press"" that he would get out of the race if his poll numbers plummeted and he had no chance of winning, setting off speculation among pundits that Trump might soon drop out of the GOP presidential contest.

Trump remains the leading contender for the GOP nomination in all the major polls, but that lead has slipped in recent weeks as contenders like retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson and businesswoman Carly Fiorina gain on the billionaire candidate.

The latest poll in Iowa from NBC News/Wall Street Journal shows Trump leading Carson by just 5 points, down from a double-digit lead just weeks ago. And in New Hampshire, Trump's lead has also slipped to 5 points ahead of Fiorina -- down from 10 points just two weeks ago. Trump also took the opportunity Tuesday to once again slam Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Florida, as a ""total lightweight"" and even knocked Rubio for past financial difficulties: ""Take a look at his past, he's got $12 in the bank."" ""Rubio is not the guy that's going to be negotiating with the kinds of people you have to negotiate with to turn this country around,"" Trump said. RELATED: First on CNN: Trump sent prank care package to Rubio Trump has been jabbing at the Rubio campaign in recent weeks, as the Florida senator got positive reviews for his debate performance last month and has risen in the polls. His campaign sent a case of ""Trump Ice Natural Spring Water"" to Rubio's headquarters, a dig at the time Floridian who once took a memorable gulp from a water bottle while giving the Republican response to President Barack Obama's State of the Union address. Later on Tuesday, the Republican also defended his support for eminent domain, which allows government to seize private land and pays the owners in return. Some conservatives, such as the influential Club for Growth, which is attacking Trump for his position , oppose the power in order to protect property rights. ""Eminent domain -- when it comes to jobs, roads, the public good -- I think it's a wonderful thing,"" Trump told Fox News' Bret Baier. ""I fully understand the conservative approach, but I don't think it was explained to most conservatives.""",1
3344,State Department will not release 22 'top secret' Clinton emails,"(CNN) The State Department announced Friday that it will not release 22 emails from former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton because they contain ""top secret"" information, the highest level of government classification.

The decision, coming three days before the Iowa caucuses, could provide fodder for Clinton's political opponents, especially Republicans, who are likely to make note of the emails' ""top secret"" designation. Clinton's email use has haunted her on the campaign trail since it became public early last year that she maintained a private server while leading the State Department.

State Department spokesman John Kirby said the documents, totaling 37 pages, were not marked classified at the time they were sent, but are being upgraded at the request of the Intelligence Community because they contain sensitive information.

But, Kirby said, a separate review by the bureaus of Diplomatic Security and Intelligence and Research is being held into whether the information in the emails was classified at the time they were sent and received. He would not say when the review began or how long it would go, and acknowledged it's possible there could be classified emails that weren't marked as such.

""It's certainly possible that for any number of reasons, traffic can be sent that's not marked appropriately for its classification. That is certainly possible,"" Kirby said.

But he added that he wasn't going to make any judgments about this particular case.

""All I can tell you definitively is it wasn't marked classified at the time it was sent,"" Kirby said.

A senior State Department official said the review ""began very recently"" and was initiated by the State Department, but the official wouldn't say what prompted it.

A spokesperson for the Intelligence Community's inspector general declined to comment.

Kirby also said 18 emails, comprised of eight email chains between Clinton and President Barack Obama, are being ""withheld in full"" to ""protect the President's ability to receive unvarnished advice and counsel."" But, Kirby said, they ""have not been determined to be classified"" and said they will ""ultimately be released in accordance with the Presidential records act.""

""I'd love for people to see what I did and I hope that will happen,"" she said.

Brian Fallon, a spokesman for Clinton's campaign, said in a statement that Friday's announcement was a case of ""over-classification run amok"" and reiterated Clinton's position that the emails be made public.

But later Friday, Fallon declined to say whether Clinton would ask Obama to declassify the emails when pressed by CNN's Wolf Blitzer on ""The Situation Room.""

""The President easily could declassify all of these emails if she asked him and if he agreed, right?"" Blitzer asked.

""I'd really be surprised if this has risen to the President's level,"" Fallon replied. ""Because, again, this a mundane matter of fulfilling a FOIA request.""

Asked Friday if he had ""certainty and confidence"" that Clinton will not be indicted over the email controversy, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said any decision to prosecute Clinton would rest with the Justice Department.

""That is a decision to be made solely by independent prosecutors,"" Earnest said. ""But again, based on what we know from the Department of Justice, it does not seem to be headed in that direction.""

The State Department released more than 900 of Clinton's emails Friday -- 242 of which received classification upgrades: 11 to ""secret"" and 209 more to ""confidential,"" along with the 22 emails containing ""top secret"" information -- but the release fell well behind the judge-imposed timetable for producing all of her emails.

Among the most interesting correspondence:

This month's release was supposed to be the final one and include just over 9,000 pages of documents -- the largest number to date.

That delay was then compounded by a huge snowstorm that shut down the federal government for several days, according to the State Department's motion.

Several prominent Republicans, including presidential hopefuls, quickly condemned Clinton, the Democratic 2016 front-runner, over Friday's developments.

""The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum, how can someone with such bad (judgment) be our next president?"" GOP front-runner Donald Trump tweeted.

Florida Sen. Marco Rubio said Clinton's email use was a ""disqualifier"" for the White House.

""Hillary Clinton put some of the highest, most sensitive intelligence information on her private server because maybe she thinks she's above the law,"" Rubio said at a town hall event in Clinton, Iowa.

Texas Sen. Ted Cruz told conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt that Clinton's email controversy would seriously imperil her presidential aspirations.

""We are talking about serious offenses for which the Obama Justice Department threw the book at General (David) Petraeus,"" Cruz said. ""And justice needs to be enforced fairly and impartially.""

And Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus tweeted that Clinton and the Obama administration have ""obfuscated and misled at every available opportunity,"" adding that she has ""removed all doubt that she cannot be trusted with the presidency.""

But Rep. Adam Schiff, D-California, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said classification determinations ""are often very complex.""

""It's important to remember that none of these emails had any classification markings at the time they were sent, and Secretary Clinton and her staff were responding to world events in real time without the benefit of months of analysis after the fact,"" Schiff said.

Meanwhile, Clinton's top Democratic 2016 rival, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, said in a statement that ""there is a legal process in place which should proceed and not be politicized.""

""The American people are sick and tired of hearing about your damn emails,"" he said then to applause.",1
1863,Hillary's Iowa reset: Is it enough?,"On this day in 1973, J. Fred Buzhardt, a lawyer defending President Richard Nixon in the Watergate case, revealed that a key White House tape had an 18...",1
5191,"Do Trump's Groping, Clinton's Lying, &amp; Johnson's Honesty Disqualify Them from the Presidency?","""It's like we're testing the proposition that candidates themselves don't matter, that the only thing that matters is their party affiliation. We're offering up people two totally garbage candidates and then saying, 'OK, what if we made it worse.'""

That's Reason magazine Editor in Chief Katherine Mangu-Ward kicking off a new Reason podcast hosted by me and featuring guest Eli Lake, who writes about national security for Bloomberg View.

In the 40 minutes of fast-paced, wide-ranging conversation, we talk about whether alleged past assaults by Donald Trump should disqualify him from the presidency, how Wikileaks is confirming everyone's lowest opinion of Hillary Clinton, and how Gary Johnson's lack of guile may make him unsuited to be commander in chief. Also: Does the United States need to bust Russia's lip to maintain international order and are we living in a fully post-fact world?

Produced by Ian Keyser. Listen by clicking below.

Subscribe to our audio podcast at iTunes.

Subscribe to our video podcast at iTunes.

Like us on Facebook.",1
282,GOP leadership race gets personal,Top Dems want White House to call off Part B demo — The next cancer drug shortage,1
4821,Frustrated Trump advisers pan him for lousy debate prep (anonymously),"Donald Trump believes he won the first presidential debate. He’s proclaimed that publicly and told me so himself.

Some of his advisers disagree, and they believe his debate prep was something of a disaster.

One well-placed source told me that there were too many people in the room during these sessions, as many as a dozen at a time, and some, including two generals, had no experience with debates or even campaigns. The result was that the candidate got lots of conflicting advice on what to say and do from a team that hadn’t even agreed internally on the best strategies.

I’m also told that Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell, hardly unabashed Trump fans, provided debate advice by phone.

The result, in this source’s view, is that Trump was overprepared, which left him without a clear plan to deliver his message or respond to Hillary Clinton’s jibes.

A harsher indictment was delivered to the New York Times, one in which Trump advisers attempted to blame the boss.

It’s striking that they would criticize their candidate from behind a curtain of anonymity. In effect, they’re saying, hey, don’t blame us, we tried to tell him but he wouldn’t listen.

Or viewed another way, they are using the press to send him a message that he needs to change his approach for the second debate in St. Louis.

Now much of this is inside baseball. Hillary Clinton is widely credited, even by many conservative commentators, as having delivered a strong performance at Hofstra and kept her opponent on the defensive. She will probably get a polling bump of a couple of points. But Trump’s supporters remain in in his corner after watching him go toe-to-toe with a former secretary of State without committing a major gaffe.

When campaigns are in a tailspin, loyalty sometimes melts as its consultants and strategists scramble to salvage their own reputations at the boss’ expense. But Trump, against all the odds set by the pundits, is in an extremely competitive race against Clinton and could win the thing.

“Campaign advisers to Donald J. Trump, concerned that his focus and objectives had dissolved during the first presidential debate on Monday, plan to more rigorously prepare him for his next face-off”—but that “whether he is open to practicing meticulously is a major concern.”

Yes, that is the sound of some folks throwing the nominee under the bus.

These unnamed sources “were privately awash in second-guessing about why he stopped attacking Mrs. Clinton on trade and character issues and instead grew erratic, impatient and subdued as the night went on. In interviews, seven campaign aides and advisers, most of whom sought anonymity to speak candidly, expressed frustration and discouragement over their candidate’s performance.”

 

 The Gang of Seven is clearly ticked off.

The last time this kind of internal carping hit the press, during the “let Trump be Trump” debate, Paul Manafort was gone and Steve Bannon and Kellyanne Conway were tapped to run the show.

Trump’s fans are angry at the media coverage portraying him as having lost the debate, at least according to my Twitter feed. And who knows? It’s not like the press hasn’t been repeatedly wrong about Trump.

But a story in which some of Trump’s own advisers are anonymously quoted as saying he was “erratic” in a debate watched by 84 million people doesn’t help the cause. Even if the Times reporters sought out these sources, you don’t usually see Hillary advisers anonymously griping about their candidate.

Even successful campaigns go through near-death experiences. Clinton was sliding in the polls through her pneumonia period and Democrats were starting to panic. In the end, the burden is on Trump himself, and not his inner circle, to find a way to win.

--Howard Dean standing by his ludicrous suggestion that Donald Trump might have a coke problem makes me want to ... scream. It’s outrageous for a doctor, ex-governor and former presidential candidate and party chairman to act like a smear merchant. Kudos to MSNBC’s Joe Scarborough for calling on his colleague to apologize.

--A former Chris Christie ally, David Wildstein, has testified that the governor laughed when he told him the George Washington Bridge lanes were being closed as an act of political retaliation. I don’t know if that’s true, and the former presidential candidate has denied it, but imagine if Trump had chosen Christie as his running mate.

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
2033,Don’t underestimate Rand Paul as a 2016 presidential contender,"The first nine months of 2013 have convinced us of one thing: Rand Paul acts, and the rest of the potential 2016 Republican presidential field reacts.

On drones, the senator from Kentucky led a 13-hour filibuster that drew Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), among others, to the floor in support. On Syria, Paul was out front in his opposition to a military strike — a position that more than two dozen of his Republican Senate colleagues came to share.

Paul, in short, seems to be a step or two in front of the ongoing transformation of the Republican Party from a hawkish conservatism to a sort of populist libertarianism.

That’s not to say, of course, that significant strains of resistance to the vision of the Republican Party that Paul is offering don’t remain. They do. And it remains to be seen whether the establishment, such as it is — elected officials and major donors, primarily — can unite to keep Paul from the nomination in favor of a politically “safer” choice such as Rubio or New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie.

And Paul, as he showed with his civil rights comments during his 2010 Senate campaign in Kentucky, holds some controversial views that can — and will — get him into trouble in the glare of the national spotlight.

But anyone who laughs at Paul as a serious contender, dismisses him as just a carbon copy of his father — former representative Ron Paul (R-Tex.) — or otherwise writes him off would do well to study the year in politics so far. No one in the GOP has had a better year than Paul. And it’s not all that close.

Below are our rankings of the 10 candidates with the best chance of winding up as the Republican presidential nominee. While this should go without saying, making predictions in 2013 about 2016 is something short of purely scientific.

10. Mike Pence: The Indiana governor is flying way under the radar at the moment, but he has the makings of a potential 2016 dark horse. Social and fiscal conservatives like him, he’s a charismatic communicator and, perhaps most important, he doesn’t work in Washington.

9. John Kasich: The Ohio governor’s poll numbers have recovered remarkably well from his first few years in office, and he now looks like a modest favorite for reelection against much-touted Democratic nominee Ed FitzGerald. If Kasich wins in 2014, he has a case to make as a swing-state Midwestern governor who previously served as the chairman of the House Budget Committee and who ran, albeit briefly, for president in 2000.

8. Bobby Jindal: We believe that Jindal’s stock was probably a bit too high a year ago and is now a bit too low. His numbers in Louisiana still aren’t great, but they are better than earlier this year. Jindal’s decision to reject Medicaid expansion under the Affordable Care Act will be a feather in his cap among conservative presidential-primary voters.

7. Scott Walker : The Wisconsin governor may have a bit more of a reelection race on his hands than he originally thought with wealthy former Trek executive Mary Burke running for the Democratic nomination. And we hear from reliable Wisconsin sources that Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) is more interested in running than we believed. If Ryan runs, it’s hard to see Walker also getting in.

6. Ted Cruz : Cruz is the biggest attraction among rank-and-file Republicans at the moment. He evokes genuine passion among the base — and that’s not ever to be underestimated. But it’s also worth remembering that Rep. Michele Bachmann (R-Minn.) held that title once upon a time, and she held it much closer to the time when people were actually set to cast votes for president.

5. Jeb Bush: This is our holding-pattern ranking for the former Florida governor. If he announces that he’s running or even that he’s moving toward running — heck, we’d take a Bush trip to Iowa, New Hampshire or South Carolina — then he is probably our No. 1 on the list.

4. Paul Ryan: See the note above about our previous underestimating of Ryan’s interest in running. The coming fights over the government shutdown and raising the debt ceiling are ready-made for Ryan and will (re)increase his profile nationally. We still are skeptical that he has the political chops to run a two-year-plus campaign for the Republican nomination, though.

3. Marco Rubio: Rubio’s front-runner status has clearly come into question in the aftermath of his work to pass comprehensive immigration reform through the Senate. The bill’s fate remains decidedly uncertain in the GOP-controlled House and is still not popular among the party’s grass roots. For those who write off Rubio because of immigration, however, go back and watch his speech at the 2012 Republican National Convention. He is someone of considerable political talent.

2. Chris Christie: Yes, Christie has something of a base problem given the false idea that he somehow cost Mitt Romney the 2012 election because of his embrace of President Obama after Hurricane Sandy. But Christie’s regular-guy populism is a nice fit for the times.

1. Rand Paul: He’s not a clear front-runner. But, if you are looking for a candidate who can (a) raise the money, (b) has a clear and compelling message and (c) has an obvious edge in an early state (Iowa), then Paul is the only person in the top three who checks all three boxes. We repeat what we said above: Underestimate him at your peril.",1
4557,Russia joins France striking ISIS stronghold in Syria,"Russian military might joined French warplanes Tuesday as the two nations struck back at the Islamic State four days after terror teams carried out coordinated attacks in Paris, leaving 129 people dead.

10 French fighter jets carried out new airstrikes on ISIS targets in Syria, according to French defense minister Jean-Yves Le Drian.

Also, twelve Russian long-range bombers including supersonic Tu-22M “Backfires” flew from a base in Mozdok, Russia near the border of Georgia and Azerbaijan and launched cruise missiles inside Raqqa, a U.S. official with knowledge of the mission told Fox News.

The supersonic bombers flew over the Caspian Sea, Iran, Iraq and into Syria before unleashing a volley of cruise missiles into Raqqa. The U.S. military is still assessing the damage.

A defense official in the Middle East tells Fox News that despite the countries' shared objective of targeting ISIS, it is “highly unlikely” the French and Russians coordinated their strikes. That official also said he did not think the French would communicate with the Russians in secret.

Fox News is told Russia did inform the U.S. before launching the new assault. The official characterized the Russian effort as “not devastating.”

The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the crash of a Russian passenger plane over Egypt last month, killing 224 people. On Tuesday, Russia's security service said a homemade explosive device brought down the airliner, calling it a ""terrorist"" act.

Cruise missiles were also fired Monday from the Caspian Sea from Russian Navy missile boats, some of the same vessels which launched a similar salvo into Syria last month.

Russia's defense minister also said its warplanes fired cruise missiles on militant positions in Syria's Idlib and Aleppo provinces. Sergei Shoigu told reporters the missiles were fired from Tu-160 and Tu-95 warplanes. The Islamic State has positions in Aleppo province, whereas Idlib has the presence of the Nusra militant group.

Meantime, President Vladimir Putin ordered the Russian missile cruiser Moskva, currently in the Mediterranean, to start cooperating with the French military on operations in Syria. Putin said a French aircraft carrier task force is to approach the Moskva soon and the cruiser is to ""cooperate with them as with allies.""

Germany and Italy ruled out any role in the air campaign against ISIS in Syria. German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said ""it doesn't make sense if we add to the 16 nations which are carrying out air attacks.""

Germany is providing weapons and equipment to Kurdish fighters battling ISIS in northern Iraq. Steinmeier said it ""was the right strategy"" because they are holding ground and making ""slight territorial gains.""

Italian Defense Minister Roberta Pinotti said her country was already planning to beef up its actions in Iraq. While ruling out an Italian military role in Syria, she said Italy ""assured France of its maximum availability"" in other cooperation.

Also Tuesday, France invoked a never-before-used article of the EU's Lisbon Treaty obliging members of the 28-nation bloc to give ""aid and assistance by all the means in their power"" to a member country that is ""the victim of armed aggression on its territory."" French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said EU partners could help ""either by taking part in France's operations in Syria or Iraq, or by easing the load or providing support for France in other operations.""

The airstrikes came as The Wall Street Journal, citing two Western security officials, reported that 27-year-old Abdelhamid Abaaoud had been sought as a target for an airstrike, but could not be located. A Western intelligence official told the paper that efforts to monitor communications between Abaaoud in Syria and jihadists in Europe were complicated by an inability to tell whether Abaaoud or his teenage brother was speaking.

Abaaoud was named by French officials as the key figure suspected of planning and organizing the Paris attacks, which included a series of suicide bombings outside the country's national stadium and a massacre at a concert hall.

He came to public notice in Belgium last year for taking his then 13-year-old brother with him to Syria and appearing in an ISIS propaganda video in which he boasted about his pride in piling the dead bodies of ""infidel"" enemies into a trailer. At some point, Abaaoud returned to Belgium, only to escape the authorities in January of this year after police foiled a plot to attack officers he had masterminded on behalf of a cell based in the Belgian town of Verviers. In the ensuing gun battle, two of Abaaoud's alleged accomplices were killed, but Abaaoud somehow escaped.

He told the monthly ISIS magazine Dabiq in its February issue that he slipped away from European intelligence agencies because “Allah blinded their vision."" He added, ""My name and picture were all over the news, yet I was able to stay in their homeland, plan operations against them and leave safely when doing so became necessary.""

French officials who identified Abaaoud as a prime suspect to The Associated Press cited chatter from ISIS figures that Abaaoud had recommended a concert as an ideal target for inflicting maximum casualties, as well as electronic communications between Abaaoud and one of the Paris attackers who blew himself up.

Western officials told the Journal they had no knowledge of the planned attacks on the French capital as they sought Abaaoud, and admitted they did not know whether his death would have been enough to stop the attacks, which were carried out by seven suicide attackers, including a set of three brothers.

A Belgian official told the Journal ""it is certain"" that Abaaoud knew Salah Abdeslam, who was being hunted by authorities across Europe early Tuesday on suspicion of his having been involved in the Paris terror. The two jihadists grew up not far from each other in the Brussels suburb of Molenbeek and spent time in the same prison for petty crimes.

People in Paris fought back in their own way -- by continuing to eat, drink and be merry. Bar and restaurant owners urged people to return to their local nightspots Tuesday, relaying the message online and on social media with the slogan ""Tous au bistrot"" -- Everyone to the bistro.

The message is backed by restaurant website Le Fooding, which says people should go out to pay tribute to the victims, support the food and drink industry and show that ""France will not give in to fear.""

Other Parisians are posting pictures on Twitter of themselves on the city's many cafe and restaurant patios, using the hashtag #JeSuisAuTerrasse -- I'm on the patio.

Fox News' Lucas Tomlinson and The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click for more from The Wall Street Journal.",1
238,John Boehner's parting gift to Paul Ryan,Top Dems want White House to call off Part B demo — The next cancer drug shortage,1
1674,Jeb Bush just proved that Dubya was the smart one all along,"The popular conservative argument that George W. Bush ""kept us safe"" from terrorism has always been somewhat undermined by the fact that the vast majority of domestic terrorism deaths in American history occurred while Bush was in office. But it turns out that it took Donald Trump to offer an argument that Democrats have always shied away from, telling Bloomberg TV, ""When you talk about George Bush, I mean, say what you want, the World Trade Center came down during his time.""

As phrased by Trump, the argument is provocative to the point of poor taste, but in attempting to rebut it, Jeb Bush went and made exactly the explicit claim that the doctrine of ""Bush kept us safe"" has always avoided — that the period of time during which Bush kept us safe includes 9/11 itself.

Pre-Jeb, nobody made the argument in that way, because it's obviously ridiculous.

Instead, kept-us-safe-ism has tended to indulge in the fantasy that Bush was inaugurated in mid-September 2001 rather than early late January. Through this metaphysical sleight of hand, the events of 9/11 themselves neither refute nor bolster the notion that the Bush years were a time of safety. With his clumsy effort to parry Trump, however, Jeb has given away the whole game.

After all, ""we"" clearly were not safe on 9/11.",1
5086,Bill Clinton makes powerful case for Hillary in personal speech at the DNC,"Hillary Clinton’s historic moment finally arrived on Tuesday night, accompanied by an intensely personal speech from her husband Bill, that sought to recast her image as a symbol of the political establishment.



“She’s the best darn change-maker I ever met in my life,” insisted the former president, recalling decades of Hillary Clinton’s work as a social radical. “This woman has never been satisfied with the status quo in anything.”

On a night when she became the first woman to be nominated by a major party to run for the White House, Hillary Clinton fully embraced the historic significance of the occasion.

She joined the party by live satellite link from New York to the accompanying sound of breaking glass, disrupting a black and white montage of the 44 male presidents of the United States who have gone before her.

“I can’t believe we just put the biggest crack in that glass ceiling yet,” said Clinton. “If there are any little girls out there who stayed up late to watch, can I just say, I may become the first woman president but one of you is next.”

Amid a growing populist challenge from Republican Donald Trump and scenes of revolt from some Bernie Sanders supporters, her husband’s powerfully persuasive speech may go some way to restoring momentum to the campaign.

“Hillary will make us stronger together,” he said. “You know it, because she spent a lifetime doing it. I hope you will do it. I hope you will elect her. Those of us who have more yesterdays than tomorrows tend to think more about our children and grandchildren.”

The speech capped a pivotal day for the party, as it sought to move on from scenes of division, and capitalise on Clinton’s symbolic breakthrough.

She will address the crowd directly on Thursday in a formal acceptance of the nomination but for now, speeches first from Michelle Obama and now from Bill Clinton have done the most to counter a much darker vision of America presented by Republican candidate Donald Trump.



“If she wins she’s coming back for you to take you along on the ride for America’s future,” said former president Clinton as he recalled campaigning with coalminers in West Virginia and urged to the party to do more to create more new jobs in the US economy.



It was almost the only overtly political message of his own. In contrast with past speeches, where the former president has risked overshadowing the campaign, this one sounded more like the personal speeches made by the wives of male candidates.

In an azure blue tie that picked out the colours of the arena, and with his hands shaking slightly, Clinton delivered a highly personal account of their courtship and marriage that seemed at times to be an attempt to make America fall in love with the girl he first met in the spring of 1971.

Skipping over the awkward moments in a very public, and at times visibly flawed, marriage, Clinton instead said: “I married my best friend,” recalling two failed proposal attempts and then describing when Clinton’s water broke during her pregnancy with Chelsea – undoubtedly a first in a speech about a US presidential candidate.

“The first time I saw her was in a class on political and civil rights … [she had] big blond hair, big glasses, wore no makeup and exuded a sense that I found magnetic,” said a clearly infatuated and somewhat awed Clinton. “I knew I might be starting something I couldn’t stop.”

After spending nearly an hour describing her political and personal accomplishments he turned only briefly to her opponent. And he issued a direct challenge to the two-dimensional “cartoon” image of his wife which had been painted by her political foes.

“How does this square with what you heard at the Republican convention? One is real, the other is made up,” said Bill. “You just have to decide which is which my fellow Americans … Good for you, because earlier today you nominated the real one.”



The well-received speech, seeking to rewrite the accepted wisdom about her candidacy, may help galvanise the campaign in much the same way Bill Clinton helped revive Barack Obama’s listless 2012 effort.

But the space was created by another reconcilation between competing Democrats earlier in the evening.

Bernie Sanders left the arena with his head held high on Tuesday. In contrast to the chaotic scenes of protest from his supporters that marred attempts at unity on day one, the room largely came together for the historic night, with few boos at all.

The healing was helped by fresh opportunities for the Sanders campaign to celebrate its success and vow to continue its fight for more radical social reform. “Because this is a movement fuelled by love it can never be stopped or defeated,” said Hawaii congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard as she formally proposed Sanders for the nomination.

Shortly before calling for a suspension of the rules to move directly to the nomination of his former rival, Sanders appeared emotional as he listened to his tearful brother Larry announce delegates from the Democrats Abroad primary.

The pageant of democracy hid some controversy too. A small group of Sanders supporters staged a sit-in of the media centre, largely in protest at the party’s use of superdelegates to bolster Clinton’s margin of victory in states where Sanders won the most votes.

Clinton was at home watching events from her New York state home in Chappaqua, but her daughter Chelsea was on hand in a venue packed with rising female stars from the Democratic party and wider US society.

Former secretary of state Madeleine Albright, herself a noted breaker of glass ceilings, received one of the warmest welcomes of the evening for a commanding speech that listed Clinton’s foreign affairs experience. Trump, she claimed, “has already done damage just by running for president”.

Oscar winner Meryl Streep signed off the night by asking: “What does it take to be the first female anything? It takes grit and it takes grace.”

Placing Clinton in a lineage of great American women from Rosa Parks and Amelia Earhart to Harriet Tubman and Eleanor Roosevelt, she told the delegates: “You people have made history and you’re gonna make history again in November because Hillary Clinton will be our first woman president … she’ll be the first but she won’t be the last.”

Lena Dunham, creator and star of the HBO series Girls, led a series of celebrity endorsements that joined the dots between Clinton’s breaking of glass ceilings and Trump’s dismissive comments about women.

“According to Donald Trump, my body is probably like, a two,” she began. “His rhetoric about women takes us back to a time when we were meant to be beautiful and silent.”

“Donald Trump is not making America great again; he is making America hate again,” added fellow actor America Ferrera, from the TV series Ugly Betty.

California senator Barbara Boxer emerged on stage to the soundtrack from Rocky, Philadelphia’s de facto theme tune. “Are you ready to elect the very first woman president of these United States of America?” “Yes!” came a reply that sounded less hesitant than usual, as confidence among Democrats grows.

Some of the most powerful political messaging came via prepared video footage that interspersed live speakers with clips of Trump: exposing his lack of respect for women, or damning him with his own words as he described pregnancy as an irritant for employers.

There were also the first hints of the national security issues, which are likely to be a big feature of the latter part of week. Republicans watching on television have criticised the Philadelphia convention for ignoring pressing safety issues, in a stadium devoid of the usual flags that tend to dominate US political sets.

Survivors of the 9/11 attack on New York paid moving testimony to the support they received from Clinton as a local senator. “When New York needed her, she was there,” said Lauren Manning, a burns victim whose emotional speech provided some of the most powerful character testimony yet.

Others tried a lighter tack in the campaign’s conscious effort to try to humanise a candidate still regarded as aloof and chilly by some Americans.

Kentucky secretary of state Alison Lundergan Grimes began the night recalling that the soon-to-be nominee loves lifestyle TV “and can devour buffalo wings”. Barbara Mikulski said Clinton would fight for “macaroni and cheese” issues, boasting again of her taste for down-to-earth food.

There were echoes of a similar attempt to add colour to the larger-than-life media image of Trump at last week’s Republican convention, as both campaigns grapple with the historically low favourability ratings of both candidates. But while Trump was pictured as a ruthless winner by his business associates, Clinton surrogates queued up to claim she was a people person – the opposite of the public stereotype.",1
473,Middle Class Decline Looms over Final Years of Obama Presidency,"The revival of middle-class jobs has been one of Obama's mantras since he took office in 2009 fighting the worst economic crisis in generations. It was a major theme of his last State of the Union address and is expected to feature in the one scheduled for Tuesday.

Obama's administration can take credit for stabilizing the U.S. economy, which is growing again and last year added jobs at the fastest clip since 1999.

But for the middle class the scars of the recession still run deep. Federal Reserve survey data show families in the middle fifth of the income scale now earn less and their net worth is lower than when Obama took office.

In the six years through 2013, over the recession and recovery that have spanned Obama's tenure, jobs have been added at the top and bottom of the wage scale, a Reuters analysis of labor statistics shows. In the middle, the economy has shed positions - whether in traditional trades like machining or electrical work, white-collar jobs in human resources, or technical ones like computer operators.

The trend is in plain sight in Dalton, Georgia, a manufacturing hub 90 miles (145 kilometers)north of Atlanta. Massive factories that made it ""the carpet capital of the world,"" were slammed by the collapse of the housing bubble. During the recession, with machines idle, they began investing heavily in new technology and are now laying plans to restore some lost jobs.

But the new positions are more skewed to the high and low end, and there will be fewer of them per dollar of output than before the recession, said Brian Anderson, president of the Greater Dalton Chamber of Commerce.

""We can produce a whole lot of new carpet with not a lot more people,"" Anderson said. Companies have spent between $1.5 and $2 billion on retooling and innovation, reducing demand for labor, while higher than average regional unemployment continued to hold down wages, he said.

Firms like flooring giant Shaw Industries pared jobs - dropping 5,000 from a pre-recession labor force of 28,000 - but with new technology have rebuilt revenue to near previous levels. The company is boosting wages for master mechanics to around $30 an hour, but feels no pressure to increase wages for the unskilled positions it retains.

The heavy investment in robotics and mechanization has raised expectations, said Paul Richard, Shaw's vice president of human resources. ""It has put more emphasis on associates that can bring technical skills.""

Ahead of Obama's annual address, the business community is expecting the president to press for passage of the Trans-Pacific trade treaty, though a debate rages within the Democratic Party over whether that would create more middle class jobs than would be lost to increased imports.

Others say he may seek more overtime pay for mid-level salaried workers, propose a higher federal minimum wage, or renew calls for major infrastructure spending.

Obama has proposed expanded access to community college education and improved family leave policies, while some of his allies have called for an outright wealth transfer from the top to the middle.

For Obama's legacy none of that may matter.

The forces at work in the American economy appear so entrenched that Obama may be remembered as the president who pulled the nation from its worst downturn since the Great Depression, but failed to arrest deepening economic inequality.

The Federal Reserve, under Obama appointee Janet Yellen, has put money in almost all Americans' pockets with near zero interest rates that have held down mortgage payments, allowed companies to reinvest, and boosted job creation.

But the Fed's Survey of Consumer Finances shows how uneven the distribution of that stimulus has been. Between 2010 and 2013, as recovery took hold and stock markets soared, the average net worth of families in the top 40 percent of income earners grew. For all others average net worth shrank, declining 19 percent for the middle fifth.

Similarly, the average earnings for families in the top 10 percent grew more than 9 percent from 2010 through 2013, while those at other levels stagnated or shrank. For the middle fifth, average earnings fell 4.6 percent.

Over the six years through 2013, the middle fifth's average annual family earnings fell to $47,243 from $53,008 while their average net worth dropped to $170,066 from $236,525.

Obama ""had a good start in ending the recession and a good start to recovery and then we were knocked off that trajectory,"" said Josh Bivens, an economist with the Economic Policy Institute, a left-leaning think tank that advocates higher minimum wages and other policies to boost incomes.

Bivens blamed the end of stimulus programs and a standoff in Congress over the federal debt ceiling that curbed government spending for the loss of initial momentum.

To a degree the administration has also been a captive of broad technological and global trends. Automation and the offshoring of manufacturing and service jobs continue to transform industries and communities such as Dalton.

Obama's changing rhetoric over time appears, increasingly, to acknowledge the magnitude of the challenge.

In 2011, he called the erosion of middle class jobs a ""Sputnik moment"" that should energize the country to out-produce and out-innovate the rest of the world. By last year, the tone was more tempered: ""The cold, hard fact is that even in the midst of recovery, too many Americans are working more than ever just to get by - let alone get ahead. And too many still aren't working at all,"" Obama said in last year's State of the Union address ""Our job is to reverse these trends. It won't happen right away.""",1
4598,The 2016 election in 5 easy charts,"The race for president, the battle for control of Congress, and hundreds of state and local races are all being decided Tuesday.

Here’s a guide to help you sort through what’s at stake and who might have the edge.",1
76,America's racial generation gap takes an ugly political turn,"America's ongoing diversity explosion should be greeted with optimism because of the opportunities it presents for revitalizing our country, energizing our labor force and providing greater connectivity to the global economy. But there is a hidden danger lurking in the form of an emerging generation gap with strong racial overtones that, left unchecked, could become a significant obstacle to progress.

This gap has been greatly inflamed by the rhetoric of the presidential primaries. Its potential harm was illustrated in the canceled Donald Trump event earlier this month in Chicago, which saw young people of mixed races protesting against the views of what one of them called ""white suburbanites"" who embrace, often angrily, a vision of America that would shut them out.

With more than a subtle focus on race, each party's candidates have also been talking to different generations.

Hillary Clinton emphasizes concern for children in Flint, Michigan, ending child poverty and deportation and reforming the criminal justice system. Bernie Sanders reaches out to young people concerned about student debt and jobs. In contrast, Trump continues to talk tough on immigration and keeping out Muslims, on maintaining traditional American values, backing strong policing and protecting the middle class from tax increases.

These stances mirror generationally different attitudes revealed in a 2012 Pew Survey that showed that more than half of white baby boomers and seniors view the rise of newcomers from other countries as a threat to traditional American values and customs, a view that was held by a minority of the millennial generation born in the early 1980s to the early 2000s. Generations are also divided on the role of government, with older people eschewing more services and higher taxes, and younger ones embracing the programs those services support.",1
4041,Video shows moment of 'El Chapo's' escape from prison,"(CNN) First he ducks into the shower of his prison cell, fully clothed. Then he leans down, but it's not clear what the infamous drug lord is doing; the short shower wall blocks him from the surveillance camera.

Seconds later, Joaquin ""El Chapo"" Guzman gets back up, sits down on his cell bed and changes his shoes. He goes back into the shower and bends down again behind the wall -- but never resurfaces.

Guzman, Mexico's most notorious drug kingpin, slipped through a hole under the shower and escaped through a mile-long tunnel to freedom, authorities said.

And the newly released closed-circuit video shows how calmly and easily he did it.

Mexican Interior Minister Miguel Ángel Osorio Chong said Guzman's cell was videotaped 24 hours a day. But the surveillance had two blind spots for privacy -- the toilet and the shower.

Guzman didn't just evade the cameras; he also sidestepped another security measure with alarming ease.

Guzman had a bracelet that monitored his every move, the interior minister said. But he left the bracelet behind before he crawled into the tunnel.

'The hunt is back on'

Investigators on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border are searching for signs of the fugitive drug lord. But it's no easy task, a top Drug Enforcement Administration official said.

""The cartel headed by Chapo is probably the most well-financed, vicious, criminal entity we have ever seen, with unlimited resources both to bribe, corrupt and to transport,"" Deputy DEA Administrator Jack Riley said. ""So our job in this particular case, as much as it was over year ago when we captured him, is to use every legal tool we can, cooperate with our counterparts, and hit the ground. The hunt is back on.""

The United States and Mexico are exchanging intelligence -- including details from informants -- in the manhunt, and the United States is providing technical support, a Mexican official said.

Reports claiming authorities from the two countries aren't working together simply aren't true, Riley said.

""Chapo is hoping and planning on the fact that the good guys, the cops on both sides of the border, don't talk to each other, don't connect the dots,"" Riley said. ""And I'm here to tell you we're doing that better now than we have ever done it. And if I was him, I'd be looking over my shoulder.""

It's likely prison workers helped Guzman break out, the interior minister told reporters. Osorio Chong said he has already fired the prison director and other prison officials.

They released what they said was a recent picture of Guzman, showing him with a shaved head and face -- but without his trademark mustache.

How he did it

The tunnel began with a 50-by-50-centimeter (20-by-20-inch) opening inside the shower of Guzman's cell, Rubido said. The tunnel stretched for about a mile and ended inside a half-built house.

It's likely the Sinaloa cartel had spent years infiltrating the country's prison system, a Mexican official told CNN. Whoever helped in the plot likely had the architectural plans for the prison that pointed them toward the shower area, the official said.

And this wasn't the first time.

Nicknamed ""Shorty"" for his height, Guzman already had pulled off one elaborate escape from a maximum-security prison. In 2001, he managed to break free while reportedly hiding in a laundry cart. It took authorities 13 years to catch him -- closing in as he was sleeping at a Mexican beach resort.

The Sinaloa cartel moves drugs by land, air and sea, including cargo aircraft, private aircraft, buses, fishing vessels and even submarines, the U.S. Justice Department has said.

Guzman has been a nightmare for both sides of the border. He reigns over a multibillion-dollar global drug empire that supplied much of the marijuana, cocaine and heroin sold on the streets of the United States.

Chicago has labeled him the city's ""Public Enemy No. 1.""

And Riley, who spent years fighting Guzman's cartel there, said he's personally angered over the escape.

""I spent nearly five years fighting what he was doing to the city, what he was doing to the communities by bringing heroin in and working a business relationship with street gangs,"" he said. ""For me, personally, it was a milestone to see him in jail. And when I got the call at 2:30 in the morning last Saturday, I about passed out.""

But no matter what it takes, he said, investigators will find a way to capture him.

""I am sure his security is probably second to none in the country. But that's not going to deter us. It didn't deter us the first time,"" Riley said. ""This guy is going to be back in jail.""",1
4094,Charles Koch Pines For More Influence In Republican Presidential Primary,"WASHINGTON -- Despite leading a massive independent political operation and pumping untold millions into U.S. elections, billionaire Charles Koch is irritated at his extreme lack of influence in the Republican Party presidential primary.

In a candid interview over a lunch of tilapia and pulled pork sandwiches with the Financial Times, Koch said he has presented the 12 remaining Republican candidates with a list of issues that he and his brother, David, care about -- to no avail. “[I]t doesn’t seem to faze them much,” he said. “You’d think we could have more influence.”

Koch and his political operation announced they would spend approximately $889 million over the course of the two-year 2016 election cycle. This spending would not just cover electoral, lobbying and other political expenses, but also Koch’s gifts to universities so they'll teach curriculum adhering to his libertarian economic philosophy and to like-minded nonprofit think tanks influencing and expanding policy debates.

Despite all this promised spending, both Charles and David Koch have declined to endorse a candidate in the primary -- which may be why they lack influence. Their refusal to endorse stems from a desire to save resources for the general election and avoid adding fuel to an internecine conflict within the party they most closely identify with. But, as Koch reveals in his comments to the Financial Times, he veers far from Republican orthodoxy on some basic policy questions -- notably, foreign policy.

In his own statements, Koch has always adhered to a common libertarian position of non-intervention. He criticized the 2003 invasion and occupation of Iraq under President George W. Bush, which was backed by congressional majorities in both parties at the time. And now, he is criticizing Republicans for their belligerence towards Muslims and a certain GOP candidate's short-sightedness for proposing to carpet-bomb land held by terrorist groups.

“We have been doing this for a dozen years,” he said. “We invaded Afghanistan. We invaded Iraq. Has that made us safer? Has that made the world safer? It seems like we’re more worried about it now than we were then, so we need to examine these strategies.”",1
5204,The Daily 202: How Democrats are dominating early voting in Nevada,"LAS VEGAS — Katy Perry’s glamour, Tom Steyer’s money, Univision’s megaphone and organized labor’s muscle, along with a late assist from Barack Obama, each helped lubricate Harry Reid’s well-oiled political machine over the past 48 hours.

The media tends to focus on the lack of enthusiasm for Hillary Clinton relative to President Obama, which is real, but a few thousand more ballots were cast in Nevada on Saturday — during the first day of early voting — than during the kickoff day four years ago, when there was a similar flurry of activity to propel Democrats to the polls. And that was before Air Force One touched down yesterday afternoon.

It is a testament to the power of the organization that Reid, the retiring Senate minority leader, has built over three decades and that he is now using to get Clinton and his hand-picked successor, Catherine Cortez Masto, across the finish line.

As much as 60 percent of the vote will be cast before Nov. 8 in the Silver State. Democrats for several cycles have dominated early voting, running up the score so that Republicans struggle to overcome it on Election Day.

Since handily winning the Republican caucuses here in February, Donald Trump has been stronger in Nevada than in most other battlegrounds. The race remains tight here, a function of the relatively high percentage of low-income whites without college degrees.

“Let's face it, Nevada is always close,” Obama, who carried the state twice, said during a rally at a high school in North Las Vegas. “Nevada always makes you a little nervous because you don't know what's going to happen. But that's what makes it exciting.”

The bulk of Nevada’s Democratic voters are concentrated in Clark County, which includes Vegas. During a two-week window, the race is on to lock in Clinton’s narrow advantage in the polls by getting as many of her supporters as possible to one of 97 early voting sites. The Reid machine, fully activated, is a sight to behold.

-- Unions play a huge role. Reid kicked off his Saturday with a 9 a.m. speech at the Iron Workers Union in the suburb of Henderson. Cortez Masto joined him. Then she went to the Carpenters Union training center at 10:15 a.m. and the Service Employees International Union's office on Sunset Boulevard a little after noon. A taco truck parked out front served dual purposes: the promise of free lunch built a crowd while trolling the Trump surrogate who warned during a recent cable interview that a Clinton victory would mean a taco truck on every corner. A shuttle bus ferried people to the nearest polling location.

-- A few hours later, pop star Katy Perry drew a diverse, young crowd of 500 to the courtyard in front of the student union at the University of Nevada at Las Vegas. The 31-year-old didn’t sing, but she did get right to the point. Perry talked about how she likes to procrastinate as much as anyone else, but that’s not okay when it comes to early voting. (“Let’s cut the crap. … We’ve all got excuses. Don’t put it off.”) She then lamented that votes in Nevada matter more than hers does in California. “I’m not just here to see a Cirque show,” she said. “You guys are important!”

Perry wore a blue leather dress, red heels and a white T-shirt that said “Nasty Woman” — which is what Trump called Clinton during their debate right here on the campus of UNLV last Wednesday night. As she spoke about how she’s been campaigning for the Democratic nominee since “the cornfields of Iowa,” a guy in the audience yelled that Clinton should appoint her to be an ambassador. “Not yet,” she replied. “I’ve got to put out a record — or four!”

Then Perry introduced Cortez Masto. “It’s important to not just vote for president,” the singer concluded. “We’ve got a crew. We’ve got a clique. We all run together. We need to vote for the right senators, too”

She announced at the end of her speech that she would take sophomore Kendra Patterson, president of the campus Black Student Organization, to vote for the first time. Perry and her entourage piled into three black Escalades and headed for the nearest polling place.

NextGen, the climate-change-focused super PAC bankrolled by liberal billionaire Tom Steyer, had a dozen volunteers working the Perry rally in orange T-shirts. They handed out water bottles and had a coach bus in front of the student union to shuttle anyone who wanted a ride to go vote.

-- Early voting also gives Democrats more opportunities to turn out Latinos who have never voted before. Mi Familia Vota and Voto Latino co-hosted a four-hour block party Saturday afternoon in the parking lot of a mall that has an early voting site. There was live Spanish music and all-you-can-eat plates of free tacos from a popular local eatery. There were two bouncy houses, face painting and popcorn for the kids. Steyer’s group helped pay for the event, and Univision Radio — a co-sponsor — promoted it on the air. Staffers directed attendees to go inside the mall to vote. At around 6 p.m. Saturday, there were about 100 people in line for tacos and another 50 voting inside. They waited in a line between a candy store and a cosmetics shop.

-- The Clinton team is investing heavily in door-to-door canvassing to run up her early vote numbers. Pilar Grullon, a field organizer for the Nevada Democratic Party, led a training session for 40 volunteers before Perry arrived at UNLV. The native of the Dominican Republic said her mom worked two jobs to make ends meet but that her family still relied on public assistance — including food stamps and Medicaid — to get by. She recently became the first in her family to graduate from college. “All of those services that my family depended on are at risk in this election,” she said.

Grullon spent 15 minutes giving volunteers tips on how to give “a little extra push” to registered Democrats who might be reluctant to vote early. Everyone got “commit cards” to get people to write down exactly when and where they will vote. And they got leaflets with the number for a hotline that Clinton supporters can call to get a free ride to the polls. “You walk through, and you make a plan with the voter at every door,” Grullon said.

She encouraged volunteers to be forceful: “If a mom tells you her daughter is voting for Hillary, don’t take her word for it.… Note that, and someone else will come back to find her.… Be scrappy. If there’s a gate, wait for someone to come to the gate.… If they speak Spanish and you can’t, mark it down and someone else will go.… Don’t engage anyone who wants to talk smack about our candidates. It is a waste of your time.” For good measure, she even told everyone to smile.

-- Part of the Democratic strategy is to unashamedly pester people until they vote. The campaigns find out who voted at the end of each day. So they can stop targeting potential supporters once they have cast a ballot. During the training session, Grullon urged her door knockers to tell people that they won’t get bothered once they’ve voted. “If you don’t want somebody to knock on your door or call you anymore, go vote,” she said. “And it will stop. Seriously.”

This turns out to be a powerful incentive in a state where almost every commercial is about the election. Beatriz Martinez, 27, voted Saturday inside a temporary trailer that has been set up in a Target parking lot in Las Vegas. Asked why she went on the first day, she said: “We got tons of texts saying early voting started this morning — from the Clinton campaign people, from the climate change people, from the party people.” She and her boyfriend, a law student, supported Bernie Sanders in the caucuses but rallied behind Clinton after she wrapped up the nomination.

Martinez also brought her dad with her to vote. The 58-year-old was born in Mexico and speaks Spanish. He became a U.S. citizen more than a decade ago but had never voted before Saturday. The chance to vote against Trump changed that. He was very excited.

At the end of Saturday, Democratic staffers celebrated news that 39,148 people had voted in Clark County — compared to 33,187 in 2012. Of those, 55 percent were registered Democrats and 27 percent were registered Republicans.

-- Hitting the churches. The work continued early Sunday. Ruben Kihuen, a state senator challenging Republican Rep. Cresent Hardy, arrived at a Baptist church just before 8 a.m. to warn that all the progress of the Obama years could unravel if Democrats do not win. “I was trying to convey the sense of urgency of getting to the polls,” he said in an interview after the service, as he headed to a second church to deliver the same closing argument. “This election could be won during early voting if you run a strong campaign.”

-- Five hours later, Obama arrived in Kihuen’s congressional district for a rally aimed primarily at turning out African Americans. The president took the stage at Cheyenne High School after Boyz II Men performed “The End of the Road.” Speaking in front of a giant sign that said “VOTE EARLY,” Obama told an audience of 5,100: “You've got the winning hand. You've got blackjack. But you’ve got to make sure to turn over the card by voting. … This game does not start on November 8th. The game ends on November 8th.”

Bringing back a fictional character whom he invoked often in campaigns past, Obama added with a hint of nostalgia: “I need you to call up cousin Pooky and say, 'Pooky, it’s time to vote!’ I need you to go call Jesse and say, ‘Jesse, come on. Don't be sitting on the couch. It's time to vote.’ Everybody has got to vote early. That's how we won in ’08. That's how we won in 2012. That's how we're going to win in 2016!”

-- The Republican effort to push early voting pales in comparison, and it certainly lacks the star power. The RNC-led victory program has 66 staffers spread across eight offices in Nevada, more than in 2012. The state Democratic Party declined to provide a staff count but said it has 17 field offices. But even GOP operatives marvel at the Reid machine. They are trying to play catch up, but they acknowledge that their only hope to carry Nevada is to win big among those who vote on Election Day. Starting this weekend, the GOP’s field staff pivoted to knocking on the doors of registered Republicans who are probably with Trump but do not routinely vote.

Rep. Mark Amodei, chairman of Trump’s campaign in Nevada, hosted a modest early vote kickoff event at the RNC’s Reno office on Saturday morning. Republican Senate candidate Joe Heck, meanwhile, campaigned with Ted Cruz in Reno and Elko, less populated but redder areas of the state. Heck, a congressman from Vegas, alienated many Trump supporters by rescinding his support. So he campaigned with the Texas senator in an effort to shore up his conservative base.

-- Many Republicans familiar with Nevada worry about this nightmare scenario: If Trump loses decisively along the Eastern seaboard — New Hampshire, Virginia, North Carolina and/or Florida — the networks could declare that Clinton is the president-elect before polls even close in Nevada. Many core GOP voters typically cast their ballots while commuting home from work. What if a couple percent of them decide that the election is over and it’s not worth waiting in line? Because Republicans are so reliant on these voters, and Democrats will have so many votes locked in from early voting, it could lead to a down-ticket bloodbath. At the very least, it could tip a close Senate race to Cortez Masto.

-- Happening today at 10 a.m. Eastern — The 202 goes live with Gary Johnson: I just landed after taking the redeye back from Vegas so I can interview the Libertarian presidential nominee. Join us in-person at The Washington Post Live Center or watch a livestream of our hour-long conversation here.

WHILE YOU WERE SLEEPING:

-- Fighting resumed in eastern Aleppo, appearing to shatter Moscow’s “humanitarian pause” in air raids that allowed rebels and civilians to temporarily flee the Syrian city. (Hugh Naylor)

-- Scoop: “Plans to send heavier weapons to CIA-backed rebels in Syria stall amid White House skepticism,” by Greg Miller and Adam Entous: “As rebel-held sections of Aleppo crumbled under Russian bombing this month, the Obama administration was secretly weighing plans to rush more firepower to CIA-backed units in Syria. The proposal, which involved weapons that might help those forces defend themselves against Russian aircraft and artillery, made its way onto the agenda of a recent meeting President Obama held with his national security team. And that’s as far as it got. Neither approved nor rejected, the plan was left in a state of ambiguity that U.S. officials said reflects growing administration skepticism about escalating a covert CIA program that has trained and armed thousands of Syrian fighters. … The operation has served as the centerpiece of the U.S. strategy to press [Assad] to step aside. But U.S. officials said there are growing doubts that even an expanded version could achieve that outcome because of Moscow’s intervention. Obama, officials said, now seems inclined to leave the fate of the CIA program up to the next occupant of the White House.”

-- Bill Murray received the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor at the Kennedy Center, playfully accepting the nation’s top honor for comedy after a two-hour salute. From Peggy McGlone: “My theme tonight is what is it like to be beloved,” a straight-faced Murray told the crowd as he accepted his award. “It’s hard to listen to all those people be nice to you. You just get so suspicious.” (Murray actively avoided receiving the award for weeks before the event, telling The Post’s Geoff Edgers, “I really thought if I don’t answer the phone for awhile, maybe they’ll just move on to someone else.”) The program will be broadcast Friday at 9 p.m. on PBS.

-- AT&T announced a planned $85.4 billion acquisition of Time Warner on Saturday, a blockbuster merger that would radically reshape the media landscape. (Brian Fung)

-- Today’s A1, “How mega-donors helped raise $1 billion for Hillary Clinton,” by Matea Gold and Anu Narayanswamy: “Determined not to fall behind in the money race, [she has] ramped up her appeals to rich donors and shrugged off restrictions that President Obama had imposed on his fundraising team. Even as her advisers fretted about the perception that she was too cozy with wealthy interests, they agreed to let lobbyists bundle checks for her campaign, including those representing some foreign governments ... Top aides wooed major donors for super PACs, taking advantage of the leeway that campaigns have to legally collaborate with the groups on fundraising. An analysis by [The Post] found that more than a fifth of the $1 billion donated to help her bid was given by just 100 wealthy individuals and labor unions — many with a long history of contributing to the Clintons.""

-- Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe’s super PAC donated nearly $500,000 to the campaign of Jill McCabe, the wife of an FBI official who later helped oversee Clinton’s email investigation. From the Wall Street Journal’s Devlin Barrett: “Campaign finance records show Mr. McAuliffe’s political-action committee donated $467,500 to the 2015 state Senate campaign of Dr. Jill McCabe, who is married to Andrew McCabe, now the deputy director of the FBI.” McCabe was the third-largest recipient of funds from the governor’s super PAC. The governor’s office strongly denied any potential connection, saying McAuliffe “supported Jill McCabe because he believed she would be a good state senator”: “This is a customary practice for Virginia governors,” a spokesman said in a statement. “Any insinuation that his support was tied to anything other than his desire to elect candidates who would help pass his agenda is ridiculous.”

-- An increasingly confident Clinton touted herself as “listmaker in chief” at a North Carolina rally on Sunday, dismissing Trump with a few jokes as she focused primarily on her to-do list as president. From Anne Gearan: “We’ve got challenges, don’t get me wrong,” Clinton said at an outdoor rally on a sparkling fall afternoon. “I’ve laid out a whole agenda about dealing with those challenges,” she said, adding that she is sometimes criticized for the detail of those proposals. She spent relatively little time marking out the ways she claims Trump is unfit to be president, or even comparing herself with him, and she delved happily into discussions of technical education, student debt, infrastructure spending and economic growth.”

-- HRC will rally in the Tar Heel State alongside Michelle Obama on Thursday, their first side-by-side appearance this year.

-- The WikiLeaks emails show how many cooks are in Hillary’s kitchen. The Boston Globe’s Annie Linskey notes that there were at least 37 messages exchanged about just one tweet on the minimum wage. And the team considered 84 possible slogans before settling on “Stronger Together.” Also, seemingly everyone in Clinton’s orbit offers suggestions for how the candidate could connect better with average voters. Former Michigan governor Jennifer Granholm, for example, wanted Clinton to try working in some low-wage service jobs to combat the perception that she is “out of touch.” Among her suggestions: Clinton could make hotel beds, clear tables at a Denny’s, mop floors in a school, or work in a day-care center or a nursing home for a day.

-- The New Yorker endorsed Clinton, praising the Democratic nominee as a “distinctly capable candidate"": “The election of Hillary Clinton is an event that we would welcome for its historical importance, and greet with indescribable relief.""

-- Trump held a rare Sunday rally in Naples, Fla., halting from his teleprompter speech to suddenly ask the crowd if he was “right to run for president.” From Jenna Johnson: “When I’m president, if companies want to fire their workers and leave — Are you okay? Listen. When I’m president, this is to me, like, this is why I started. Are we glad that I started? Are we happy?” Trump said, as the crowd encouragingly cheered him on. “Well, I’ll let you know on the evening of Nov. 8 whether I’m glad.”

-- The Trump brand continues to take a huge hit because of the campaign, so the Trump Organization has decided to launch a new brand of hotels that will NOT carry his name. From Bloomberg’s Hui-Yong Yu  James Nash: “Scion, a line of hotels that will target younger clients, was unveiled last month in a press release that quoted three different Trump Organization executives, but not the candidate. The new brand is planned for use at city and resort locations … intended to appeal ‘to a new and different type of guest in more locations around the globe.’ He’s now a polarizing figure. When he was putting his hotels together, he wasn’t,’ said [consultant Bruce Himelstein]. ‘There’s definitely an impact.’”

-- Trump received his first major newspaper endorsement from the Las Vegas Review-Journal, a paper owned by casino billionaire and Trump donor Sheldon Adelson. In a statement, the paper’s editorial board acknowledged Trump “has his flaws” but will “bring needed disruption and change to Washington.”

-- Facebook co-founder Dustin Moskovitz has now given $35 million to anti-Trump efforts. “If the first $20 million yielded cheers, the second $15 million generated stunned silence,” Gabriel Debenedetti reports in Politico. “The deeply private 32-year-old — who is worth $12.7 billion … is a long-time philanthropist but political newcomer. He hasn’t started to build contacts with local operatives. And he hasn’t said a word publicly about his political involvement.”

-- Former ""Apprentice"" staffers said Trump forced them to come to work in the days immediately following Superstorm Sandy, even though a state of emergency was in effect following the deadly storm. From the Daily Beast’s Gideon Resnick and Asawin Suebsaeng: “We all had to come in right after Sandy,” a former staffer recounted. “We were in his building, and we fought with [a] manager, who said, ‘It’s not from me, it’s from [Donald Trump] himself’.… “We had to work straight through it,” another staffer said. “The city was shut down, no traffic lights, etc. I would bike from [Brooklyn] to [Trump] Tower,” he said of his first days back at work. (Meanwhile, Trump was publicly taking credit for giving storm refugees shelter in Trump Tower — something that he was required to do by law.)

-- Breitbart News is planning to announce the hiring of former Red Sox pitcher and Trump supporter Curt Schilling to host a political talk show, six months after he was fired from ESPN for sharing an anti-transgender Facebook post. The news also comes as Schilling weighs whether to challenge Elizabeth Warren for her Senate seat in 2018. (New York Magazine)

-- Trump traveled to Gettysburg Saturday to deliver what was billed as a “closing argument” for his campaign and outline plans for the first 100 days of a Trump administration — but he spent most of the speech airing a litany of grievances instead. From Jenna Johnson and Jose DelReal: Trump vowed to sue the women who have accused him of sexual assault — branding them all “liars” — and blasted the media for attempting to “poison” the minds of American voters. After more than 13 minutes on the subject, Trump read several numbered lists of things that he would do on his first day in office or during his first 100 days. (“Nearly all were things that he has repeatedly promised to do, but this was the first time he listed them in a speech,” Johnson and DelReal note.)

Tim Kaine slammed Trump’s speech as evidence of the “self-interested campaign” he has run: ""At the end of the campaign, all along, he's been running a self-interested, me-first campaign, not an America-first campaign,” Kaine told reporters in Pittsburgh. “And here he is saying that in the first 100 days I'm not changing, I may be POTUS, but I'm really going to focus on settling scores, and, oh, by the way, now that I'm president, I could really settle some scores."" (Abby Phillip)

-- Trump said in a 2012 interview that he does NOT believe in deporting undocumented immigrants. Asked on CNBC’s “Squawk Box” about his views on immigrant labor, Trump said he was “probably down the middle”: “I understand how, as an example, you have people in this country for 20 years, they've done a great job, they've done wonderfully, they've gone to school, they've gotten good marks, they're productive — now we're supposed to send them out of the country, I don't believe in that,” he said. (Clip uncovered by CNNs’ Andrew Kaczynski)

-- Kellyanne Conway conceded that Trump’s campaign “is behind” on “Meet the Press,” but she pointed to enthusiasm at her client's campaign events as evidence that he can still win. ""Let me tell you something: You go out on the road with Donald Trump, this election doesn't feel over,"" Conway added on CNN's ""State of the Union."" Later, Conway distanced herself from Trump's lengthy tirade against women who accused him of sexual misconduct, telling host Jake Tapper, “Well, he delivers his own speeches. This is his candidacy. He’s the guy who’s running for the White House.”

She outlined a potential path for the Republican nominee on “Fox News Sunday, saying they are focused on winning the states of Florida, Ohio, Iowa, North Carolina and, possibly, Nevada, while protecting the traditionally-red states of Arizona and Georgia. (Jenna Johnson)

-- RNC Chairman Reince Priebus sought to minimize Trump’s claims of a “rigged” election, telling John Dickerson that he merely ""wants to reserve all options."" ""He's saying he wants to reserve all options, and 'if there is grounds for a recount, I will exercise my options,'"" Priebus said on CBS. ""He is not willing to not concede if he loses and there's no fraud.""

-- Eric Trump said his father would accept election results if they are ""fair”: ""I think what my father is saying is 'I want a fair election,'"" the younger Trump said on ABC's ""This Week,"" rattling off statistics that reportedly show ""2 million people on the voter rolls right now who are dead” and ""14 percent of all noncitizens in this country are registered to vote.” ""If it's a fair outcome he will absolutely accept it, there's no question about it."" (Amy B Wang)

-- Tim Kaine suggested Clinton would be open to exploring new Asian trade deals as president, despite her opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership. “You never close the door if you can get a deal that's going to be good for American workers and our economy,"" the Virginia senator told Chuck Todd. ""We aren't against trade.""

-- “As Clinton builds a lead, write-in campaigns flower and falter,” by David Weigel: “According to the [FEC], just 136,040 write-in votes were cast and tabulated in the 2012 election. But this year, that number could be much higher, with multiple campaigns underway to normalize the act of writing in a name. Evan McMullin, the independent conservative candidate who entered the race too late to appear on many ballots, will be an ‘official write-in candidate’ in most of the country. Several fringe candidates have earned similar status, and some of Sanders’s die-hard fans are spreading the word that many states will also count any ballot with his name scrawled across it. … Although Clinton’s favorability rating has ticked up in recent weeks, many voters are already casting ballots in an environment where both major presidential candidates are unpopular. One problem: Write-in votes are not treated the same as filled-in ballots. In many states, the votes are not counted or reported at all. In others, a misspelling or an alternate name — say, ‘Evan McMullen,’ or ‘Bernie’ instead of ‘Bernard Sanders’ — would not be tallied.”

-- Obama will today endorse 30 more House candidates, is addition to some 150 state legislative candidates across 20 states later in the week. From Politico’s Edward-Isaac Dovere: “The endorsements—which will come along with a variety of robocalls, social media, mailers, photos of Obama with the candidates taken … and even a few radio ads—are Obama’s biggest investment in state races ever by far, and come as he gears up to make redistricting reform at the state level the political priority of his post-presidency.”

-- From VIRGINIA, “They crossed the border illegally, and can’t vote. But they can knock on doors,” by WaPo's Antonio Olivo: “Unable to vote in the presidential election, a group of undocumented immigrants is knocking on doors in Northern Virginia in support of [Clinton] and other Democratic candidates, convinced that the outcome of the vote will determine whether they can secure a path to citizenship in the country they have known since childhood. The vote-seekers are some of the 750,000 recipients of temporary legal status under the Obama administration’s 2012 Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. Four years after the DACA program was launched, many of the beneficiaries are still in a kind of limbo, unsure about whether their status would be renewed under a President Trump and concerned that their family members could be deported.”

-- From NORTH CAROLINA, “Trump message clashes with GOP's most-endangered governor,” by Politico's Elena Schneider: “North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory is desperate to talk about his economic achievements after a year mired in contentious debate over social issues, including the state’s transgender ‘bathroom law.’ The only problem? [Trump] keeps coming to town and telling voters how terrible the economy is. It’s the most glaring example this year of the disconnect between Trump’s apocalyptic rhetoric and the message of achievement that many Republican incumbents are trying to use to win reelection. It has been known to happen before — there was reportedly friction between affable Mitt Romney’s campaign and some recovery-touting GOP governors in 2012. But the gap between McCrory’s ‘Carolina Comeback’ theme and Trump’s doom-and-gloom assessments yawns particularly wide, as McCrory faces the toughest reelection challenge of any governor in the country in 2016.""

-- From PENNSYLVANIA, “GOP frets over Trump’s down-ballot impact,” by the Boston Globe's Tracy Jan: “Here in the Pennsylvania suburbs, a political shift is underway: Republican leaders worried about [Trump’s] presence atop the ticket are focusing as much of their attention on state races as they are on their presidential nominee’s fate in a crucial swing-state battleground. With Trump trailing in the polls, the question of the hour is what effect his lack of support might have on other GOP candidates on the ballot.” Polls show Sen. Pat Toomey clinging to a narrow lead over Katie McGinty … [But] Trump has fallen more than six points behind Clinton in Pennsylvania — and is 28 points behind in the Philadelphia suburbs … creating a whirlpool that could swallow the Republican senator.”

-- Trump is making a final push in FLORIDA, hunkering down in the Sunshine State as the race enters its final stretch. From the Wall Street Journal’s Beth Reinhard and Janet Hook: “He is slated to headline five rallies over three days in the nation’s largest battleground, where more than a million voters have already mailed in ballots. [But] in one potentially ominous sign for Mr. Trump, Democrats are holding their own against Republicans in mail-in ballots in Florida, a mode of voting that the GOP traditionally dominates … The more traction Democrats gain in early voting, the harder it will be for Mr. Trump to catch up, even if polls narrow near Election Day.” Trump will continue a push in northern and central parts of Florida for the next two days, while the Clinton campaign seeks to drive up turnout in the more liberal southern region.

-- Also in the Sunshine State, former Colombian President Alvaro Uribe campaigned with Marco Rubio yesterday. He joined the senator at a Miami restaurant as he seeks to shore up support among expat Colombian voters. (Miami Herald)

-- Several outside Republican groups are now explicitly breaking with Trump, urging voters to elect a divided government rather than giving Clinton a blank check. From the New York Times’ Alexander Burns and Amy Chozick: The Congressional Leadership Fund is slated to begin running ads that attack Democratic candidates as “rubber stamps” for Clinton. Meanwhile, the Chamber of Commerce and the Senate Leadership Fund have launched a wave of Senate commercials asking voters to limit Clinton’s power by supporting down-ballot Republicans instead.

Here's an example from Missouri:

-- An ABC News tracking poll finds Clinton up 12 nationally among likely voters (50-38). Clinton holds a 20-point advantage among women and has a three-point edge with men. Trump’s rhetoric has caused problems: 69 percent said they disapprove of Trump’s response to questions about his treatment of women, while 59 percent reject his suggestion that the election is “rigged” in Clinton’s favor. And he could face turnout problems: ABC's survey found a seven-point drop among Republicans who plan to vote on Election Day.

-- A CBS News/YouGov poll conducted in Texas after the third debate showed Clinton within striking distance, trailing him by just 3 points in the state. The majority of his Texas backers are over age 45, the survey found. Meanwhile, he’s down by at least eight points among voters under 45. The CBS poll found Clinton up just 3 points in Florida (46-43), however.

-- “Iceland, a land of Vikings, braces for a Pirate Party takeover,” by Griff Witte: “The party that could be on the cusp of winning Iceland’s national elections on Saturday didn’t exist four years ago. Its members are a collection of anarchists, hackers, libertarians and Web geeks. It sets policy through online polls — and thinks the government should do the same. It wants to make Iceland ‘a Switzerland of bits,’ free of digital snooping. It has offered Edward Snowden a new place to call home. And then there’s the name: In this land of Vikings, the Pirate Party may soon be king. The rise of the Pirates — from radical fringe to focal point of Icelandic politics — has astonished even the party’s founder, a poet, Web programmer and former WikiLeaks activist. But this, after all, is 2016. [The win] would offer a vivid illustration of how far Europeans are willing to go in their rejection of the political mainstream, adding to a string of insurgent triumphs emanating from both the far left and far right.""

Let's start with this face from Hillary Clinton as she watches the Cubs win:

Clinton, an Illinois native, grew up as a Cubs fan. Here are photos of her with legendary Cubs announcer Harry Caray:

Bill Murray, also a Cubs fan, was in D.C. to collect the Mark Twain prize at the Kennedy Center. Here he is crashing the White House press briefing room to talk about his team:

Here's a quick look at the state of the race:

Katy Perry was out on the campaign trail for Clinton:

A top lawyer at the powerhouse firm Gibson Dunn reiterated his offer to represent pro bono anyone who Trump sues for accusing him of sexual misconduct:

The Los Angeles Times wrote about the time Trump threatened to sue the paper in 2008 for an accurate story about Trump University:

Meanwhile, Trump is once again criticizing the U.S. military:

The old, very awkward Trump-Pence logo was back:

Breitbart is no fan of Paul Ryan's:

And the Drudge Report continues to get nastier and nastier toward HRC:

Meanwhile, a supporter told Mike Pence to tell Trump he's ""tired of the crap"":

Like this, from GOP operative Doug Heye:

Let's recap what it's like to be a reporter at a Trump rally:

Plus, a note from Jake Tapper on that word ""lugenpresse"":

John Kerry, Ban Ki-moon and other leaders attended a screening of Leonardo DiCaprio's climate change documentary, ""Before the Flood"":

Shelley Moore Capito and Cheri Bustos are enjoying the first taste of fall:

And finally, Jason Chaffetz is courting the Instagram likes with this photo:

On the campaign trail: Clinton stumps with Elizabeth Warren in Manchester, N.H., while Kaine campaigns in Miami and Palm Beach, Fla. Biden stumps for Clinton in Dayton and Toledo, Ohio. Trump is in St. Augustine and Tampa, Fla.; Pence stops in Salisburg and Greensboro, N.C.

At the White House: Obama is in California for fundraisers. He appears on ABC's ""Jimmy Kimmel Live"" tonight.

On Capitol Hill: The Senate and House are out.

NEWS YOU CAN USE IF YOU LIVE IN D.C.:

-- Partially sunny and breezy, today should be a quintessentially perfect fall day. The Capital Weather Gang forecasts: “A cold front sneaks through the region early on. It kicks up the wind a bit but has little effect on temperature. With lots of sunshine, highs still aim for the upper 60s.”

-- The Redskins lost to the Detroit Lions 17-20.

-- A D.C. police officer was arrested and charged with driving under the influence while on duty. Authorities said they were alerted to Arthur Thompson’s impairment by a supervisor investigating a citizen complaint early Sunday. (Spencer S. Hsu)

-- “No worries for incumbent Rep. Don Beyer in Va. as Election Day approaches,” by Patricia Sullivan: “Rep. Don Beyer (D-Va.) has some quirky ideas about what legislation he would pursue if he wins a second term in Congress next month. He wants to push for a billion-dollar economic development project in hard-hit coal communities far from his suburban Northern Virginia district. He longs to revise the federal budget process … And he’d like to see larger, multi-member congressional districts, as was allowed before 1842. ‘I don’t want to be naive and I don’t want to be Don Quixote,’ said the affable auto dealer … ‘But I want to talk to 200 people about this in the next two years.’ When you are the incumbent Democrat in one of the country’s deepest blue districts, you can afford to dream. A bilingual millennial who describes himself as leaning libertarian on many social issues, Hernick, 35, has tried to appeal to young voters who want Congress to address the national debt, end political gridlock and speed the pace of change.”

Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) provided The Post with a list of his 10 favorite political sketches on ""Saturday Night Live."" Among them are Jon Lovitz as Michael Dukakis in 1988, saying ""I can't believe I'm losing to this guy.""

Here's the SNL take from this weekend on the final presidential debate:

For his opening monologue as SNL host, Tom Hanks spoke to America like a dad:

In this sketch, Hanks plays Doug, a white contestant (and Trump supporter) on Black Jeopardy:

PBS debuted its behind-the-scenes Hamilton documentary, ""Hamilton's America,"" with cameos from Obama, George W. Bush, Paul Ryan, Elizabeth Warren and others. Here's the extended trailer:

As a bonus, here are two 2016-themed Hamilton parodies from YouTube (the song is ""The Election of 1800""):

Mark Cuban has a new business idea, per this Funny or Die video -- putting people into voluntary comas for the duration of a Trump presidency:

Wyclef Jean dressed up as Sanders, Clinton and Trump for the video version of his updated track, ""If I Was President"":

Terry Tate is back as the office linebacker -- only this time, he's taking down Trump:

The Human Rights Campaign released this digital ad in Florida featuring a survivor of the Pulse nightclub shooting:

Last but definitely not least, in this political ad, the wife of a candidate defending his seat on the Travis County Commissioners Court implores voters to reelect him so that he'll get out of the house:",1
5024,"Donald Trump, a fallen soldier, and the myth of game-changing moments","Donald Trump's criticism of a Muslim-American family that lost a son in Iraq has been called a potentially pivotal moment in the election. But for a host of reasons, such events are 'very, very rare.'

Khizr Khan, father of fallen US Army Capt. Humayun Khan, speaks while his wife Ghazala Khan looks on during the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia on Thursday 

In Election 2016, it could be called “the question.”

It has been repeated from the moment Donald Trump entered the race, calling Mexican immigrants criminals and rapists. And it has been raised again this weekend, after Mr. Trump criticized the parents of a fallen Muslim-American soldier.

Has Trump gone too far and materially damaged his chances for the presidency?

The reality is, voters don’t usually make up their minds that way, political scientists say. Single events rarely decide elections, and the constant attempts to forecast Trump’s demise speak both to the media’s continuing befuddlement over his popularity as well as a penchant toward hyperbole.

The failed Iran hostage rescue mission in 1980 doomed Jimmy Carter’s campaign, perhaps. The stock market collapse in 2008 gave John McCain an almost impossible obstacle as the perceived heir of the Bush legacy.

But Trump’s comments about the family of Capt. Humayun Khan, while perhaps more damaging than other past comments, probably won’t determine the winner in November.

“A real … game-changer is very, very rare,” says Larry Sabato, director of the University of Virginia’s Center for Politics. “But you wouldn’t know that from watching television.”

The events began at the Democratic National Convention, where Khizr Khan, whose son died in Iraq, sharply criticized Trump. Trump responded by implying that the fallen soldier’s mother had been silenced, by equating his sacrifices in building a successful business with the Khans’ loss, and by trying to refocus the conversation on terrorism.

Some pundits have called it a pivotal moment in the campaign.

But at a moment when the American electorate is increasingly polarized, there is a question of whether game-changing moments can even happen this election. Though polls show that Trump and Hillary Clinton are the two most disliked presidential candidates of the past quarter century, that dislike can freeze voters in concrete – they don’t like their candidate, but they’re definitely not going to vote for the other one.

Over the course of the campaign, Trump’s comments have often only hardened each side’s resolve instead of swaying undecided voters.

“Large majorities are in concrete about their party and presidential choice,” says Professor Sabato. “The game is over for the vast majority of voters.”

But others say that polls do show scope for some movement. Between 5 and 25 percent of voters are not choosing either Trump or Mrs. Clinton.

“This means there is still fluidity there,” says Gary Nordlinger, president of a political consulting firm and adjunct professor at George Washington University’s school of political management.

And despite the high unfavorable ratings for each candidate, some voters could still switch allegiances, suggests Tobe Berkovitz, a political media consultant and chair of Boston University’s department of mass communication.

“I don’t think the cake is baked at this point. More important than the ‘undecideds’ are the ‘persuadables,’ ” he says. “They say they are voting for one or the other [now], but they can be pulled away. It’s a real hold-your-nose election. They are voting because this one is worse than that one.”

The Khan episode could have an influence.

“This could have teeth” compared with Trump’s other controversial remarks, says Jennifer Lawless, director of the Women and Politics Institute at American University. “There were multiple facets that people found offensive: the mother remarks, that the speech wasn’t heartfelt, questions as to whether the soldier was a hero. Take your pick. Most people found part of the discussion distasteful.”

The effect will only become apparent after a couple weeks of polling, she says.

One thing is for sure, however. The media are a poor judge of game-changing moments.

The phrase “game changer” was used at least 19,600 times during the 2012 presidential campaign, according to research by Tim Murphy, a reporter with Mother Jones magazine. All three presidential debates were deemed “game-changers,” as were multiple monthly jobs reports and varying endorsements.

“It’s in the media’s interest to make everything seem like a big deal – that’s what the media does and it’s a self-fulfilling prophecy for everyone but the voters,” says Professor Berkovitz at Boston University.

As John Sides and Lynn Vavreck point out in their 2012 book “The Gamble,” game-changers are emphasized by the media – not presidential campaigns.

“The continual search for game-changers treats a campaign like a boxing match, where the momentum may be shifting back and forth with every punch and the knockout blow could come at any moment. In reality, there are few knockout punches, and most game-changers do not really change the game that much.”

Added Mr. Murphy of Mother Jones: “The moral of the story is that we’re still really bad at predicting the future.”",1
4127,Texas troopers to ask drivers their race following investigation,"Texas state troopers have begun asking motorists their race and ethnicity after it was discovered that drivers — mostly Hispanics — were often misidentified during traffic stops because of flaws in an automated system meant to guard against racial profiling.

Department of Public Safety Director Steve McCraw told a state House committee that the change took effect Wednesday in an attempt to gather more accurate data.

""What we can do better, and what we should have been doing better, is collect the data accurately as it relates to Hispanics. Plain and simple ... I would rather a trooper not have to ask,"" McCraw told lawmakers, according to a transcript of the hearing. ""But if the data doesn't work ... there is a problem.''

KXAN-TV in Austin conducted a database review using millions of records going back to 2010 that showed troopers across the state inaccurately reported the race of Hispanic drivers.

The television station's investigation of DPS traffic citation records also found the number of drivers stopped by troopers and recorded as Hispanic has gone up annually since 2010 — from nearly 208,000 to 351,000 last year — while the number of drivers recorded as white declined in the same time period from 1.9 million to about 1.2 million last year, the Associated Press reported.

Among the most common surnames of drivers listed by troopers as white are Garcia, Martinez, Hernandez, Gonzalez and Rodriguez. While a Hispanic name doesn't necessarily mean a person is of Hispanic descent, the review of DPS records showed more than 1.9 million drivers with traditionally Hispanic names were listed as white. Over the same period, approximately 1.6 million were reported as Hispanic.

In an effort to guard against racial profiling, state law requires authorities to document the race of drivers who are arrested, issued warnings or citations. But McCraw testified that coding on drivers licenses only allowed for identification as Hispanic since 2010. Prior to that time, Hispanic motorists were often identified as white.

McCraw told lawmakers that he did not know how much it would cost to fix the automated system, leaving no other remedy but to direct troopers to specifically ask for the information.

""Officers will advise the individual that the officer is required by law to inquire as to the individual’s race or ethnicity,'' a DPS memo outlining the new policy stated. ""The officer will record the race or ethnicity as stated by the motorist. Only in cases where an individual refuses to provide the requested information and the database reflects their race or ethnicity as 'other,' will the officer use best judgment or ability to determine the race or ethnicity of the motorists.''

Despite the current lack of data, McCraw maintained that the agency does not tolerate racial profiling.

""Bottom line, it's against the law,'' he said. ""There is no racial profiling within the DPS.''",1
4832,Is This Trump’s Biggest Financial Con Yet?,"One of the biggest mysteries about the long con of Donald Trump's presidential campaign is how he has convinced millions of middle-class white Americans that he truly gives a shit about them. How can it be, I’ve often wondered, that a billionaire who lives in a pink-marble triplex high above Fifth Avenue, one who flies around in his own aging Boeing 757 and who owns a weekend home in Palm Beach and property in New Jersey horse country, can somehow become the hero of the people left in the wake of the new digital economy? These voters, indeed, have every right to wonder what happened to their American dream. They have every right to be worried about their livelihood and their future. They have every right to be equally terrified and aggrieved about the slow growth of the real economy, and how it has made the life that we have come to expect for generations all but unattainable.

Trump, of course, has never quite evidenced sympathy for the common man. According to a recent bombshell report in The Washington Post, in fact, we now know that Trump’s own foundation reportedly spent $20,000 to purchase a six-foot portrait of Trump himself. Perhaps Trump’s appeal to the Rust Belt results, in part, from the fact that he is a former television star, who showed up in our living rooms every week in a fictitious corporate boardroom. Sara Flynn, a 55-year-old mother of four sons in Hebron, Kentucky, recently explained to reporters from The New York Times that she has liked Trump ever since she watched him on The Apprentice. She said that she believes Trump when he says he can “make America great again.” She seemed wistful. “That’s a bygone era, that’s when America was great,” she said of the old days. “It hasn’t been like that for me.”

I suspect part of the reason that Flynn and others like her feel an affinity for Trump is because of the promises he makes in his speeches, like the one he gave on Thursday to the Economic Club of New York, at the Waldorf Astoria hotel, which is now owned by a Chinese insurance company. The speech was likely written by one of the Reagan-era economic disciples who whisper in Trump’s ears these days. Maybe it was Larry Kudlow, the ex–Bear Stearns economist and CNBC veteran (he was on the dais over Trump’s right shoulder)? Or maybe it was Stephen Moore, formerly a columnist at The Wall Street Journal, who is now a visiting fellow at the conservative Heritage Foundation? Trump’s words certainly sounded a bit like Reagan’s. Fresh from his two-hour photo-op in Flint, Michigan, the day before, he told the invitation-only crowd in New York, “It used to be cars were made in Flint, and you couldn’t drink the water in Mexico. Now, the cars are made in Mexico and you can’t drink the water in Flint.”

It’s a good line, and Trump presumably knew it. He had, in fact, also used it in Flint the day before. Like some of what Trump says, it is funny. But like much of what he says, it isn't true. We make millions of cars, and car parts, in America. A recent study by the Center for Automotive Research, in fact, revealed that the auto industry accounts for about 3 percent, or nearly $75 billion, of all foreign direct investment in the United States.

But Trump’s brand depends upon fever dreams more than realities. Trump laid the promises on thick at the Waldorf. “We are going to turn this around,” he continued. “My economic plan rejects the cynicism that says our labor force will keep declining, that our jobs will keep leaving, and that our economy can never grow as it did once before. We reject the pessimism that says our standard of living can no longer rise, and that all that’s left to do is divide up and redistribute our shrinking resources. Everything that is broken today can be fixed, and every failure can be turned into a great success.”

Trump subsequently promised to create 25 million new jobs—more jobs than certain credible economists believe that there will be workers to fill. He promised to cut taxes. He promised to cut regulations. He promised to repatriate the trillions of dollars in corporate profit—he estimated the figure at $5 trillion—and to make child-care costs tax deductible. He promised to rip up the trade agreements that he despises, NAFTA and the T.P.P. He promised that the economy, which has been stuck at around 2 percent annual economic growth for the last 10 years or so, would start growing at 3.5 percent per year, and maybe 4 percent per year if everything goes as he predicts it will. Should that happen, Trump suggested, our $600 billion annual deficit would decrease.

He also promised to cut the corporate tax rate to 15 percent from the current 35 percent. “An explosion of new business and new jobs will be created,” he said. “It will be amazing to watch.” He then engaged in a little voodoo economics. “We are proposing a $4.4 trillion tax cut that will score as $2.6 trillion under a dynamic growth model, which is how taxes should be scored,” he said. (If Larry Kudlow is around, could he please translate that sentence into a language one of Trump’s supporters, or even mere journalists, might understand?) Trump then promised to put coal miners and steel workers back to work, despite the fact that so many of the companies that operate in the coal sector face existential struggles; and those that operate in the steel sector are a shadow of their former selves.",1
3319,"Combat veterans face ‘cruel’ struggle to prove their service to VA, amid missing records","Stanley Friedman was shot at. The ship he was on was attacked by enemy bombers. He saw a landmine blow apart a truck carrying two dozen of his fellow soldiers. One of them died in his arms.

But after he came home from World War II, he found himself embroiled in another battle -- this time, with the Veterans Administration, as he tried to get his benefits.

In the decades that followed the war, Friedman suffered from anxiety, depression and nightmares which lasted his entire life, affecting his job and his family.

Yet, as he sought treatment and benefits, the Veterans Administration told him the military records documenting his service couldn't be found. Despite the fact Friedman knew very specific details of the dates and places he experienced the most traumatic events, there was no proof, so he wasn't entitled to benefits, the VA said.

""I have a huge box of letters that he sent to the VA over the years in his attempt to get benefits,"" said Friedman's wife of 61 years, Minna Rae. ""He tried over and over and over again to get help, but they just kept turning him down.""

Friedman -- who, as he would later learn, suffered from Posttraumatic Stress Disorder -- was not alone.

Veterans of all wars, from World War II to the present, are fighting similar battles to this day against the VA -- now called the Department of Veterans Affairs -- to prove their service and obtain benefits they believe they deserve, and finding out that the VA's records are woefully incomplete.

The John Marshall Law School's Veterans Legal Support Center and Clinic, which works to assist vets with legal and other issues, has lists of former soldiers wrangling with the VA system.

""It's an issue many, many vets have been suffering through for a long time, including recent veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan,"" said attorney James Garrett.

Garrett had been a lawyer with the firm DLA Piper Global, in San Diego, which has a division that takes on pro bono work assisting veterans. The veteran support clinic emailed him in 2009 appealing for help for Friedman. Garrett said he was stunned to learn that six decades after the war ended, a soldier was still locked in battle.

""I couldn't believe that after all this time, a WWII veteran was still having trouble getting benefits,"" he exclaimed.

Friedman was 89 years old at that time.

Garrett and his team began making calls, sending letters, searching the Internet, digging through documents and wading through reams of microfilm, just trying to find anything that would prove Friedman's claims.

""Frustrating does not even begin to tell you the truth of the matter. I've found it incredibly unbelievable as a taxpayer the amount of bureaucracy and ineptitude that was occurring, not only in Stanley Friedman's case, but in other cases,"" Garrett said.

Brian Clauss, who is executive director of the clinic at John Marshall, said missing records are especially a problem for veterans who served before 1973, when a fire destroyed millions of files at the National Personnel Records Center in suburban St. Louis, Mo.

""No duplicate copies of these records were ever maintained, nor were microfilm copies produced,"" said Clauss. ""Neither were any indexes created prior to the fire.""

A person would need to be a very good detective to come up with proof of service or experiences.

""It can be particularly cruel -- an elderly veteran has to reconstruct their service record. They're forced to prove their qualifications,"" Clauss said.

In addition to the fire, Clauss said records may not have been well kept during combat situations, especially if a person was injured and then evacuated. ""It is emergency treatment under extreme conditions,"" he explained. ""It is war, people are rushing through the chaos. They don't keep detailed records.""

Critics also claim the VA is antiquated and behind the times technologically, and there's still a great deal of material on paper -- and not enough staff to deal with it all.

The VA did not respond to requests from Fox News for comment for this report.

Since Friedman's case came to light, there's been more attention paid to the problem of lost veteran records, but it continues to be a serious issue for many.

Garrett said veterans told him, ""Everyone thought we were lying about things we said we had seen and experienced.""

One Vietnam veteran, who didn't want his name used, said ""the more publicity we get for this problem, the better ... Americans need to know about it.""

In 2012, Garrett was able to locate some of Friedman's lost records. And after three more years of legal wrangling with the VA offices, Friedman was finally able to obtain benefits, at the age of 92.

""This validated him. It completely changed our lives,"" said Minna Rae.

Once he got benefits, Friedman had greater access to care, which included long-awaited therapy for PTSD.

""We're very fortunate he lived long enough to get verification for his service because many other World War II vets died before that happened,"" Minna Rae said.

In the final years of his life, Stanley Friedman was eventually able to move to a veterans' residence not far from his suburban Chicago home, called the Green House homes at the Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center.

He found peace among the caring staff and his fellow veterans.

Friedman died in his sleep there at the age of 94.

Ruth Ravve joined the Fox News Channel (FNC) in 1996 and currently serves as a Chicago-based producer.",1
904,"Among this group of GOP primary voters, Trump is the Porsche of candidates","If Donald Trump were a car, he would be a Porsche. If he were an animal, he’d be a lion. And people like Porsches and lions.

Or, at least, “Walmart moms” do, according to a focus group of Republican primary-voting Walmart moms conducted this past week in Pittsburgh by Democratic pollster Margie Omero and Republican pollster Neil Newhouse. (Walmart moms are defined as women who have children younger than 18 at home and have gone to the store at least once in the past month. The focus groups — the two pollsters did another one with swing moms in suburban Philadelphia — were funded by Walmart.)

“Characterizing Donald Trump as a type of car or animal resulted in some fascinating descriptions — from the GOP group, women depicted him as a Porsche, a Ferrari, a muscle car, a boxer who stands his ground, a bulldog, an Escalade, a lion (fierce and king of the jungle) and as an unpredictable cat,” Newhouse and Omero wrote in a memo summarizing the results. “These Moms praised him as someone who speaks his mind, stands his ground, and is refreshingly politically incorrect.”

[The most baffling moments from Donald Trump’s Washington Post ed board interview]

The focus group, which was split evenly between Trump supporters and those backing another Republican candidate, provides a fascinating window into not only how Pennsylvanians view Trump on the eve of the state’s primary, on Tuesday, but also into how the real estate mogul is viewed more broadly.

The findings should be comforting for Trump and deeply concerning not only for Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and Ohio Gov. John Kasich, his rivals for the Republican nomination, but also for the “Never Trump” movement within the GOP establishment.

“These GOP Walmart moms seem to want no part of the #NeverTrump movement,” Newhouse told me Sunday. “In fact, they respect his strength and his straight talk and believe he is the party’s best shot to beat Hillary.”

Most importantly, the GOP primary race as seen through the lens of these Walmart moms is, effectively, Trump vs. everyone else. Neither Cruz nor Kasich make much of an impression with these women — even this late in the primary process.

“Voters were generally unable to tell us much about either Cruz or Kasich, Republican primary voters seemed to dislike Cruz perhaps more than the swing Moms; he was generally described in both groups as ‘religious,’ ‘gorilla — almost human,’ or ‘like a neighbor’s dog — you don’t know if they’re going to bite,’ ” Omero and Newhouse wrote. “Kasich’s image was even thinner, ‘I think they like him in Ohio,’ said one, ‘too sane,’ or ‘Mild, like a kitten,’ said others.”

Then there’s the fact that for all the attention paid to Trump’s comments about women during his long life in the public eye, the vast majority of these GOP Walmart moms seems strikingly unbothered by his views on women.

“When these GOP Moms were pushed about Trump’s gender issues, there was some acknowledgment that he may be a ‘sexist,’ but general agreement among these women was that ‘I don’t really care, I’ve seen worse,’ ” Newhouse and Omero wrote.

That’s an absolutely stunning finding — at least to me.

[The new Donald Trump should scare the hell out of the GOP establishment]

When it comes to the broader delegate fight, the women in the focus group think Trump is also in very good shape and think it would be deeply unfair for the person who enters the convention with the most votes and delegates not to be chosen as the Republican nominee.

“I’d feel terribly misled,” one woman said when asked about the prospect. “Cheated,” another said. (Not surprisingly, this group was equally dismissive about the prospect of House Speaker Paul D. Ryan or some other “white knight” candidate riding to the rescue at the convention; “If convention turned to someone like Paul Ryan — shows that GOP leaders don’t really care about them,” Newhouse tweeted while conducting the focus group.)

Finally, there’s a very strong sense that Trump represents the GOP’s best chance of beating Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton in the fall — despite lots and lots of polling that suggests he would be a decidedly weak nominee against the former secretary of state.

The Walmart moms said they would feel “relieved,” “concerned,” “good” and “optimistic” with Trump as the nominee — a remarkable set of emotions toward the business mogul. “There was no hesitation among the GOP women that Trump could beat Clinton and that they would support the GOP nominee — even if he hadn’t been their first choice,” Newhouse and Omero wrote.

With Trump coming off a huge win in New York last Tuesday and almost certainly headed to a five-state sweep this Tuesday, these findings suggest that among the GOP rank and file, he is considered far more likely to be the Republican nominee than is commonly understood in Washington — a frightening prospect for party leaders, who believe that nominating Trump could be a massive electoral disaster for their side.

“Pittsburgh’s not that far from Washington, D.C., but these GOP Walmart moms are a world apart from D.C. in their views on this race,” Newhouse said. “We’ve long passed Valentine’s Day, but among these women, it’s coming up all roses for Donald Trump.”",1
4442,Jordan Strikes At ISIS; Obama Said To Be Preparing To Request War Powers,"Jordan Strikes At ISIS; Obama Said To Be Preparing To Request War Powers

Repeated air strikes on the self-described Islamic State are ""the beginning of our retaliation"" for the extremist group's brutal killing of a captured pilot, Jordan's foreign minister says.

Nasser Judeh made the remark on CNN, adding that Jordan will continue to target ISIS fighters and facilities in both Iraq and Syria.

""We are upping the ante. We're going after them wherever they are, with everything that we have,"" Judeh said.

The fight against ISIS is also a hot topic in Washington, where President Obama reportedly plans to ask Congress to authorize the use of military force against the extremist group. The Associated Press notes that the president has been relying on Sept. 11-era authorizations, and that the process of getting new legislation won't be simple.

""His actions are going to be an important part of trying for us to get the votes to actually pass an authorization,"" House Speaker John Boehner said Thursday. ""This is not going to be an easy lift.""

There's no word yet on the timing of the request, which the AP says would cover three years.

In the meantime, the U.S. military is putting search and rescue crews closer to the fighting in northern Iraq.

""After Lt. Muath al-Kaseasbeh was captured by the so-called Islamic State when his plane crashed in December, the United Arab Emirates withdrew its aircraft from anti-ISIS coalition airstrikes. ""A retired Jordanian air force general tells NPR that the UAE move was understandable, because search and rescue capabilities need to be improved. ""So news that U.S. search and rescue crews are moving to northern Iraq to be closer to the battle space has been greeted warmly here. Al-Kaseasbeh's brutal killing has many Jordanians backing their country's role in the fight against ISIS, and the king says Jordan's response will be harsh and ongoing.""

As the Two-Way reported Thursday, a U.N. report issued this week gave more details about ISIS' brutal tactics, noting ""several cases of mass executions of boys, as well as reports of beheadings, crucifixions of children and burying children alive.""",1
4578,Clinton's emotional concession: This is 'painful and will be for a long time',"Hillary Clinton ended her historic presidential campaign Wednesday, saying it is “painful and will be for a long time,” as she urged for a peaceful transfer of power.

“Donald Trump is going to be our president,” she said in her concession speech. “I hope that he will be a successful president for all Americans,"" Clinton told a room of emotional aides and supporters, who gave her an extended round of applause.

“We have seen that our nation is more deeply divided than we thought. But I still believe in America and always will. And if you do, then we must accept this” election outcome, she added. “We owe him an open mind and a chance to lead.”

Clinton’s vice presidential running mate, Tim Kaine, introduced her and addressed the unique challenge the former secretary of State faced in her bid to become the nation's first female president.

“She has been and is a great history maker,” he said, citing her work as a civil rights lawyer, first lady, senator and secretary of State. “She has made history in a nation that is good at so many things, but that’s made it uniquely difficult for a woman to be elected to federal office,"" adding that Clinton had become the first female major-party presidential nominee,

He also noted that, just like Democrat Al Gore in 2000, Clinton appeared to have won the national popular vote.

Clinton made it clear that while Americans must “cherish” the Constitution’s democratic tradition of a peaceful transfer of power, they should fight to protect its core values of the rule of law, equal rights and freedom of worship. These are all Constitutional protections her campaign had argued were at risk with a Trump presidency.

In closing her remarks Clinton made a direct appeal to young people and women of all ages.

To young people, she said: “This loss hurts, but please never stop believing that fighting for what’s right is worth it.”

She concluded her concession urging the women who supported her not to lose faith in their dreams.

“We have still not shattered that highest, hardest glass ceiling, but some day someone will. And hopefully sooner than we might think right now,” she said.

“To all the little girls who are watching this, never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance and opportunity in the world to pursue and achieve your” dreams, she added.

Several hours earlier, Clinton had called Trump to congratulate him on becoming the nation's president-elect. However, she did not make an appearance before backers gathered at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center for what was expected to be a victory party.

Instead, her campaign chairman, John Podesta, made brief remarks. “It’s been a long night, and it’s been a long campaign, but I can say we can wait a little longer,"" he told Clinton's despondent supporters in the late hours of election night.

Outside the New Yorker hotel in Manhattan, where Clinton would deliver her concession remarks Wednesday, disappointed supporters, many still wearing their guest badges from the previous night's campaign event, tried to get in to see their defeated candidate.

Anita Broccolino said she wanted to get into the event ""to show support for Hillary, to show her we love her.""

The loss was a shock to the Clinton team after most major polls showed her with a comfortable lead in all of the major battleground states, including Pennsylvania, a blue-leaning state that Republicans hadn't carried since 1988 — until Trump's win there Tuesday.

A few weeks ago, Clinton's lead was even more pronounced. Following the third debate in Las Vegas, in which Trump called Clinton a ""nasty woman"" and would not commit to honoring the outcome of the election, an ABC News tracking poll showed Clinton leading the GOP nominee by 11 points nationally.

Later in the month, FBI Director James Comey announced that his agency was reviewing new emails that might be relevant to its investigation of her private email server, but just two days before the election, Comey said the emails were either duplicates or not germane and that he was making no change in his previous recommendation against criminal charges.

Still, the move revived the one issue that had proved most damaging to Clinton's candidacy — and her poll numbers began to reflect it.

Additionally, news organizations, including Fox News, falsely reported that she would be indicted in a separate investigation related to her family's charitable foundation.

Clinton responded on the campaign trail by shifting her message to take aim at Trump, even warning at several rallies that the real estate mogul's temperament risked a global nuclear war. On the eve of the election, Clinton told supporters in Grand Rapids, Mich., that there was no veto over a presidential decision to launch a nuclear weapon and that it takes just four minutes to launch one.

Democrats will now begin a long process of soul-searching. During the heat of the campaign, they had remained optimistic that a number of the setbacks they'd encountered, including the WikiLeaks email hack linked to Russia, were survivable.",1
1253,Inside Bernie Sanders’s quest to win over Nevada’s Latinos,"EAST LAS VEGAS — ""Nevada is especially important because we're a swing state. Who here knows what a swing state is?"" a Bernie Sanders campaign organizer had asked the room of 15 volunteers — overwhelmingly Latino and largely in their teens and 20s — during an introductory spiel that was part training and part pep rally.

Silence. The question hung in the air just long enough to become awkward.

""No one?"" the organizer asked. Clearly surprised but only slightly deterred, he barreled on with the rest of his pitch.

Many of Sanders's enthusiastic supporters are people who are interested in the presidential race because they're interested in Bernie Sanders, not the other way around. That's a big asset for a campaign that's relying on motivated volunteers: The Sanders campaign needs these young Latinos to spread Sanders's message of economic populism, and his extremely progressive immigration platform, to the rest of the Latino community.

But it's also an illustration of just how much work Sanders's people have cut out for them in a very short amount of time.

The campaign hopes that this work will cause Latinos to caucus for Sanders on Saturday in high enough numbers to win a state in what's become an unexpectedly close race — and, in the process, prove to observers that Sanders can win with nonwhites.

The campaign's office in East Las Vegas is strategically located in a neighborhood the Sanders organizer referred to as ""Little Mexico."" It is also a few blocks from Rancho High School, a school of nearly 3,000 students, more than two-thirds of whom identify as Latino. This isn't symbolic — it's an important way to make sure Sanders's most devoted supporters can come to the office to call voters and canvass neighborhoods.

The Sanders campaign's ""Latino outreach strategy"" is a matter of who is speaking on the candidate's behalf — but it doesn't involve changing what those people are saying. Forty-one percent of America's Latino voters, and 44 percent of Nevada's, are millennials. And as far as the Sanders campaign is concerned, they're just like any other millennials: They care about a $15 minimum wage and free college tuition, and they want to get money out of politics.

In other words, the Sanders campaign's ""pitch"" to Latinos is strikingly similar to its pitch to everyone else: In the words of Nevada state director Joan Kato, Sanders is ""someone who's always fought for equality and making sure the average person is not taken advantage of.""

In Nevada, at least, this message appeals to many young Latinos who are excited about Sanders's ability to transform a political system they don't fully buy into. It's not just that they agree with the positions Sanders is espousing; it's that they believe he will be a reliable champion for them if he's elected.

""Bernie is the only candidate that really believes in the Fight for $15 movement,"" a young organizer told the group of volunteers in East Las Vegas, referring to the fact that Sanders's opponent in the primary, Hillary Clinton, has embraced a $12-an-hour minimum wage but won't go as high as $15. ""We have to show that support just the way he's supporting us.""

Even though Sanders's economic message has won enthusiasm from many young Latinos, the candidate's position on immigration is still a key part of his Latino outreach strategy.

For many Latino voters, immigration is a ""threshold issue""; issues like health care, jobs, and education might be more important to them, but they won't even start evaluating a candidate — or party — on those issues if he or she doesn't support immigration reform.

Early in Sanders's campaign, during an interview with Vox, he expressed skepticism about large-scale low-skilled immigration into the US — and it looked like he was setting himself up for attacks from the very vocal immigrant rights movement. But instead, the Sanders campaign turned his relative underemphasis on immigration prior to his candidacy into an asset for his campaign by bringing immigration activists in to craft an immigration platform that put him substantially to the left of Hillary Clinton.

DREAMer activists Cesar Vargas and Erika Andiola joined the Sanders campaign last fall, with the task of designing the senator's immigration platform. Along with other Sanders staffers, and the candidate himself, they essentially crowdsourced the platform, asking immigrant activists and legal organizations for suggestions and input.

""We were the people who presented the senator with this whole policy platform. They knew it was bold, and they accepted it,"" Vargas said.

Vargas and Andiola had some good material to start with: Sanders's opposition to big business makes him a natural critic of private, for-profit prisons, and he'd already promised to abolish them. That wouldn't have as much of an impact on the overall prison population as most people think, but it would absolutely transform the immigration detention system — which is dominated by for-profit facilities. And for many grassroots immigration activists, curbing immigration detention and enforcement is a key goal.

Many of the activists Vargas and Andiola talked to had personal experience with the detention system. One of them was Liz Hernandez, an activist with the United Coalition for Immigrant and Migrant Rights in Las Vegas. Hernandez was detained by immigration agents at the age of 10, along with her mother, 7-year-old sister, and 2-month-old brother. Her mother, who made and sold homemade cheeses to support the family, had to ask the agents for food and water for her children.

Sixteen years later — and after having told her story countless times in her advocacy work — Hernandez crying as she recounts all of this for me: ""It's disgusting to know that there are kids being criminalized at such a young age."" Hernandez received protection from deportation and work permission under Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program in 2012; her mother is still at risk of deportation.

Hernandez and other local activists met with Sanders himself while Vargas and Andiola were working on the platform. She told him about her family's experiences. And, she says, ""He was like, 'We're going to make something happen.'""

His platform follows through on that commitment. While both Sanders and Clinton promise to go even further than President Obama in using executive action to protect unauthorized immigrants from deportations, Sanders puts a number on it: He'd protect up to 9 million unauthorized immigrants. And he'd even allow some parents who'd already been deported to return to the US and their families. It sounds like an immigration advocate's wish list — because it is.

""I've never been asked to endorse a politician before,"" says Hernandez. ""It's really hard for me to talk about a candidate, to say, 'You have to support this person.'"" But Sanders won her over: The afternoon I meet her, she's the most diligent volunteer in the East Las Vegas office, calling voter after voter to urge them to caucus.

As far as the Sanders campaign is concerned, their biggest problem is name recognition. Talk to some of their supporters, and you might think it's the only problem.

Adriana Arévalo, an outreach strategist with the Sanders campaign, had a recent encounter with a woman at a soccer tournament who said she supported Hillary ""'because she's the wife of Bill Clinton.' I said, 'Okay, but do you know what she's offering for you, for your family?'"" Arévalo says the woman left the tournament as a Sanders supporter.

But Sanders' campaign is making progress. One person I spoke to in Las Vegas (who asked not to be named because they're affiliated with a nonpartisan organization) said they're hearing from, ""like, Latina housekeepers: 'El viejito, he has some good ideas.'"" Viejito is an affectionate, even nicknamey way to say ""the old man."" ""That they already have a nickname for him, wow.""

""There's barely any people who reject Bernie for his ideas,"" says Cynthia, a 17-year-old Rancho High School student and Sanders volunteer. Her confidence is brimming. ""If people were more politically aware, they'd already know who Bernie was.""

This is an appealing narrative for the Sanders campaign in Nevada, because it presents their only problem as something they have the resources to solve: All they need is word of mouth, and they have an enthusiastic young volunteer core to accomplish that.

Sometimes it can be hard to tell how big the groundswell of Latino support for Sanders really is. The campaign presents its Nevada operation as a response to popular demand: There are 12 offices in Nevada, multiple staffers took pains to mention, more than any other presidential campaign. But political journalist Jon Ralston (considered the ""dean"" of the local press corps) thinks that's mostly hype: ""Yeah, you have 12 offices, but if the lights aren't on in 11 of them..."" he says airily.

Ralston is also skeptical of the campaign's claim that it's been endorsed by five Spanish-language publications in Nevada; when the campaign announced the first three endorsements, he called them ""three Spanish-language newspapers nobody has heard of, including an ad mag and an online news aggregator.""

And in other cases, the campaign's aggressive enthusiasm can look like straight-up aggression. A student government leader at the College of Southern Nevada, who was initially listed among the Sanders campaign's ""steering committee,"" later said that she hadn't known signing up for the committee implied an endorsement of Sanders and that she would actually be supporting Hillary Clinton.

The most powerful union in southern Nevada, the Culinary Union Local 226, also harshly criticized the Sanders campaign for sneaking into employee dining rooms and canvassing for Sanders while wearing union pins — a move that, several advocates in Nevada stressed to me, could have gotten the union in serious trouble.

The Sanders campaign has a mixed record when it comes to conventional campaign tactics, which makes it all the more important that its word-of-mouth, passion-driven campaign succeed. The passionate Sanders supporters are the ones who are expected to spread the word to less politically engaged members of the community: that there is in fact a second Democrat running for president, and that he's the one who really wants to help them afford college and help their parents avoid deportation.

The Clinton campaign urges its staff and volunteers to focus on maximizing ""voter contacts"" — ""the goal is that canvassers have knocked on your door four to five times in the last two months,"" Clinton communications staffer Jorge Silva tells me — and to develop spreadsheets of who needs a ride to the polls.

The Sanders campaign also wants to reach as many voters as frequently as possible, of course — but it urges its volunteers not to use their scripts when calling potential caucus-goers, and instead to share their personal stories of why they support the senator.

""We are the face of the political revolution,"" one staffer told the East Las Vegas volunteers, ""and that's why we gotta call everybody and their moms, like, 10 times.""

Spreading the word is obviously important as a force multiplier. But there's a more basic reason for the focus on evangelism: Many of Sanders's most passionate supporters can't themselves vote.

Some of the young volunteers can caucus — Cynthia, for example — will be 18 by Election Day in November, so Nevada law allows her to caucus in February. Furthermore, Nevada allows same-day voter registration for Democratic caucus-goers, something that was a major factor in helping Obama take more of the state's delegates than Clinton in 2008 (though he lost the popular vote).

But even with early eligibility and same-day registration, many of Sanders's most fervent Latino supporters aren't eligible to caucus. That doesn't stop them from organizing for the candidate, as staffers stress time and time again. But it could still set a ceiling for the candidate.

Sanders's best asset in the caucuses is the fact that his supporters are likely to be more informed about when the caucuses are and more passionate about showing up to them. Some of the most passionate of those supporters are young Latinos, of two very different types.

The first are the kind who have been involved in politics long enough that they don't tend to fall in love with politicians but feel they've finally found someone to trust: the Cesar Vargases and Liz Hernandezes of the world. They're noncitizens (like many of their peers in the immigrant rights movement), and they can't vote. The second are the kind who aren't otherwise interested in politics — who don't know what a swing state is — but who see Sanders as a politician worth paying attention to. Some of them are eligible to vote like Cynthia; others are simply too young.

At the East Las Vegas office, a campaign organizer tried to prepare a few young volunteers to call potential caucus-goers. When he turned to ask another staffer for clarification about something, one of the volunteers shyly raised his hand and gestured at the young woman next to him: ""We actually kind of have to leave right now."" Their ride had arrived.",1
1367,Rand Paul drops out of White House race,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
1430,Why many black voters aren't flocking to Bernie Sanders,"Bernie Sanders has civil rights credentials, but many black thinkers are wary of his brand of liberal socialism, which they say ignores the role of racism in society.

Tesla under Trump: How will electric cars fare under the next president?

With just a week before the first votes are cast in the 2016 United States presidential election, black voters have yet to #feelthebern and embrace Bernie Sanders’s liberal vision for the country.

And while the Vermont senator could upset former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the first two Democratic contests, in mostly white Iowa and New Hampshire, black voters could quickly stop the momentum of the self-described democratic socialist once the election heads to the South, many observers say.

For one thing, Mrs. Clinton enjoys strong support from this constituency, perhaps because of her and her husband’s long involvement with the black community. But for some black thinkers, the issue is more Senator Sanders himself – and specifically, his class-based economic socialism.

His outlook, they say, often ignores deeper questions about race and the divides that the country continues to face. And in that respect, they see Sanders as not warming up to the kind of radical actions that they’re calling for.

“I think this is where some of the white liberal efforts have failed,” says Christina Greer, a political scientist at Fordham University in New York. “In the rush to make it all about class, you turn on your blinders to certain things that quite frankly aren’t about class.... He’s missing a very large piece of the puzzle, and what makes some black voters nervous, there seems to be a huge gap in his understanding about race.”

This summer, as the Sanders campaign’s message of economic populism first began resonating among many Democrats, especially Millennials, it ran into problems when targeted by Black Lives Matter protesters, many of them boisterous and disruptive. They were unimpressed that the radical democratic socialist responded to the death of Freddie Gray in Baltimore primarily with a “long run” solution of better youth employment.

“When a candidate points to high unemployment among black youth, as well as high incarceration rates, and then dubs himself a radical, it seems prudent to ask what radical anti-racist policies that candidate actually embraces,” wrote Ta-Nehisi Coates in The Atlantic on Sunday. “Hillary Clinton has no interest in being labeled radical, left-wing, or even liberal,” he added.

Mr. Coates’s much-discussed 2014 essay, “The Case for Reparations,” laid out a moral argument that even many conservatives found compelling, as it recounted the history of government “redlining,” which disqualified most black neighborhoods for federally supported mortgage lending.

Over the weekend, Coates returned to the reparations issue, saying that Sanders’s radical bona fides actually reveal the failure of the “liberal imagination.”

“Sanders’s basic approach is to ameliorate the effects of racism through broad, mostly class-based policies – doubling the minimum wage, offering single-payer health-care, delivering free higher education,” he wrote. “This is the same ‘A rising tide lifts all boats’ thinking that has dominated Democratic anti-racist policy for a generation.”

Eradicating the deeper effects of white supremacy, Coates and other commentators believe, requires far more attention to race and much more radical action – such as correcting the devastating history of redlining.

Yet even as some black thinkers and the young protesters of Black Lives Matter remain unimpressed with Sanders, experts say this doesn’t fully explain why black voters are increasingly putting their support behind Mrs. Clinton.

While Clinton has seen her support fall among almost all Democratic constituencies this past month, that has not been the case among black and Latino Democratic voters. In January, their support for Clinton jumped to 71 percent, according to a Monmouth University poll released last week, up from 61 percent in December.

A lot of this support, many say, is simply that black voters know both Hillary and Bill Clinton well after more than two decades on the national political scene.

“Though he lived in Chicago and did all sorts of work with [Martin Luther] King, Sanders is a New England liberal,” says Randal Jelks, professor of African-American studies at the University of Kansas in Lawrence. “In such a white state, he really doesn’t know a constituency that is diverse and has diverse needs.”

“The Clintons have spent time with black people, in black churches, and have come out of a strong black presence in Arkansas,” he continues.

These ties have long been established with black elites, especially influential black pastors around the nation, experts say.

“If you’ve been friends with the Clintons, and have benefited from that friendship with the Clintons, this trickles down to voters,” says Professor Greer, an expert in urban politics.

Blacks, she points out, can be pragmatic in their voting decisions.

“What I think a lot of people tend to forget is that black and Latino voters – especially black voters, historically – have been strategic voters, as opposed to sincere voters at certain times,” she says.

Professor Jelks concurs. “I’m not too fond of Ms. Clinton’s policies myself, but I’m a realist about politics,” he says, noting the Clinton administration’s role in a crime bill that led to an even greater disproportion of incarcerated black and Latino young men. “Sometimes you hold your nose and you vote for the devil-you-know over the devil-you-don’t-know.”

This could change, however, if Sanders indeed pulls off upsets in Iowa and New Hampshire, and more black voters in the South take a closer look at the democratic socialist.

Indeed, on Monday a South Carolina lawmaker and lawyer for the family of Walter Scott, an unarmed black man shot and killed by a police officer in North Charleston last year, withdrew his support for Clinton and endorsed Sanders instead.

“Hillary Clinton is more a representation of the status quo when I think about politics or about what it means to be a Democrat,” said State Rep. Justin Bamberg (D), said on Monday, according to The New York Times . “Bernie Sanders on the other hand is bold. He doesn’t think like everyone else. He is not afraid to call things as they are.”

The endorsement could help Sanders as he tries to make inroads among black voters before the critical South Carolina primary, experts say.

Yet many thinkers remain unimpressed with his focus on economic solutions to the country’s racial problems.

“It’s not just about poor black people living in cities,” says Greer. “It’s about, how did those black people get to those cities, and why are they poor? They were fleeing domestic terrorism in the South, they left everything behind and worked low-wage jobs in urban centers. And then people said, we can redline them and use more aggressive policing and all those sorts of things. These aren’t just issues of a class narrative – it’s also a race narrative.”",1
707,Libertarian Party set to pick nominee at convention,"Orlando, Florida (CNN) They get the bronze medal every four years in what is really a two-person race.

That's what it must feel like to be a third-party candidate in a two-party country.

But between Donald Trump's abrupt takeover of the GOP and Bernie Sanders' climb from long-shot Democratic candidacy to head of a national progressive movement, 2016 has been a year for party outsiders. And Libertarians hope that could give them an opening.

What gives them hope?

The likely Democratic and Republican nominees each have historically high unfavorable numbers . Media attention for the party, both the national committee chairman and the party's political director say, is at unprecedented levels.

So it is with an air of opportunity to break out of obscurity that Libertarians, members of the country's most prominent third party, have gathered for their national convention in Orlando, Florida, this weekend to officially pick a candidate to pitch to angry voters.

Many expect former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson, the Libertarian presidential nominee in 2012, to leave Orlando Sunday evening once again his party's standard-bearer.

Since last week, Johnson has made the rounds touting his newly minted alliance with former Massachusetts Gov. Bill Weld, who is seeking the party's vice presidential nomination. The two former governors, who both also happen to be ex-Republicans, are fielding a ticket of sorts, although the Libertarians elect their nominees separately and no formal ticket will exist at the convention until the party selects its presidential and vice presidential nominees.

But Johnson and Weld first have to navigate an openly hostile convention, characterized by its insular proceedings and unwelcome to moderates.

Weld will have to overcome meaningful differences between his demonstrated policy preferences, particularly past support for gun control measures, and his willingness to support Republican politicians. Just this year, the colorful former governor endorsed Ohio Gov. John Kasich for president.

His supposed transgressions from Libertarian orthodoxy have earned him outright disdain from many of the party's attendees. He received loud boos at his introduction to the party's vice presidential debate, where he stuck to reciting his conservative bona fides and applauded his opponents on stage.

""We are not Republican-light,"" Larry Sharpe, a vice-presidential candidate said in a takedown of the Johnson-Weld ticket mere inches away from the former Massachusetts governor.

Asked after the debate, Weld said he thought such attacks ""were not an issue one way or another.""

Despite his bruising reception, Johnson said he would strongly prefer not to continue his bid without Weld, arguing they were ""arguably the two most Libertarian governors that ever served.""

Weld doubled down on this kind of rhetoric at the convention, saying that should Trump win the presidency, ""We will be the rogue nation. We will be the North Korea.""

Johnson, meanwhile, has several serious challengers gunning for the top spot on the third-party ticket.

Among them is Austin Petersen, a young, hardcore party advocate with strong backing in Libertarian Internet circles. He recently announced the endorsement of Mary Matalin and Erick Erickson, vocal anti-Trump conservatives.

Petersen rolled through the convention, glad-handing delegates and circling back to his open-door suite, filled with meatballs and alcohol for supporters. He belted out insults for Trump, calling him ""Cheetos-faced"" and ""fascist"" as his supporters, who he called ""freedom ninjas,"" hollered in support.

However, in a party that generally swings liberal on social issues, Petersen is unabashedly anti-abortion. He is also 35 years old.

Also expected to post significant support is notorious entrepreneur John McAfee, a man who has forged an international identity after becoming a pioneer in the field of cybersecurity. Last fall, McAfee launched a presidential bid under the banner of his newly formed political organization, the Cyber Party. As the fall continued, McAfee declared his intention to seek the nomination of the Libertarian Party.

Building off of his name, his intense personality and his sweeping command of Libertarian sweet spots, McAfee has made a serious bid for the top of the ticket.

Although McAfee has little history with the party and no experience governing, his controversies -- including going into hiding following the shooting death of a businessman near his island compound in Belize -- and his lack of political experience may actually make up for it. In an election cycle dominated by a brash billionaire and reality TV star, McAfee's libidinous, shadowy, drug-fueled history and cavalier demeanor occasionally might not hurt much in a party built on opposing government control.

The primary has become somewhat contentious and McAfee has repeatedly said that he will not support Johnson if the former New Mexico becomes the nominee.

Petersen said he would ""pull it for Gary"" if the former New Mexico governor won the nomination. Weld said he wasn't sure what he'd do if Johnson was not the nominee.

""I'm in this because of Gary Johnson,"" Weld said.

The Libertarian nominee will appear in ballots in 50 states, but...

Of course, securing the nomination is only one step -- and an extremely easy one, relatively speaking -- on the path to a Libertarian presidency.

The eventual nominee, whoever it is, will have to compete in the general election, where the odds of victory for the Libertarian Party stand at roughly zero.

If that performance repeats itself in the 2016 general election, it will mark the 12th cycle in a row where no third party has earned a single vote in the Electoral College.

Compared to other years and other third parties, however, the Libertarians have plenty to feel good about. The Libertarian Party has navigated the multitude of onerous requirements for ballot access in all 50 states, a task unaccomplished by any other third party.

Put more simply, the Libertarian nominee will be the only name outside of the mainstream choices on the presidential ballot in all 50 states on November 8.

On the ballot, but not the debate stage

Johnson, echoing many other third-party candidates, regularly stresses the Libertarian Party's need to join the presidential debates. Inclusion in the presidential debates requires strong poll performance, which, of course, requires inclusion in the polls themselves.

From the ""Never Trump"" crowd to the nascent ""Bernie or bust"" movement, the eventual Libertarian nominee might have room to grow a base and shake up the already volatile presidential race.",1
4646,Donald Trump's tough path to the White House,"Washington (CNN) Donald Trump got a morale boost this week -- but it likely won't be enough to propel him to the White House.

After weeks of devastating headlines, the Republican nominee seemed to give himself a break. He largely avoided incessant talk about allegations of sexual assault by multiple women and claims that the election is rigged -- both of which made wavering Republicans nervous.

The drumbeat of WikiLeaks disclosures yielded material to lambast Hillary Clinton and her family's foundation. And news of rising Obamacare premiums gave him an opening to criticize President Barack Obama's legacy that Clinton is running to inherit.

Trump edged up in some state surveys and CNN moved two crucial states -- Florida and Nevada -- from lean Democratic to battleground status on its electoral map.

But 11 days before the election, Trump is down six points in CNN's Poll of Polls. His path to the 270 electoral votes needed to capture the presidency remains daunting and it will be tough to overcome the deficit in the remaining time. Trump seemed to acknowledge the challenges Thursday.

With the new changes, CNN's electoral college map leaves Clinton with 272 electoral votes from states either solidly or leaning in her direction. Trump has 179 electoral votes from states either solidly or leaning in his direction. That leaves 87 electoral votes up for grabs at the moment. Trump will have to pitch a perfect game to secure the ones he needs, especially as he struggles to pull states such as Virginia, Pennsylvania or Michigan out of Clinton's column.

""To have a fighting chance in this election of getting to 270 electoral votes, he has to win North Carolina, Ohio and Florida. If he does win all three that still gives him only 253 electoral votes,"" said Ford O'Connell, a GOP strategist. ""The biggest problem for the Trump campaign is overall, where are you going to get 270? He basically almost has to run an inside straight and almost has to have them all fall into his hands.""

Trump and his aides insist he has a path and momentum, citing huge crowds, long lines for early voting and the few polls in his favor. A Fox News poll Wednesday put the national gap to Clinton at only three points and a Bloomberg Politics survey in Florida said he was two points up.

""I think we're going to have a tremendous victory,"" Trump told CNN's Dana Bash Wednesday. ""If I didn't think it, I wouldn't say it.""

Trump's schedule shows that he knows the stakes.

He spent several days in Florida earlier this week, was in North Carolina on Wednesday and spent Thursday in Ohio. Without that trio, Trump has no platform to mount what even then would be a long shot bid for the White House.

Clinton is of the same mind. She was in Florida Wednesday and plans to go back Saturday. She campaigned in North Carolina with first lady Michelle Obama on Thursday. Clinton could effectively stop Trump in his tracks if she can win either state -- barring a huge and unpredictable upset elsewhere.

If Trump does win North Carolina, Ohio and Florida, he can trace the narrowest of routes to 270 electoral votes by winning New Hampshire, a congressional district in Maine, Iowa and Nevada. But Clinton is leading or in a tight race in those states. Trump also cannot afford to drop any red state, and is already fighting rearguard actions in Arizona and Utah, and some Democrats believe that Georgia could be competitive.

Again, Trump's travel is instructive -- he is campaigning in Maine, New Hampshire and Iowa on Friday.

Some Democrats worry Clinton's biggest risk is that her voters think she has the presidency in the bag and will fail to show up to vote.

""No complacency here,"" Clinton said Wednesday at a rally in Tampa, Florida. ""Donald Trump says he can still win and he is right. That is why it is so important everyone gets out and votes.""

Clinton's advisers also warn that the race will probably narrow in the days to come.

""Quite likely we are in store for one final round of tightening,"" Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon tweeted Wednesday.

In essence, Trump's hopes rely on a huge turnout of his base voters, who are largely white and working class. He also needs significantly depressed enthusiasm among Clinton voters and a poll-defying shock on the scale of Brexit, the surprise British vote this year to quit the European Union.

Trump has repeatedly said the polls are wrong. And it's true that some pre-election polls underplayed the size of Obama's re-election victory in 2012 and the Democratic mid-term election debacle two years later.

But if he goes into Election Day with his current deficit, Trump would require a massive polling miss outside the margin of error in multiple states.

The Republican nominee's own strategy makes his task even more difficult.

Since he has likely alienated minority and educated women with his rhetoric and behavior, Trump must pull in vast numbers of new white voters — some who may have voted for Democrats in the past -- to make up for the shortfall.

But the Fox News poll, like some other recent surveys, suggested Trump is underperforming 2012 nominee Mitt Romney among this core constituency. Romney won white voters by 20 points over Obama according to exit polls, but Trump is only 14 points ahead of Clinton in the poll with the same voting group.

Trump's problems with educated white female voters have been well documented.

If those numbers hold, it means that the GOP nominee must reverse trends in which white voters have become a smaller share of the electorate in recent elections.

""There are just not enough white men in these battleground states for him to win this election,"" said Tharon Johnson, who ran Obama's southern states strategy in his 2012 re-election bid.

Still, Bloomberg's poll of Florida does suggest Trump has some traction in the state he regards as a second home — even though most other recent surveys have given Clinton a lead of a few points. Some close observers of Sunshine State politics do believe his intense campaigning is having an impact.

""I think it has moved some polls. He has been very strategic about going into some of the media markets where there are a lot of suburban voters,"" said Professor Susan MacManus of the University of South Florida, who does not rule out a late Trump surge. ""Never say never in our state. On paper, it should be Hillary's to lose. But it's not an on paper election. She has soft spots in her base, so does Trump.""",1
279,Gavel Battle: Boehner resignation sparks House leadership scramble,"House Speaker John Boehner’s stunning announcement that he will resign his post and seat in Congress sparked chaos on Capitol Hill Friday, with lawmakers immediately jockeying for position ahead of the upcoming reshuffle.

“This is going to be a barn burner of a leadership election,” one source said.

The 13-term Ohio Republican shocked his GOP caucus early Friday morning when he informed them in a closed-door session that he intends to step down at the end of October. One lawmaker told Fox News he was ""stunned,"" and that there was ""some anger"" in the room ""against the people who caused this to happen.""

But the drama didn't stop the almost-immediate scramble for his gavel.

Some lawmakers swiftly hit the phones, making intense calls as they jockeyed for position ahead of what could potentially be an overhaul of the entire leadership team.

The immediate favorite to inherit the gavel is House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., a Boehner ally. Fox News is told he's actively seeking the post.

Asked about a potential successor, Boehner said that's ""up to the members"" but then gave McCarthy a near-endorsement: ""I think Kevin McCarthy would be an excellent speaker.""

But it is far from a done deal, with Rep. Jeb Hensarling, R-Texas; Rep. Pete Roskam, R-Ill.; and  Rep. Tom Price, R-Ga., thought to be potential candidates who could throw their hats into the ring.

Fox News learned late Friday that Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers, R-Wash. and House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-La, are both looking at running for the leadership position.

The leadership battle also begins as Congress still struggles over a budget measure and efforts by conservatives to defund Planned Parenthood as part of it. Even if that issue is resolved in the near-term, the next speaker will confront those same partisan divisions.

Not everyone wants that responsibility. Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., the party's vice presidential nominee in 2012, has already ruled himself out of the race, calling the job “a great job for empty nesters.”

For his part, Roskam attempted to become whip after then-House Majority Leader Eric Cantor lost his primary race last June, and was replaced in leadership by McCarthy – then the majority whip. However, Roskam was beaten by Scalise.

Fox News understands Roskam is one of the lawmakers jockeying for position. When asked for comment, Roskam warned against merely “reshuffling the deck.”

""I'm for somebody who can bridge the divide in our Conference. If we don't have a plan to get us out of this dysfunction, reshuffling the deck won't make anything better. I'm going to work hard to make sure we get the leadership we need, not just settle on the fastest, easiest choice,"" Roskam said.

An aide to Hensarling told Fox News that he was considering his options and would expect to have a decision next week.

Should McCarthy succeed Boehner, there would be an opening for House majority leader, as well as potentially further down the roster in positions such as majority whip.

Boehner’s backing may help McCarthy’s chances with the establishment, but may hurt him elsewhere.

“[Boehner’s backing] will help him with the establishment but not with the conservative House Freedom Caucus. He may face a challenge [from conservatives] but even the House Freedom Caucus admit they aren’t organized, and so they may not even put up a candidate,” GOP strategist Ron Bonjean told FoxNews.com. “Speed is the key. Waiting can hurt your chances. Members who can get members behind them can build momentum, and a snowball effect allows them to wrap things up. That’s what McCarthy is going for – there’s already a sense of inevitability that he’s getting the job.”

If conservatives do put forward a candidate of their own, Reps. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio and Rep. Ted Yoho R-Fla., are among the names that could be put forward.

Democrats, too, will almost certainly run Boehner’s predecessor -- House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif. -- for the post.

At a press conference Friday afternoon with Chinese President Xi Jinping, President Obama also voiced his own general hopes for the next speaker:

“My hope is there’s a recognition on the part of the next speaker, something I think John understood … that we can have significant differences on issues but that doesn’t mean you shut down the government,” Obama said.

Boehner's resignation could make next week's budget battle easier to resolve in the short-term. Conservatives want to use the budget measure to defund Planned Parenthood, and Boehner previously had to worry about an internal party revolt if he tried to strike a deal with Democrats to pass a ""clean"" budget bill.

However, it also could work the other way. A lame-duck Boehner could open a situation where aspiring GOP leaders are put on the spot and under even more pressure from the conservative wing.

Once Boehner resigns, the total number of members in the House will be 434. An absolute majority of the House is required to elect a new speaker, not a simple majority -- meaning the magic number of votes that a candidate must get is 218.

Once Boehner resigns, the House will be unable to do anything until it elects a new speaker.

Boehner’s resignation is rare, but not unprecedented. The last speaker to resign in the middle of a Congress was Speaker Jim Wright, D-Texas who resigned in 1989 amid an ethics scandal.

Fox News’ Chad Pergram and FoxNews.com's Adam Shaw contributed to this report",1
2459,"Obama Slams Staples, Big Companies On Health Care: 'Shame On Them'","WASHINGTON, Feb 11 (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama singled out office supply giant Staples Inc as undercutting his healthcare reform law and said large corporations should not use the health insurance issue as an excuse for cutting wages, the news website BuzzFeed reported.

""It's one thing when you've got a mom-and-pop store who can't afford to provide paid sick leave or health insurance or minimum wage to workers  but when I hear large corporations that make billions of dollars in profits trying to blame our interest in providing health insurance as an excuse for cutting back workers' wages, shame on them,"" Obama said in an interview with BuzzFeed.

The Affordable Care Act requires companies with more than 50 employees to pay for health insurance for people who work 30 hours a week or more. Reuters has reported that some businesses are keeping staffing numbers below 50 or cutting the work week to less than 30 hours to avoid providing employee health insurance.

Staples, the No. 1 U.S. office supplies retailer, has told its employees not to work more than 25 hours per week, according to a Buzzfeed report on Monday.

""There is no reason for an employer who is not currently providing health care to their workers to discourage them from either getting health insurance on the job or being able to avail themselves of the Affordable Care Act,"" Obama said in the interview Tuesday.

""I haven't looked at Staples stock lately or what the compensation of the CEO is, but I suspect that they could well afford to treat their workers favorably and give them some basic financial security, and if they can't, then they should be willing to allow those workers to get the Affordable Care Act without cutting wages,"" Obama said.

Nearly 7.5 million people have signed up for 2015 Obamacare health plans through HealthCare.gov with demand increasing as the Feb. 15 enrollment deadline approaches, according to government figures.

Staples and No. 2 office retailer Office Depot Inc announced last week a $6.3 billion plan to join forces to compete against big box stores and online rivals. (Reporting by Doina Chiacu, Sruthi Ramakrishnan, Martin Howell; Writing by Doina Chiacu; Editing by W Simon)",1
3191,Poll: Las Vegas debate doesn't scramble GOP field,"Donald Trump still holds a wide lead over the rest of the field, earning the support of 39% in a Fox News poll released Friday . His closest competitor, Ted Cruz, has 18%, Marco Rubio is at 11% and Ben Carson checks in with 9%. The rest of the Republican field has 3% support or less.

The survey, fielded Wednesday and Thursday, largely syncs with other recent national surveys, showing Trump with a large double-digit lead over Cruz and the rest of the field lagging behind that quartet.

Compared to the last Fox poll, taken in the wake of the Paris terrorism attacks, Trump has surged 11 points. He has similarly gained in other national polls amid increased terrorism fears.

Trump has since called for banning all Muslims from entering the U.S., a policy that seven in 10 Republicans say they support.

Two-thirds of Republicans now say they see Trump as a serious candidate (65%), a reversal from June when nearly that many described Trump as a sideshow (64%) rather than a serious candidate. Despite his dominance in the GOP race, Trump lags 11 points behind Clinton in a hypothetical general election matchup. Other Republicans fare better against the Democratic front-runner, but still, 47% of GOP primary voters think Trump is their best shot to beat Clinton.",1
1149,"As Cruz Crushes Caucuses, GOP Establishment Needs a Drink And A Hug","Ted Cruz won more delegates than anyone else on Saturday night, further narrowing the race between Trump and Cruz, and weakening Marco Rubio as the race heads to Florida.

Ted Cruz crushed the Kansas and Maine caucuses on “Super Saturday” while Donald Trump narrowly won the Louisiana and Kentucky prizes. But perhaps the biggest news was Marco Rubio fading in the field to a distant third place, despite racking up major endorsements across the map.

Over the past six weeks, the GOP establishment has moved from denial to anger to bargaining in the stages of grief that have accompanied this outsider election. But with Rubio’s big fade, the Hail Mary of a brokered convention looks even less likely. And what’s left of the party’s center-right is heading for the next stage of depression. A hug and a drink are in order, as their party prepares to be wrested away from reform Republicans.

The Florida Republican—struggling to present himself as the establishment-friendly alternative to Donald Trump—had perhaps his worst night yet, racking up zero wins, and failing to even snag a second-place finish anywhere.

In fact, Rubio finished third in three of the four states contested on Saturday. And with just 8 percent, the Florida senator fell to fourth in Maine—failing to get the minimum 10 percent necessary to win any delegates.

“Marco has to get out of the race. Has to,” Trump said.

There’s now no question that Rubio’s decision to descend to Trump’s level of discourse has been a total failure. The attacks on the size of Trump’s hands, the jokes about him wetting himself, the “con artist” name-calling, have all fallen flat.

And the losses on Saturday could rob his campaign of desperately needed momentum. Rubio has repeatedly stated that he expects to win in his home state of Florida on March 15. And, of course, that’s technically possible. But he has yet to lead in a single public poll of the state. And he doesn’t want to talk about what he’ll do if Florida doesn’t work out.

The billionaire businessman, with the flair of a pro wrestler, said he hoped for a head-to-head match-up with Cruz.

If Rubio takes Trump’s advice, then some hot Cruz/Trump one-on-one action could be in our future. Best election ever.",1
2875,"In rush to reclaim Yemen, exiled leaders risk fracturing it","Holed up in Saudi Arabia, the inner circle of President Hadi is rallying tribal leaders to resist Houthi rebels who control much of Yemen. The risk is that if and when they regain power the central government will emerge with little authority.

Uber in court: Is it a digital service, or an unlicensed taxi company?

Uber in court: Is it a digital service, or an unlicensed taxi company?

From the gilded suites and granite lobby of a luxurious five-star hotel here, the remnants of Yemen’s embattled government sees a daily lineup of Yemeni tribal leaders, Western diplomats, and Saudi military commanders.

Over countless cups of bittersweet coffee and dates, and lobster and seafood dinners, Yemeni ministers calmly toss out phrases like “national dialogue” and “institution building” as they talk up their postwar political plans.

They lack the air of urgency or desperation of a government forced to take refuge with its powerful neighbor. To hear them tell it, they are a government poised to reclaim power from the Shiite Houthi militia and allied fighters that call the shots in much of their country.

But their blueprint for victory may contain the seeds of defeat for a unitary Yemeni state. As in Libya, the arming of local militia to oust a common enemy could make it even harder to restore central authority in the aftermath of a civil war.

Over the last two weeks, the UN-backed Yemeni President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi has been working feverously to patch together a broad coalition of Yemeni tribes backed by Arab military intervention against the Iranian-allied Houthis.

The result is a tribal coalition of some 70,000 fighters – and the pledge of a Saudi-Egyptian expeditionary force. Yemeni officials say they are preparing to retake the southern port city of Aden “within days,” and thence fight for control over the rest of Yemen.

“From day one, we have been building a coalition across all segments of Yemeni society to return the rule of law,” says Yasseen Makawi, a close aide to Hadi who has led several talks here with Yemeni tribal leaders. Hadi is currently in Riyadh, living under tight security.

“We will be in Aden soon to start the long fight,” Mr. Makawi says.

So far, the Saudi-led bombing campaign hasn’t stopped the advance of the Houthis, which are backed by military units loyal to former Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh. On Thursday, these forces captured Ataq, the provincial capital of oil-rich Shabwa province, after days of clashes followed by negotiations with local Sunni tribes, according to news reports.

For Hadi’s exiled government, the stakes are high. In order to win over the support of dozens of tribes in south and central Yemen, officials have agreed in future to devolve more government powers to the provinces and tribal regions, threatening the unity of a state that was only reunified in 1990.

Yemeni tribal leaders see the situation as an opportunity to press for greater autonomy – and perhaps independence.

“We are all for a democratic Yemen with greater powers in the hands of the people,” says Abdullah Kathiri, head of the largest tribe in Hadrawmout, a wealthy province in eastern Yemen who speaks openly about independence. “With this understanding, tribes across the country are now willing to rise up.”

Such ambitions speak to the centrifugal forces being unleashed in Yemen. Exiled officials concur that by arming and militarizing Sunni tribes across the country, they may create a “second Libya” where tribal militias roam unchallenged and refuse to answer to a weak central government.

“We do not want to place heavy arms into the hands of tribes and have them act outside the army,” says Transport Minister Badr Mubarak Ba-Salma, who has led talks with tribal representatives.

“We don’t want to finally rid ourselves of Ali Abdullah Saleh to find ourselves with dozens of more Ali Abdullah Salehs,” Mr. Ba-Salma adds, referring to the longtime ruler who stepped down in 2012. Hadi replaced him as president under a Saudi-backed transition that began to unravel last year.

In private, Hadi’s inner circle concedes it may be a drawn-out, year-long war against the better-armed Houthi militias and military units loyal to Saleh, which swiftly descended from their stronghold in the northern provinces of Saada and Amran to claim over 80 percent of Yemen’s territory.

The Houthis boast a fighting force of between 80,000 and 100,000, while forces loyal to Saleh number around 20,000, Yemeni government officials and observers say.

The Houthi-Saleh fighters boast superior firepower due to the fact that Saleh’s supporters include entire military units with fierce allegiances to their political and financial backer. Some of this equipment is a legacy of US military aid to Yemen during Saleh’s rule, which continued under Hadi’s government.

The Houthis control vital military installations outside Sanaa and warehouses of RPGs, tanks, and armor-piercing grenade and rocket launchers.

Given this superior firepower, the Hadi government’s strategy is to overcome the militias with greater manpower and urge tribal and political factions to rise up town by town, village by village against what many Yemenis view as Houthi “invaders”.

Six military councils – regional groupings of officers loyal to Hadi – have been tasked with coordinating with local tribal militias and the Saudi-led aerial campaign.

The councils have succeeded in fostering armed uprisings in Aden, as well Taiz in the oil-rich province of Marib. However, due to the disparity in arms and lack of cohesive units, the pro-government militias have failed to even secure Aden, where Hadi had declared a provisional government after fleeing Sanaa.

To recapture Aden, several hundred Egyptian and Saudi Arabian Special Forces are preparing to deploy in the port city. With fighting intensifying in Aden, Saudi and Yemeni official sources expect the operation ""within the next week.""

However, weary of being dragged into a protracted fight, Riyadh and Cairo have stopped short of committing ground troops to a wider war across Yemen.

“We are committed to liberating Aden and reinstalling the democratically-elected government, but that is all that is being discussed,” says a Saudi military liaison close to the operations.

Instead, the joint Arab force would be used with “surgical precision,” say government insiders, using force only to turn the tide in key battles in southern Yemen.

The Hadi government has also received little commitment from the US and its Western allies; officials say they left recent talks sessions with Western diplomats “frustrated” and “dismayed.”

“They want us to lead the war against terrorism and extremism in Yemen, but they are allowing our country to be overrun by terrorist groups,” says a cabinet minister who refused to be named due to the sensitivity of the issue.

The US has begun conducting aerial refueling of Saudi-led coalition warplanes. It has also vowed to speed up delivery of weapons to Saudi Arabia and other Gulf powers.

Should it regain a foothold in Yemen, Hadi’s government is bracing for perhaps the largest obstacle in restoring control: the north.

Despite rounds of marathon talks with northern tribal and political leaders in Riyadh, Hadi and his team have reportedly failed to find “ready and willing partners” to stand up to Saleh and Houthi forces on their own home turf.

“There are opponents to Saleh and the Houthis in the north, but they are afraid they are outmatched,” Ba-Salma says. “Only by breaking their military power, will we break the fear and see people in the north willing to stand up.”

In return for their participation, northern leaders want guarantees of greater power and influence for their region, which was an independent republic during 1962-90. It received a privileged status and government jobs during Saleh’s three decades in power.

The government has been non-committal so far on granting greater independence to the north beyond what it agreed in a national dialogue that ended two years ago. But it has agreed to permit it greater autonomy under the federal system.

Hadi is also trying to peel away Saleh loyalists who might defect to the government side in return for an amnesty. As an olive branch, Hadi officials have promised not to dissolve military units that defect or to cashier their officers. Instead, they say the military must be reconstituted as an internal security service.

“We don’t want to make the same mistakes in Iraq and turn thousands of Yemeni citizens into insurgents,” Mr. Makawi says. “We are prepared to include the supporters of Saleh as an integral part of a stable, federal Yemen state.”",1
1704,Clinton charities reportedly will refile tax returns due to foreign donation reporting errors,"Charities with ties to Hillary Clinton will re-file at least five tax returns after errors in how donations from foreign governments were disclosed, according to a published report.

Reuters reported early Thursday that the errors on form 990s include under-reporting or over-reporting by millions of dollars the amounts donated by foreign governments, as well as not disclosing the donations as separate from total revenue. Reuters also reported that officials may audit other returns filed by the Clinton Foundation as far back as 15 years ago in the event of more errors being found.

The report will likely add a new layer of scrutiny to the foundation, which has been criticized by Republicans and ethics experts for its ongoing ties to several foreign governments during the early stages of Hillary Clinton's run for the 2016 Democratic nomination.

According to Reuters, the discrepancies are not evidence of wrongdoing in and of themselves, but they do undermine the 990s purpose of holding charities accountable for their funding and expenditures.

For example, between 2010 and 2012, the Clinton Foundation claimed on tax forms that it had not received any money from either the U.S. or foreign governments. In fact, several foreign governments gave the foundation tens of millions of dollars, which was noted on the foundation's updating donor list.

In addition, Reuters reports the Clinton Health Access Initiative (CHAI) will re-file its Form 990s for 2012 and 2013 after failing to note government grants in a separate section from total revenue. CHAI had previously re-filed returns from 2010 and 2011 for over-reporting the amount received in government grants by over $100 million.

Hillary Clinton resigned from the Clinton Foundation's board earlier this month ahead of announcing her presidential candidacy, though her husband and daughter both remain directors.

Click for more from Reuters.",1
3479,Supreme Court’s political stench: Why John Roberts will obviously base his Obamacare decision on politics,"“To reject the government’s defense of the law,” Greenhouse writes, “the justices would have to suspend their own settled approach to statutory interpretation as well as their often-stated view of how Congress should act toward the states.” She then addresses the conservative justices who would take Obamacare’s soul: “If you do, and you proceed to destroy the Affordable Care Act nonetheless, you will have a great deal of explaining to do — not to me, but to history.”

Well, the conservative justices who comprise a 5-4 majority on the Supreme Court probably do not care that much for the warnings of Linda Greenhouse of the New York Times. As she well knows. They have their own history to make, after all, and that is a political one: gutting the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act while they have the chance. I would like to believe that they’re thinking about this in anything but political terms, but it’s doubtful, because they’re well-established political hacks. The Democratic and Republican parties understand that they’re political hacks, too, and it makes sense to play to that side of them.

The decision likely comes down to John Roberts, again. Roberts, much to the enmity of his fellow conservative justices, upheld the individual mandate in 2012. Even if he didn’t go full-hack, this was not a neutral, balls-and-strikes reading of the law from our self-styled umpire. It was a careful weighing of political considerations. He decided then that he wouldn’t join Scalia, Alito, Thomas and Kennedy in going out of his way to wipe the entire law from the books. That would be too abrupt. So he upheld the individual mandate, but only on the grounds of taxation and not the Commerce Clause, as a way to needle the administration. And he also gutted Medicaid as a sop to conservatives.

He may regret letting the Affordable Care Act live, and now he gets a second lick at the apple. That gutting Obamacare over this would “damage the court’s honor” is not very persuasive. It implies that there’s extant honor for it to lose. That train left the station when the court picked up this stupid case to begin with, if not much earlier.

A top concern for Roberts, then, might be the extent to which a ruling against the government in King v. Burwell would send the country’s healthcare system into chaos. This shouldn’t be a concern for a justice who’s deciding on the merits of a case, but it is. And it’s a political consideration: his court would more easily get away with an inept ruling if he knew there was a safety net. Convincing Roberts that there is no safety net, then, is a priority for the White House, and convincing him that there is — that everything will be hunky-dory if he just goes ahead and ruins Obamacare — is a top goal for the Republicans.

HHS Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell appeared before the Senate Finance Committee in what turned out to be a testy hearing yesterday. Republican senators repeatedly pressed her for details on what the administration’s backup plan is should the court eliminate subsidies for insurance plans bought on federally facilitated exchanges. Burwell repeatedly dodged, saying that her focus now is meeting targets for the open enrollment period. Sen. John Cornyn went so far as to suggest she was acting in contempt of Congress. Does the administration have a contingency plan? Have they thought about what they’d do? Well, yeah! And two former Bush HHS officials who spoke with the Hill seem to nail why Burwell and the administration are keeping their plans close to the chest now: because they don’t want to signal “weakness” to John Roberts. “Of course, they have one, they should all resign if they don’t,” said Tom Scully, an HHS official under former President George W. Bush. “And they certainly should not discuss it either.” Former HHS Secretary Michael Leavitt, who left office in 2009, agreed. He added that he isn’t surprised that senior officials would rather face a day of bad headlines than signal weakness to the Supreme Court. “If the court thought they had a plan, they might think, they felt like their case was weak,” Leavitt, who also served as governor of Utah, said in an interview. The GOP, of course, would love for the administration to signal weakness — all while they, the party that controls both chambers of Congress now, signal strength, comfort and reassurance. That’s why they’re putting effort into developing an “alternative” to Obamacare after all these years. It’s all to show John Roberts: go ahead, guy, we’ll take care of everything else. There’s no way that any of this should have any bearing on what John Roberts will decide, but it’s a reasonable bet that it will, and it makes perfect, cynical sense to appeal to John Roberts this way.",1
4809,A Complete Guide To Early And Absentee Voting,"For those who can't wait to get this election over with, there's good news — early voting is starting.

The bad news: That only applies to you if you live in one of 37 states that offer some kind of early voting (in person, absentee or by mail) without an excuse needed.

More than 1 in 3 people is expected to cast a ballot early this year. On Friday, voters in Minnesota and South Dakota can start turning in absentee ballots. On Saturday, they can do so in Vermont, and ballots will go out in New Jersey.

Voters have already had the chance to go to the polls in Wisconsin Rapids, Wis., which started holding early in-person voting Monday. (In Wisconsin, each municipality and county sets its early voting dates.)

Over the next three weeks, voters in a third of the country will already be able to vote.

Early voting could account for up to 34 percent of the vote this year, according to Michael McDonald, associate professor of political science at the University of Florida and founder of the Elections Project, which tracks turnout.

He predicts that voting methods such as in-person and all-mail ballots will become the future of exercising democracy. There are even states that operate without physical polling locations, relying solely on the mail during an election — Washington, Oregon and Colorado. And as Americans start to cast their tickets (some as early as September), those votes will carefully be dissected by both campaigns.

""Early votes will give us a good contour of who's enthused to show up to vote,"" McDonald explained.

When the absentee ballots begin to flow in, a campaign could spin the numbers in whatever direction it wants. But those reactions will most likely be overwrought. The Trump campaign could spin mail-in votes as an indicator of the polls being wrong (if they still show Clinton ahead), but that would likely be a false reading, McDonald said. That's because registered Republicans tend to vote by mail in bigger numbers than Democrats, and Democrats tend to use early in-person voting more often.

""Romney in 2012 put out records that he was crushing it in Ohio,"" McDonald said. ""They were saying the polls are wrong, look at how well he's doing there. Well, he lost Ohio.""

A point-in-time comparison is a better indicator of how well a candidate is doing in a certain state. By comparing the data and trends of early voting from previous election cycles, the campaigns will know if citizens are passionate enough about their platform to participate in voting — and if campaigns are hitting their marks.

""Early voters are people who have already made up their minds,"" McDonald said. ""Clinton and Trump supporters will vote right now, and it won't matter what happens until Election Day. They're well-educated and dedicated.""

This could be a component for each of the campaigns' successes or failures, especially in battleground states that allow early and no-excuse absentee ballot voting. Florida, for instance, saw almost 4 in 10 people vote early (20 percent early in-person, 19 percent absentee). Professor Paul Gronke of Reed College and founder of the Early Voting Information Center told NPR's Scott Simon that Florida could see an even bigger early vote turnout this year.

Early voting could also be a factor in Ohio and North Carolina.

""This is going to change the dynamics in those states, so that you will expect to see early rallies timed when the early voting period opens up,"" Gronke said, adding that ""the candidates' travel schedule will reflect this because they want to follow up that kind of enthusiasm and get people to the polls right away.""

It's not clear how the feelings toward these candidates will affect early voting. Partisan divisions are at their highest levels in decades, and although both candidates hold record-low favorability ratings, Clinton and Trump supporters tend to be pretty adamant about their candidate of choice.

The earliest movement for absentee voting began during the Civil War. Soldiers on both sides wanted to cast their ballots in the 1864 election. Several state legislators hashed out the details: How would the votes be cast? How would voter fraud and coercion votes be curtailed? And how would the votes be delivered?

Despite these sizable challenges, 25 Union states passed some form of absentee voting for soldiers battling in the muddy and bloody trenches.

""Some say Abraham Lincoln might not have been elected if they weren't allowed to vote,"" McDonald said.

Since then, the absentee ballot has evolved to include the sick and the elderly, business people who frequently travel and others who can provide valid reasons for being out of state, like students in college in a different state. There are currently 27 states and the District of Columbia that do not require any reason to request an absentee ballot.

By the 1990s, many states took up early in-person voting measures, which allowed individuals to cast their ballots at a polling location during a specific period of time before Election Day.

""The only way we can lose, in my opinion — I really mean this — in Pennsylvania, is if cheating goes on,"" Trump said at a campaign event in Altoona, Pa. ""I hope you people can sort of not just vote on the 8th, go around and look and watch other polling places, and make sure that it's 100 percent fine.""

But, according to McDonald, the chances of voter fraud occurring at polling locations is slim.

""If we look at the weakness in the election system,"" McDonald said, ""it's not at the polling places. There is impression fraud, but it's so rare.""

So rare, in fact, that there were only about 31 separate incidents of possible voter fraud since 2000, based on data collected by Justin Levitt, a professor at Loyola Law School. This includes general, primary, special and municipal elections from 2000 to 2014.

To put that in perspective, there were 1 billion ballots cast in the general and primary elections during that time. That's 0.000000031 percent.

Some of these incidents may not have been an attempt to actually participate in voter fraud, but could have resulted in data entry errors, a mix-up of matching different people with the same name — or someone accidentally signing in as the wrong person in a poll book.

However, there is a bigger risk of voter fraud when it comes to absentee and mail-in ballots, McDonald pointed out.

""Again, this is small, not a huge problem,"" he noted. ""Local elections are the most vulnerable, not presidential elections.""

There were 491 cases of absentee ballot fraud from 2000 to 2012, according to an analysis by News21. If broken down, that's about 80 cases every two years.

There are also checks to confirm the authenticity of these ballots. Certain states require people pick up a ballot in person with a valid ID. All absentee and mail-in ballots require a signature that is cross-verified against the voter's voter-registration signature. Any signatures that look suspicious are thrown out.

While voter fraud is one issue, another is whether mail-in ballots are filled out and returned correctly.

""Where most people make a mistake is through the mail,"" McDonald said. ""They won't sign the privacy envelope. People try to save the election board money by putting two ballots in one envelope, but they have to throw that away. It's vital for people to follow the mail procedures accurately.""

Vote by mail: Washington state switched to an entirely vote-by-mail system in 2011. Officials noticed that by 1996, more than half of voters were casting their ballots through the mail. It didn't make economic sense for the state to keep its polling places open.

The Internet: It's already being used for military members and certain citizens who live outside the country under the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act. In addition to the ability to return a mail-in ballot (which may be limited to military members who are serving in remote locations), electronic ballot transmission is another option.

How it works, per McDonald: Voters request electronic delivery of the ballot, either by email or by a secured website where the ballot may be downloaded. The voter then prints out the ballot, completes it and signs it. Now, if the state permits electronic ballot return, the voter will scan the completed ballot and send it either by email or by uploading it to the secured website.

If the state does not allow electronic ballot transmission, the voter must print out and assemble a privacy envelope to deliver the ballot, which McDonald said officials call the ""origami project."" When officials receive the ballot, they check the signature against the one on file with the voter's voter-registration application.

This option is only available for uniformed military (stationed both abroad and domestically) and overseas citizens through the voting act. However, Alaska was the first state to extend the electronic ballot delivery and return option to everyone.

""It starts in the military and goes down to the general public,"" McDonald said. ""That's usually how this stuff happens.""

That seemed to be the case with absentee voting and the Civil War. ""I believe more states will follow Alaska's lead to expand ballot electronic delivery and return in the future,"" McDonald said.

But don't expect the transition to occur anytime soon. With the recent hack in Arizona and Illinois voter registration databases and the Democratic National Committee's computer system, tackling the challenges of cybersecurity will likely take precedence over convenience.

When can people start voting? (In-person or absentee drop-off without an excuse)

Sept. 19 – Wisconsin Rapids, Wis. (town holding earliest voting in Wisconsin, where early voting is set by municipalities and counties)

Sept. 24 – New Jersey (mail-in ballots sent out), Vermont (until Nov. 7)

Sept. 29 – Illinois (goes until Nov. 7), Iowa, North Dakota (ballots mailed; due by Nov. 7), Wyoming (until Nov. 7)

Oct. 10 – Los Angeles County, Calif. (early voting is set by counties/municipalities. LA County has earliest — until Nov. 7), Maine (until Nov. 7), Montana (absentee ballots set to be available; can be turned in in person), Nebraska (until Nov. 7)

Oct. 19 – Kansas (counties can set earlier dates, goes until Nov. 7), Oregon (most voting is by mail — ballots mailed out, can be dropped off same day), Tennessee (until Nov. 3)

Oct. 21 – Washington state (ballots go out that day and can be dropped off)

Oct. 22 – D.C. (at Judiciary Square, until Nov. 7), Nevada, New Mexico (in person)

Oct. 24 – Alaska (until Nov. 7), Arkansas (until Nov. 7), Colorado (until Nov. 7; ballots mailed out Oct. 17), Idaho (this is the last day a municipality can begin early voting; goes until Nov. 4), Massachusetts (goes until Nov. 4), North Dakota (until Nov. 7), Texas (until Nov. 4)

Oct. 25 – Hawaii (until Nov. 5), Louisiana (until Nov. 1), Utah (until Nov. 4)

States without no-excuse early voting: Alabama, Connecticut, Delaware, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, New Hampshire, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Virginia",1
3379,Reported two-month gap in Clinton emails coincides with escalating Libya violence,"A reported two-month gap in emails from Hillary Clinton's private account during 2012 coincides with a period of escalating violence in Libya and the obtaining of a special exemption by her top aide, Huma Abedin, to work for both the State Department and the Clinton Foundation.

The Daily Beast reported late Tuesday that no emails between Clinton and her State Department staff for the months of May and June 2012 are among the estimated 2,000 messages that have been released from the Democratic presidential frontrunner's account.

A State Department spokesman told The Daily Beast that only emails related to the security of U.S. diplomats in Libya or the consulate in Benghazi were turned over to the House select committee investigating the deadly Sept. 11, 2012 attack. If true, that means neither Clinton nor her staff communicated via e-mail during a period that saw three attacks on international outposts in Benghazi, including one on the consulate itself.

That attack, on June 6, 2012, involved the detonation of an improvised explosive device outside of the consulate, prompting the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli to warn Americans about the ""fluid security situation in Libya."" Ambassador Chris Stevens, who was killed along with three others in the Sept. 11 attack, warned his superiors that ""Islamic extremism appears to be on the rise in eastern Libya.""

Two weeks earlier, on May 22, the International Red Cross office was hit by rocket-propelled grenades. Five days after the consulate bombing, a convoy carrying Britain's ambassador to Libya was attacked with rocket-propelled grenades, injuring two bodyguards.

The State Department plans to release Clinton's emails on a regular, monthly basis through January 2016 to comply with an order by a federal judge. The next release is tentatively scheduled for Friday. Clinton campaign spokesman Nick Merrill released a statement saying ""More emails are slated to be released by the State Department next week, and we hope that release is as inclusive as possible

The Daily Beast reports that the Benghazi committee has only received one e-mail dating from the two-month period. The message in question was sent in June 2012 by longtime Clinton confidant Sidney Blumenthal and dealt mainly with his business interests in Libya. Security threats to the U.S. diplomatic presence were not mentioned.

Another issue raised by the e-mail gap is the status of Abedin, a longtime aide to Clinton and the wife of former New York congressman and mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner. The Daily Beast reports that on June 3, Abedin was granted ""special government employee"" status, allowing her to remain employed by the State Department, the Clinton Foundation, a consulting firm founded by a Clinton ally, and by Hillary herself. The ""special government employee"" designation prevented Abedin from being subject to some ethics rules.

On Tuesday, the Daily Beast reported that State Department lawyers identified 68 pages of ""potentially responsive"" documents in response to a 2013 Freedom of Information Act request by the Associated Press for details about how Abedin obtained her special employee status. That was the first time the department acknowledged having any documentation about Abedin's arrangement.

Meanwhile Tuesday, Republicans on the House Benghazi committee insisted there was no agreement with Clinton over her possible appearance before the panel, despite an announcement by her campaign that she would testify Oct. 22. Federal investigators said last week they have alerted the Justice Department to a potential compromise of classified information arising from Clinton's private email server.

A memo signed by the inspector general of the intelligence community said the IG's office had identified ""potentially hundreds of classified emails"" among the 30,000 that Clinton had provided to the State Department and that are now being processed for public release. None of the emails was marked as classified at the time they were sent or received, but some should have been handled as such and sent on a secure computer network, according to a letter to congressional oversight committees from I. Charles McCullough III, the inspector general for a collection of executive branch agencies that work on intelligence.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click for more from The Daily Beast.",1
595,"Koch-backed network aims to spend nearly $1 billion ahead of 2016 elections, may engage in GOP primaries","— A network of conservative advocacy groups backed by Charles and David Koch aims to spend a staggering $889 million in advance of the next White House election, part of an expansive strategy to build on its 2014 victories that may involve jumping into the Republican primaries.

The massive financial goal was revealed to donors here Monday during an annual winter meeting hosted by Freedom Partners, the tax-exempt business lobby that serves as the hub of the Koch-backed political operation, according to an attendee. The amount is more than double the $407 million that 17 allied groups in the network raised during the 2012 campaign.

The figure comes close to the $1 billion that each of the two major parties’ presidential nominees are expected to spend in 2016, and it cements the network’s standing as one of the country’s most potent political forces. With its resources and capabilities — including a national field operation and cutting-edge technology — it is challenging the primacy of the official parties. In the 2012 elections, the Republican National Committee spent $404 million, while the Democratic National Committee shelled out $319 million.

The new $889 million goal reflects the anticipated budgets of all the allied groups that the network funds. Those resources will go into field operations, new data-driven technology and policy work, among other projects, along with likely media campaigns aimed at shaping the congressional and White House elections.

The group — which is supported by hundreds of wealthy donors on the right, along with the Kochs — is still debating whether it will spend some of that money in the GOP primaries. Such a move could have a major impact in winnowing the field of contenders, but could also undercut the network’s standing if it engaged in intraparty politics and was not successful.

The three-day conference was held at a luxury resort perched on a rocky hillside near Palm Springs, Calif., with stunning views of the palm-tree-speckled desert floor below. The event drew 450 attendees, a record number, as well as the largest number of first-time contributors to the network.

Saturday’s opening dinner, held on the resort’s wide lawn under strings of twinkling lights, celebrated a crop of new U.S. senators whose victories helped put the Senate back in GOP control. Their bids were lifted by the Freedom Partners network, which had pledged to spend close to $300 million in the run-up to the November elections.

Sens. Steve Daines (Mont.), Joni Ernst (Iowa), Tom Cotton (Ark.), Thom Tillis (N.C.), David Perdue (Ga.) and Cory Gardner (Colo.) were on hand to thank donors, according to people familiar with the event.

But much of the weekend was spent looking ahead to 2016.

Freedom Partners President Marc Short said in an interview that “2014 was nice, but there’s a long way to go,” noting that the group’s ultimate goal is to make free-market ideals central in American society. “Politics is a necessary means to that end,” he said, but not the only one.

Much of the conclave served as an information-gathering exercise for network officials, who are assessing whether financiers will coalesce around a single candidate in the GOP presidential contest. At this point, some contributors have said they have little interest in putting money into a bloody internal fight, and many others are not yet set on a candidate.

Few here suggested they would support 2012 nominee Mitt Romney, who is considering another run in 2016. Among the favorites are Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, former Florida governor Jeb Bush, Sen. Marco Rubio (Fla.) and Sen. Rand Paul (Ky.).

“It’s not as if there’s one perfect champion and five bad individuals,” said one person familiar with donors’ views, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to share private conversations.

The Kochs’ moves are being carefully watched by operatives throughout the party, who are well aware of how the brothers could alter the trajectory of the race if they took sides in the primaries.

“It’s not like a Chicago political boss where Charles would say, ‘We’re all for this guy,’ ” said conservative activist Grover Norquist, who has attended past Koch donor seminars. “But if he said, ‘I really like this guy’ and did an op-ed, it would matter.”

The network’s influence was underlined by the number of prospective 2016 contenders who flocked to Rancho Mirage to mingle with the deep-pocketed crowd. Walker arrived Saturday from Iowa, after addressing conservative activists at a forum in Des Moines. That night, over an al fresco dinner of filet mignon, the Wisconsin governor thanked the Freedom Partners donors for their past support and touted his efforts to curb state spending.

Sunday night, Paul, Rubio and Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.) were on hand to participate in a panel about the economy and foreign policy moderated by ABC’s Jonathan Karl.

The three senators aimed some of their comments at the business leaders in the audience, touting their support for cutting taxes and regulations, and dismissed a question about whether wealthy donors have too much influence on politics.

“There are a bunch of Democrats who have taken as their talking points that the Koch brothers are the nexus of all evil in the world,” said Cruz, calling that thinking “grotesque and offensive.”

“I don’t know a single person in this room who has ever been to my office . . . asking from government any special access,” Rubio added. “By and large what they want is to be left alone.”

The panel was available to news organizations via a live Web stream, part of a new posture of openness embraced by the usually private organization. For the first time, Freedom Partners shared details about the donor conclave, including excerpts of Charles Koch’s welcoming remarks.

Still, some critics scoffed at the idea that the group was being transparent. On Saturday, a handful of protesters stood at the base of the curving driveway that leads up to the resort, waving a large American flag and holding signs denouncing the Kochs.

“They claim they’re being more open,” said Tracy Turner, a 49-year-old retiree from Palm Springs, noting that the news media was barred from the event. “Clearly, that’s not the case. They’re scripting it very carefully.”

Started by Charles Koch in 2003 and originally hosted by Koch Industries, the twice-a-year donor seminars are now sponsored by Freedom Partners.

The network has evolved into a sophisticated political operation that mirrors those of the official parties. Along with its main political advocacy arm, Americans for Prosperity, the network finances groups such as Concerned Veterans for America, the Libre Initiative and Generation Opportunity. Last year, it added a super PAC to its arsenal, but most of the allied groups are nonprofits that do not disclose their donors.

Network officials used the conference to lay out ambitious goals to promote free-market principles in government, business and the media. There were also frank assessments of what they need to do to refine their tactics.

One area seen as a major improvement over 2012 was how the network uses data to improve its voter outreach. Another major 2014 investment — expanding a national field organization — was also viewed as promising, but officials believe it will take time to make it more effective.

In the coming year, allied groups in the network will put a renewed focus on the issue of “crony capitalism” and will pressure Democrats and Republicans alike on issues such as tax-code reform and the Export-Import Bank, according to people familiar with the plans.

Denver investor John Saeman, a veteran cable executive who has been a longtime supporter of the network, described the mood as “measured.”

“It’s very much of staying the course,” he said during a break between sessions. “This is a battle for hearts and minds.”

In his speech Saturday night, Charles Koch exhorted his fellow donors to deepen their commitment.

“It is up to us,” he said. “Making this vision a reality will require more than a financial commitment. It requires making it a central part of our lives.”",1
3473,Obamacare threatens John Roberts’s dream of a nonpartisan Supreme Court,"The first time the Affordable Care Act came before the Supreme Court, its constitutional foundation under attack, John G. Roberts Jr. was its unlikely savior. In a spectacular display of spot-welding, the chief justice joined fellow conservatives on some points and brought liberals on board for others. Roberts was the only member of the court to endorse the entire jerry-rigged thing, and even he made sure to distance himself from the substance of the law. (“It is,” he wrote, “not our job to protect the people from the consequences of their political choices.”) Still, his efforts rescued President Obama’s signature achievement on grounds that many had dismissed as an afterthought.

As long as Justice Anthony M. Kennedy is on the court, he will most often be the decider when the justices split along their familiar ideological fault lines. But, slowly and quietly, Roberts is the one trying to build its legacy. He sees it as somehow exempt from the partisan fugue that long ago enveloped Washington. Justice Stephen G. Breyer has worried that the public might see him and his colleagues as “nine junior-varsity politicians”; public approval of the Supreme Court is falling. But while all of the justices bristle at the notion of a political court, the eponymous head of the Roberts court has the most to lose. After all, its decisions cannot be respected if the court is not respected. “It is a very serious threat to the independence and integrity of the courts to politicize them,” Roberts said at his 2005 confirmation hearings.

Roberts, 60, jokes about the “odd historical quirk” that gives the chief justice only one vote. But he has learned to use the tools that come with the job: He shapes the discussion at conference; he writes the court’s opinion, or assigns it strategically, when he is in the majority; he’s happy to settle for nonthreatening, incremental changes that may bloom later into something more. And last term, what Roberts has described as the chief justice’s “particular obligation to try to achieve consensus” paid off. The share of unanimous decisions soared to 66 percent, a level not seen since the 1940s. The share of 5-to-4 decisions, high during Roberts’s tenure compared with those of other chief justices, fell to 14 percent, the lowest since he joined the court.

And then here comes Obamacare II. In King v. Burwell , to be argued Wednesday, plaintiffs say the text of the law must be interpreted in a way that would neuter it, canceling health insurance subsidies for about 7.5 million Americans in at least 34 states. Can Roberts’s portrayal of the Supreme Court as above politics survive another round with the most partisan issue of the decade?

Roberts, of course, has not ceased to be a conservative. Before Obamacare — or since — it’s hard to think of a case in which he has not voted the way conservative activists had hoped when they recommended him to President George W. Bush. The Roberts court has been described as the most pro-business in history. Its liberals complain that consumers are on a losing streak and that the court has imposed new roadblocks for those trying to prove discrimination.

And when the issue is important to the chief justice, or when there seems to be no chance for compromise, he has been decisive. In a suite of cases, for instance, the court has systematically dismantled campaign finance restrictions, calling them hostile to free speech rights — Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission being the most famous of several 5-to-4 votes. Roberts wrote the majority opinion in the most recent, which featured the Republican National Committee as a plaintiff.

He has also forcefully opposed the government’s use of racial classifications, and he wrote to strike down a key provision of the Voting Rights Act. Roberts, unlike Kennedy or even Justice Antonin Scalia, had never been the lone conservative to join the court’s liberals to make a majority in a major case — until the Affordable Care Act.

Yet chief justices tend not to see the court as a vehicle for advancing their unadulterated ideas. A transformation came over Roberts’s predecessor and mentor, William H. Rehnquist, after becoming chief. As an associate justice, Rehnquist wrote so many solo dissents that his clerks awarded him a Lone Ranger doll. But like chief justices before him, in his new role he felt a responsibility to guard the court’s precedents and image. The most famous example is his metamorphosis on the Miranda rule, requiring police officers to read suspects their rights. For years, Rehnquist had denounced the rule as constitutionally unsound. But after his ascent he voted to uphold it, saying the warnings “have become part of our national culture.”

Roberts came to the court as chief, so there is no similar evolution to judge. But those who know him say his vision of the responsibilities of the chief is paramount. “Associate Justice Roberts would be much closer to Scalia than Chief Justice Roberts is in terms of their approach to cases,” says one lawyer, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he argues Supreme Court cases. Anticipating this approach, Roberts pledged himself to the principle of stare decisis at his confirmation hearings and preached a gospel of judicial modesty, saying he came with “no agenda.”

While he can’t change Washington’s partisan warfare, Roberts does what he can to avoid becoming a weapon in it, those who know him say. Unlike his colleagues, he does not give interviews. He avoids partisan gatherings such as the Federalist Society’s annual gala (where Scalia and Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel A. Alito Jr. take turns providing the after-dinner remarks) or the American Constitution Society (where Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor have been honored). Even the bipartisan Gridiron Dinner, where the nation’s political elite gather for gentle roasts, may have proved too much for Roberts: There’s always a seat at the head table for the chief justice of the United States, but this one hasn’t attended since 2009.

His protection of the court’s image extends to his colleagues. In the first Affordable Care Act case, conservative activists and pols demanded that Justice Elena Kagan recuse herself because of her work as Obama’s solicitor general, while liberal groups called for Thomas to step aside because his wife is a prominent conservative activist. Roberts, without specifically mentioning either, tried to shut down those complaints in his annual “state of the judiciary” report that year. “I have complete confidence in the capability of my colleagues to determine when recusal is warranted,” he wrote. “They are jurists of exceptional integrity and experience whose character and fitness have been examined through a rigorous appointment and confirmation process.”

But the consensus compulsion is clearest when the court issues narrow opinions. With Obamacare, for instance, Roberts bobbed and weaved, agreeing with conservatives that Congress had exceeded its power to regulate interstate commerce but also siding with liberals to save the individual mandate by calling it a tax. In the last term, narrow rulings made it possible for the court to unite, at least on the bottom line, in striking down abortion-clinic buffer zones in Massachusetts and rejecting efforts to restrict class-action suits alleging security fraud.

His efforts are not universally revered. “John Roberts, Thy Name Is Traitor,” one conservative news site blared after the Obamacare decision. Glenn Beck offered T-shirts with Roberts’s smiling face and the word “COWARD” underneath. John Yoo, a former Justice Department official in the George W. Bush administration, wrote that this coming week’s challenge gives Roberts a chance to “atone.” Scalia, a frequent Roberts ally, once mocked Roberts’s “faux judicial modesty.” And in last term’s case on the buffer zones, he dismissed the chief’s majority opinion as “Something for Everyone.”

Roberts insists that the nation’s poisonous political climate, rather than anything the justices have done, is to blame for damage to the court’s reputation. But he lives in a universe with a gridlocked Congress, a combative president who calls out the court at his State of the Union address and colleagues identified as often by party affiliation as by their judicial philosophies. “Today’s partisan split, while unprecedented, is likely enduring,” says a study of the court by professors Neal Devins of William & Mary and Lawrence Baum of Ohio State. “A five-member Democratic Court will reach sets of decisions that are quite different from those of a five-member Republican Court.”

Perhaps then political tensions are simply inescapable. But paradoxically, the court is hard to characterize precisely because of its close balance. The Roberts court has found rights for Guantanamo detainees; ruled that the Second Amendment secures an individual right to keep guns; handed gay rights activists some of their most important victories; drastically cut back on the ability of legislatures to restrict campaign contributions; and narrowed the options for punishing juvenile defendants. Alternating liberal and conservative victories on this term’s two most important cases — gay marriage and health care — offer similar chances for “balance” when the justices complete their work this June.

The court’s conflicting messages usually depend on Kennedy siding either with the conservative justices or the liberal ones. But about two-thirds of the time, the Reagan appointee finds his natural home on the right. And while such snapshots can be misleading, in the last term Roberts agreed with Kennedy more than any other justice did. Kennedy was on the winning side in more opinions than any of his colleagues; Roberts was right behind.

This hardly means that either side sees the court as a neutral arbiter. Most liberal analysts praised Roberts’s first Obamacare decision, but some forecast that his reasoning would be used to secure conservative victories in the future. Others speculated that it gave Roberts “cover” to move on to issues about which he felt more strongly. They felt vindicated a year later when he sided with his conservative colleagues and wrote the 5-to-4 opinion striking down a crucial component of the Voting Rights Act.

Roberts appears to know this. At an appearance at the University of Nebraska law school last fall, he talked about how gridlock between Obama and congressional Republicans means collateral damage for the nine justices, too. “I don’t want it to spill over and affect us,” he said. “We are not Democrats and Republicans in how we go about it, and in nine years I’ve never seen any political issue like that arise between us.” He worried that the near-party-line confirmation of “somebody as eminently qualified as our newest member,” Kagan, could suggest that people perceive the court, too, as a political body.

It is a perception that, despite Roberts’s zealous labors, the court could soon reinforce, at least on the left. “A 5-to-4 decision invalidating the premium tax credits” in King v. Burwell “would seriously call into question the legitimacy of the court,” Tim Jost, a Washington and Lee University law professor and health-care expert, said in a video distributed by the liberal Center for American Progress. “I think it’s going to be [decided] pretty transparently for political reasons.”

Follow our updates on Facebook and Twitter.",1
3286,Obama's Trade Agenda Clears Key Senate Hurdle,"WASHINGTON — President Barack Obama's trade agenda has cleared a key Senate hurdle to move toward a final vote.

The Senate has topped the 60 votes needed to begin substantive action on Obama's bid for ""fast track"" negotiating authority. The vote was 62-38.

Obama says fast track authority will improve prospects for a trade treaty with 11 other Pacific-rim nations.

Labor unions and other groups vital to Democrats strongly oppose Obama's trade agenda. They say free-trade deals cost U.S. jobs.

Obama says U.S. producers need broader access to foreign markets.",1
3984,Fighting ISIS will be a long war,"Aaron David Miller is a vice president and distinguished scholar at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars and author of ""The End of Greatness: Why America Can't Have (and Doesn't Want) Another Great President."" Miller, a Middle East negotiator in Democratic and Republican administrations, discusses the Paris attacks in this Wilson Center video . Follow him on Twitter @aarondmiller2 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.

(CNN) Anyone hoping that the Paris attacks will somehow transform the fight against global jihad and produce a quick and definitive defeat for the bad guys and victory for the good ought to take a deep breath.

We must take advantage of the Paris carnage to mobilize international and regional allies in the fight; but we should have no illusions it will produce quick or even lasting victories.

Even if the Paris attacks turn out to be transformative event; they're likely to represent another turn in the very long war against global jihad. Here are six reasons why.

• It's a long war because 15 years after 9/11 and decades after Islamic suicide terror made its Middle Eastern debut in Lebanon with Hezbollah attacks against U.S. Marines and embassies, we're still fighting it. The dismantling of al Qaeda central and the killing of Osama bin Laden hasn't ended the threat; it has morphed and evolved into other groups such as ISIS, Khorasan and al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula.

• It's the long war because as necessary and vital as military airstrikes are, they can't provide the definitive answer to the problem. Indeed, 9/11 resulted in the two longest wars in American history and partly helped to create the situation we face today. Massive airstrikes and deployment of thousands of ground forces without securing an end state that ensures coherent and stable governance will not address the underlying conditions on which the jihadis feed. In fact, the budding grand alliance (France, the U.S. and Russia) will be perceived by radical Muslims as a war between the Christian West and Islam and will only feed jihadi propaganda and even boost recruitment.

• It's a long war because key Arab states are melting down. In Libya, Yemen, Syria and Iraq there is neither good, stable nor coherent governance. Instead, you have large and empty and ungovernable spaces; sectarian tensions between Sunnis and Shia empowering transnational actors willing and able to fill the vacuum. Even in a country like Egypt, we now see a home-grown insurgency affiliated with the Islamic State that has already destroyed a Russian commercial airliner. Even if the Syrian civil war ended, the jihadi insurgency would continue feeding on local grievances; Indeed, paradoxically you might see a surge of foreign fighters flocking to Egypt to continue the struggle.

It's the long war because the West cannot win the fight against radical Islam until the Muslim majority begins to confront and deal with the cancer of the extremist ideology within its midst. The West continues to infantilize Muslims by somehow assuming that the war against the jihadis can be won with the great powers taking the lead role. ""Where is the panel... on the Sunday talk shows where you have Muslim leaders alongside Western leaders to talk about how they're going to conquer this problem,"" The West continues to infantilize Muslims by somehow assuming that the war against the jihadis can be won with the great powers taking the lead role. ""Where is the panel... on the Sunday talk shows where you have Muslim leaders alongside Western leaders to talk about how they're going to conquer this problem,"" asked Princeton Professor Amaney A. Jamal. Instead, we get Westerners talking at Muslims about how to resolve their problems. Indeed, Islam needs reform by Muslim reformers who can offer an alternative vision to counter the one the jihadis are peddling; and leaders of these countries need to engage in political and economic reform to eliminate the grievances on which the jihadis feed.

• It's the long war because ISIS has jumped borders and morphed into an idea as well as a physical movement or proto terror state. And that idea can inspire the disenchanted, alienated and aggrieved and create a sense of aspiration -- violent though it may be -- in otherwise purposeless lives. Europe is a fertile breeding ground -- 20 million Muslims out of 1.4 billion; and fully a fifth of the recruits to ISIS hail from European lands. European security services are overwhelmed with the challenge of tracking and preempting terror attacks and will continue to be.

And it may be a longer war, unless we start describing accurately the nature of the challenge we face. Sure this is violent, extremism producing heinous acts as both President Barack Obama and Secretary John Kerry have said. But it's also a particularly vicious kind of terror. It's driven by a global jihad of radical and extremist Muslims who draw on actual and perversions of Islamic texts to kill Muslims and non-Muslims in an effort to impose their twisted vision of the world. We need to delegitimize the radicals and also be careful with our words so that we don't alienate the vast majority of the world's Muslims who despise what a minority does in its name. John Kerry's Sure this is violent, extremism producing heinous acts as both President Barack Obama and Secretary John Kerry have said. But it's also a particularly vicious kind of terror. It's driven by a global jihad of radical and extremist Muslims who draw on actual and perversions of Islamic texts to kill Muslims and non-Muslims in an effort to impose their twisted vision of the world. We need to delegitimize the radicals and also be careful with our words so that we don't alienate the vast majority of the world's Muslims who despise what a minority does in its name. John Kerry's recent comments seemingly drawing an understandable distinction between the Charlie Hebdo terror attacks and those in Paris are just the kind of stumble we need to avoid.

The global jihad cannot destroy Europe, America, Western civilization or fundamentally alter the contours of history. Global jihad is driven by a vicious, fascist ideology that can cause terrible suffering and destruction. And should these groups gain access to chemical or biological weapons, we'd face a catastrophe.

Still, the Council on Foreign Relations' Micah Zenko notes that ""terrorism represents only a small fraction of overall violent deaths. The annual number of violent deaths worldwide is 508,000, according to the ""Global Burden of Armed Violence 2015: Every Body Counts"" report. In other words, less than 7% of violent deaths are a result of acts of terrorism. Compare the 32,727 terrorist fatalities to the estimated 377,000 people who were killed, collectively, in interpersonal violence, gang violence or economically motived crimes."" Some 63% of all attacks occurred in just six countries: Iraq, Pakistan, Afghanistan, India, Nigeria and Syria.

This isn't yet a World War II-level scourge, even though the challenge of global jihad may well be the most critical national security challenge we face today. But, sadly, unlike the Second World War, this conflict will be far longer. We need to prepare for what promises to be the long war of the 21st century.",1
1268,Hillary Clinton's worst nightmare: Hint -- it's not Bernie Sanders,"Hillary Clinton’s nightmare is not the sudden resurgence of Bernie Sanders. It is the fidelity to the rule of law of the FBI.

The recent revelations of the receipt by Clinton of a Special Access Program email, as well as cut and pasted summaries of state secrets on her server and on her BlackBerry nearly guarantee that the FBI will recommend that the Department of Justice convene a grand jury and seek her indictment for espionage. Here is the backstory.

It seems that every week, more information comes to light about Clinton’s grave legal woes. Her worries are in two broad categories: One is her well-documented failure to safeguard state secrets and the other is her probable use of her position as secretary of state to advance financially her husband’s charitable foundation. The FBI is currently and aggressively investigating both. What I will describe below is in the state secrets category. It is apparently not new to the FBI, but it is new to the public.

Among the data that the FBI either found on the Clinton server or acquired from the State Department via its responses to Freedom of Information Act requests is a top-secret email that has been denominated Special Access Program. Top secret is the highest category of state secrets (the other categories are confidential and secret), and of the sub-parts of top secret, SAP is the most sensitive.

SAP is clothed in such secrecy that it cannot be received or opened accidentally. Clinton -- who ensured all of her governmental emails came to her through her husband’s server, a nonsecure nongovernmental venue -- could only have received or viewed it from that server after inputting certain codes. Those codes change at unscheduled times, such that she would need to inquire of them before inputting them.

The presence of the SAP-denominated email on her husband’s server, whether opened or not, shows a criminal indifference to her lawful obligation to maintain safely all state secrets entrusted to her care. Yet, Clinton has suggested that she is hopelessly digitally inept and may not have known what she was doing. This constitutes an attempted plausible deniability to the charge of failing to safeguard state secrets.

But in this sensitive area of the law, plausible deniability is not an available defense; no judge would permit the assertion of it in legal filings or in a courtroom, and no lawyer would permit a client to make the assertion.

This is so for two reasons. First, failure to safeguard state secrets is a crime for which the government need not prove intent. The failure can be done negligently. Thus, plausible deniability is actually an admission of negligence and, hence in this case, an admission of guilt, not a denial.

Second, Clinton signed an oath under penalty of perjury on Jan. 22, 2009, her first full day as secretary of state. In that oath, she acknowledged that she had received a full FBI briefing on the lawfully required care and keeping of state secrets. Her briefing and her oath specified that the obligation to safeguard state secrets is absolute -- it cannot be avoided or evaded by forgetfulness or any other form of negligence, and that negligence can bring prosecution.

What type of data is typically protected by the SAP denomination? The most sensitive under the sun -- such as the names of moles (spies working for more than one government) and their American handlers, the existence of black ops (illegal programs that the U.S. government carries out, of which it will deny knowledge if exposed), codes needed to access state secrets and ongoing intelligence gathering projects.

The crime here occurs when SAPs are exposed by residing in a nonsecure venue; it does not matter for prosecution purposes whether they fell into the wrong hands.

Clinton’s persistent mocking of the seriousness of all this is the moral equivalent of taunting alligators before crossing a stream. SAPs are so sensitive that most of the FBI agents who are investigating Clinton lack the security clearances needed to view the SAP found among her emails. Most FBI agents have never seen a SAP.

Shortly after the presence of the SAP-denominated email was made known, the State Department released another email Clinton failed to erase wherein she instructed her subordinates to take state secrets from a secure venue, to cut and paste and summarize them, and send them to her on her nonsecure venue. Such an endeavor, if carried out, is a felony -- masking and then not safeguarding state secrets. Such a command to subordinates can only come from a criminal mind.

Equally as telling is a little-known 2013 speech that recently surfaced given by one of Clinton’s former subordinates. The aide revealed that Clinton and her staff regularly engaged in digital conversations about state secrets on their BlackBerries. This is not criminal if the BlackBerries were government-issued and secured. Clinton’s was neither. It was purchased at her instructions off the shelf by one of her staff.

Can anyone doubt that Clinton has failed to safeguard state secrets? If her name were Hillary Rodham instead of Hillary Rodham Clinton, she’d have been indicted months ago.

What remains of the rule of law in America? The FBI will soon tell us.

Andrew P. Napolitano, a former judge of the Superior Court of New Jersey, is the senior judicial analyst at Fox News Channel.",1
3053,Gerrymandering didn’t make politics this vicious. But vicious politics will soon make gerrymandering so much worse.,"It is endlessly suspicious when politicians control the process by which they and their allies are elected. Yet Arizona lawmakers had been battling their own citizens for precisely this power, in a lawsuit that culminated Monday in a 5-4 Supreme Court decision upholding the right of voters — not legislators — to control how electoral districts are drawn.

In 2000, Arizonans voted to take the state legislature out of the redistricting process. They hoped to curb partisan gerrymandering by creating an independent, bipartisan commission that would handle the duty of redrawing state and federal voting districts after every Census.

The commission’s redistricting plan led to Democratic wins in 2012, which upset the GOP-controlled legislature. Republicans claimed that the whole process was unconstitutional because the founding fathers specifically commanded state legislatures to run elections.

They were referring to the Constitution’s Elections Clause, which reads as follows:

Yes, this is another Supreme Court case that hinges on the meaning of a word. Here, the word is “legislature.” Does the Constitution refer solely to a state’s body of elected representatives? Or does the term “legislature” here lend itself to a broader interpretation, one that would allow citizens to have a direct say in how elections are conducted?

Writing for the majority, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsberg argued that the power of regulating elections should ultimately lie with the people — such is the spirit of democracy, after all.

“[I]t would be perverse to interpret the term ‘Legislature’ in the Elections Clause so as to exclude lawmaking by the people, particularly where such lawmaking is intended to check legislators’ ability to choose the district lines they run in,” she wrote.

In his dissent, Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. accused his fellow justices of fudging the law to bless a policy that they liked. “The majority today shows greater concern about redistricting practices than about the meaning of the Constitution,” he wrote.

Let’s stop there for a second. Regardless of how the decision was achieved, it protects an important attempt by citizens to ensure fair elections at a time when politics is become increasingly bitter and undemocratic.

One unfortunate fact of American politics is that election districts are becoming more and more misshapen. Recently, Stephen Ansolabehere, a professor at Harvard, and Maxwell Palmer, an assistant professor at Boston University, crunched the numbers on the past 200 years of congressional district shapes.

The researchers used several different ways to measure how convoluted a district’s borders are. All of the methods tend to agree that district complexity has substantially increased since the 1970s. The changes occurred across the board. Both simple and raggedy districts are starting to look weirder and weirder.

Of course, just because a district looks ugly doesn’t mean it’s unfairly drawn. It’s important to create districts that represent natural communities, and communities often have irregular boundaries. It’s equally important to preserve minority representation, and sometimes districts look like spaghetti in order to prevent the minority vote in a state from being diluted.

Partisan gerrymandering can’t be detected solely by examining geography and geometry. There’s culture and history to consider. That’s also why courts and lawmakers have struggled to define what is an unacceptable level of gerrymandering. The process is subjective.

For instance, Ansolabehere and Palmer also found that the weirdest-looking districts tend to vote Democratic. That doesn’t prove that Democrats are the more shameless gerrymanderers, though.

Besides, Democratic voters tend to concentrate in urban areas, which can make it hard to draw compact voting districts that are also fair.

A 2013 paper published in the Quarterly Journal of Political Science argued that the clustering of Democratic voters creates a natural Republican bias when districts are drawn up. Political scientists Jowei Chen, of the University of Michigan, and Jonathan Rodden, of Stanford, call the phenomenon “unintentional gerrymandering.”

To demonstrate, Chen and Rodden used a computer to randomly draw district plans using data from the 2000 presidential election in Florida. Famously, the popular vote in Florida split more or less evenly between George W. Bush and Al Gore. So in a fair, representative plan, you might expect half the districts to go for Bush, and half for Gore.

But across hundreds of versions of these randomly generated district maps — paragons of disinterested district making — a bias emerged. On average, three-fifths of districts went for Bush, even though half of the population was voting for Gore.

The explanation, according to Chen and Rodden, is that Democratic voters are at a disadvantage by dint of their living patterns.

Democratic voters concentrate either in big cities, or in Democratic enclaves (black suburbs, college towns) scattered across the state. The downtown districts are overwhelmingly Democratic, while the small Democratic outposts tend to get engulfed by their Republican neighbors.

More equal representation might result if planners could better distribute Democratic voters — perhaps, say, by appending some solidly Democratic urban neighborhoods to purplish suburban districts.

But at some point that starts to look like gerrymandering, doesn’t it?

The complex, cross-cutting considerations involved in redistricting provide cover for partisan shenanigans. When legislators start to get creative with district borders, are they adjusting for a state’s uneven political geography? Or are they angling for an advantage?

Putting the process in the hands of an independent body is one way to make matters a little more fair. Political scientists have generally observed that courts and independent commissions tend to design more competitive districts.

In a study of congressional elections from 1972–2012, researchers at the University of Georgia and the University of Texas at Austin found that districts drawn by legislators are significantly less likely to result in close elections, even after controlling for polarization, candidate quality and regional differences. But this effect is only prominent from 1992 onward:

The researchers suspect that computers deserve much of the blame. By 1991, all but four states were using geographic information programs to guide their redistricting efforts. Nowadays, any legislator with a laptop can call on software to concoct districts with whatever characteristics they like. Gerrymandering has never been this easy, or data-driven.

Perhaps, then, it is no coincidence that some of the most tortured-looking districts were designed in recent years, as these maps from Ansolabehere and Palmer show:

Independent redistricting commissions are supposed to curb gerrymandering but most lack full control of the redistricting process. Some are restricted to making suggestions, which legislatures can vote down or amend. Others step in only after the legislature has stalemated. Like the filibuster, the power of redistricting is a political tool that both parties are loath to give up. Legislatures in 42 states still have the final say when it comes to determining districts for House seats in Congress. And in 37 states, legislators control the redistricting process for their own state legislative districts.

In Arizona and California, citizens used ballot initiatives to wrest that power away from their legislators. The independent commissions in these states are completely in charge of redistricting. Their maps cannot be changed or overruled by the legislature. To keep politics at bay, these committees are kept strictly bipartisan, with reserved seats for Democrats, Republicans, and independents. Selection rules exclude politicians and those who work for them. California went as far to use a lottery to pick some of the commissioners.

Despite the cautionary measures, these committees have been the site of considerable partisan bitterness. There have been allegations that the non-partisan members on the commission secretly favor one side, and that the technical staff assisting the commissions introduced bias into the process. For these and other reasons, the resulting district plans have consistently been challenged in court. As political scientist Bruce Cain writes:

In fact, Monday’s case was merely the first of two GOP lawsuits before the Supreme Court involving redistricting in Arizona.

Now after the Court has established that Arizona’s independent commission is constitutional, it will consider whether the commission’s most recent redistricting map apportioned Republicans fairly. On Tuesday, the Court announced that it will hear this second lawsuit some time next session.

Many political scientists say that all the fuss over gerrymandering amounts to wasted breath. Recent decades have seen large decreases in the number of competitive House districts, and large increases in political polarization — but these twin trends can’t be blamed on gerrymandering alone.

In a 2006 paper published in the Journal of Politics, Emory researchers pointed out that House elections have been getting less competitive even during years when district boundaries haven’t changed.

If gerrymandering alone were the culprit, the number of competitive seats should plummet after each redistricting — between 1990 and 1992, or 2000 and 2002, or 2010 and 2012. But the changes that happen between redistricting years have been modest.

Furthermore, Princeton political scientist Nolan McCarty has noted that political polarization increased just as fast in the Senate as in the House. Since senators are elected in statewide races, they aren’t affected by gerrymandering. Yet, the Senate, too, has been paralyzed by partisan rancor.

[What we know and don’t know about our polarized politics]

Gerrymandering, it seems, is a symptom of increasing viciousness in politics — not the root cause.

But that’s even more of a reason for states to safeguard the district-making process from partisanship. The ongoing fight in Arizona has demonstrated that political parties will battle tooth and nail to tilt the electoral map in their favor.

Arizona and California’s experiments in independent redistricting attempt to de-politicize redistricting by appointing citizen committees. It’s possible to take that idea one step further. These days, software and cheap computing gives every citizen the power to create their own district maps. Opening up the redistricting process to public participation and review would offer one more check against legislators acting in their own self interest.

That tracks the spirit of Monday’s decision, in which Ginsburg borrowed liberally from founding father James Madison. “The genius of republican liberty seems to demand . . . not only that all power should be derived from the people, but that those intrusted with it should be kept in dependence on the people,” she quoted.

She wrote: “The people of Arizona turned to the initiative to curb the practice of gerrymandering and, thereby, to ensure that Members of Congress would have ‘an habitual recollection of their dependence on the people.'”

Independent redistricting commissions won’t heal the nasty rift in American politics. But at the very least, they would ensure that any nastiness be entirely representative of the American public.",1
3649,"Guns, terror, and LGBT rights: Orlando shooting raises stakes for next president","Gun control, homegrown extremism, homophobic violence and the war against Islamic State have all been highlighted by the Orlando nightclub massacre, but deadlock in Washington means major legislation will probably have to wait until after the November election.

Whoever wins the US presidency will find an in-tray where the threat of terrorism at home, and the commitment to wars abroad, grinds on 15 years after the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001.

Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, and Senate Democrats went on the front foot on Monday, calling for laws that would make it harder for terrorists to get their hands on firearms, in particular assault rifles.

In a vivid illustration of ideological division, however, Republican flag-bearer Donald Trump opposed gun control measures, lambasted the immigration system as “dysfunctional” and claimed vindication in his call for a ban on foreign-born Muslims entering the US.

A landslide victory for Clinton or Trump, with reflected gains in Congress, could give one or the other a mandate for change lacking during the Obama years. In the meantime there is realpolitik. With Obama facing a Republican-led House and Senate, the prospects for action are remote even after the killing of 49 people in the worst mass shooting in American history.

Even so, Senate Democrats lost little time on Monday in urging quick passage of legislation defeated last year to impose additional gun controls. The bill would prevent people on “terror watch lists” and other “suspected terrorists” from buying firearms or explosives.

The killer in Orlando has been identified as Omar Mateen, a 29-year-old American-born Muslim, whose weapons included an AR-15 semi-automatic rifle. FBI officials said they had investigated him in 2013 and 2014 on suspicion of terrorist sympathies but could not make a case against him.

Obama himself weighed in on Monday. “The fact that we make it this challenging for law enforcement, for example, even to get alerted that somebody who they are watching has purchased a gun – and if they do get alerted, sometimes it’s hard for them to stop them from getting a gun – is crazy. It’s a problem. And we have to, I think, do some soul-searching.

“But again, the danger here is, is that then it ends up being the usual political debate. And the NRA and the gun control folks say that, oh, Obama doesn’t want to talk about terrorism. And if you talk about terrorism, then people say: why aren’t you looking at issues of gun control?”

At the start of his second term, Obama pushed legislation to expand background checks, ban certain assault-style weapons and cap the size of ammunition clips. That measure collapsed in the Senate and there has been little movement since.

But if Trump provokes an electoral backlash, handing sweeping victories to Democrats, there could be new opportunities for Clinton, who has been more outspoken on the issue than candidates in previous years.

On Monday, she told a rally in Cleveland, Ohio: “If the FBI is watching you for suspected terrorist links, you should not be able to just go buy a gun with no questions asked. And you shouldn’t be able to exploit loopholes and evade criminal background checks by buying online or at a gun show. And yes, if you’re too dangerous to get on a plane, you are too dangerous to buy a gun in America.”

Yet the watchlist argument is less simple than meets the eye. The no-fly list, for example, has come under fire from left and right. Drawn up by the FBI in the wake of the 9/11 attacks, it contains 700,000 names, according to one estimate, and has mistakenly included infants, US military veterans and politicians, including Edward Kennedy and John Lewis. Analysts describe it as an unfocused and unwieldy blunt instrument.

This is one reason why a Congress that blocked gun control measures after the shooting of 20 schoolchildren in Newtown, Connecticut, seems unlikely to shift gear now. Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, admitted: “I don’t know whether this profound tragedy will have more of an impact on the minds of members of Congress. Hopefully it will.”

But Senator Ron Johnson, a Wisconsin Republican and chairman of the Senate committee on homeland security and governmental affairs, disagreed that stricter gun laws were the solution. “I think there’s other root causes in play,” he told the Associated Press. “I think mental health is a huge issue.”

These are the tangibles, more readily quantified. What the White House and Congress should do to promote harmony with both the Muslim and LGBT communities is a more textured long-term challenge, where tone is crucial.

With characteristic bombast, Trump charged straight in on Monday. “When I am elected, I will suspend immigration from areas of the world when there is a proven history of terrorism against the United States, Europe or our allies, until we understand how to end these threats,” he said.

“We cannot continue to allow thousands upon thousands of people to pour into our country, many of whom have the same thought process as this savage killer.”

He added: “The Muslim community’s so important. They have to work with us … and turn in the people who are bad.”

At Clinton’s rally, the tone was very different. “We should avoid eroding trust in that community … inflammatory anti-Muslim rhetoric and threatening to ban the family and friends of Muslim Americans, and millions of Muslim business people, hurts the vast majority of Muslims, who love freedom and hate terror.”

It is no coincidence, she added, that hate crimes against American Muslims and mosques have tripled since the Paris and San Bernardino attacks.

She called on local leaders, teachers and communities to develop education to recognize signs of radicalisation. And in contrast to Trump’s proposed ban on individuals, she instead took aim at foreign governments, implying she would take a tougher stand than Obama. “It is long past time for Saudis, Qataris, Kuwaitis and others to stop their citizens from funding extremist organisations.”

The Orlando attack has also focused attention on hate crimes against gay men and lesbians in America. The Obama administration has overseen great strides, including the legalisation of gay marriage, but, activists note, this can conceal ongoing hostility and prejudice in many communities. The recent political debate over transgender bathroom use is seen as one example that contributes to a hostile climate.

It was reported on Monday that members of Congress plan to ask the White House to end a decades-old policy that prohibits many gay men from donating blood. Senators including Elizabeth Warren have long criticised the rule as discriminatory.

Using the alternative term Isil, Obama acknowledged the targeting of LGBT people by Islamic State but gave little hint of new concrete measures. “Regardless of the particular motivations of this killer, there are connections between this vicious, bankrupt ideology and general attitudes towards gays and lesbians. And unfortunately, that’s something that the LGBT community is subject to not just by Isil but by a lot of groups that purport to speak on behalf of God around the world.”

Trump, meanwhile, set himself up as an unlikely champion of the LGBT community. “Ask yourself: who is really the friend of women and the LBGT [sic] community – Donald Trump, with his actions, or Hillary Clinton, with her words? Clinton wants to allow radical Islamic terrorists to pour into our country – they enslave women, and murder gays. I don’t want them in our country.”

But Trump’s remarks met with scepticism from gay rights activists, who argue that he has vowed to appoint supreme court justices who would roll back nationwide marriage equality.

Jay Brown, communications director of the Human Rights Campaign, said: “Let’s be clear: LGBTQ people are Muslims.

“And make no mistake, Donald Trump is no friend of the LGBTQ community. Donald Trump has vowed to roll back marriage equality, pass Kim Davis-style discrimination and allow governors from coast to coast to pass laws like North Carolina’s HB2. Trump’s rhetoric today isn’t fooling anyone and what he is peddling isn’t protection. It’s poison.”",1
395,"Barbara Mikulski , the longest serving female senator in history, to retire","The Maryland Democrat made the announcement Monday morning in her hometown of Baltimore.

Mikulski, 78, is known as the ""Dean"" of the Senate women -- helping forge bipartisan relationships for decades that often result in compromise. Until Democrats lost control of the Senate, she was the chairman of the powerful Senate Appropriations Committee.

""I had to ask myself this question: Am I campaigning for me, or am I campaigning for my constituents?"" she said Monday. ""Am I raising money or raising hell?""

President Barack Obama praised Mikulski as ""legendary"" and called her ""an institution in the United States Senate"" in a statement Monday that followed her announcement. ""Barbara's service to the people of Maryland spans decades, but her legacy will span generations,"" Obama said. ""Barbara is the longest serving woman in Congress, and her leadership serves as an inspiration to millions of women and girls across the globe to stand up and lead."" Her retirement could present an opening for former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, who left office weeks ago and has been considering a 2016 bid for the Democratic presidential nomination -- though he could struggle to make waves in that race if, as expected, Hillary Clinton runs. It's not clear whether O'Malley would be interested in a legislative seat. But his mother has long served as Mikulski's receptionist in her Washington office. And O'Malley tweeted his praise for Mikulski on Monday. I got my start in Maryland politics on @SenatorBarb's '86 campaign. Very grateful for her service to our state as well as her mentorship. — Martin O'Malley (@GovernorOMalley) March 2, 2015 The state is also represented by seven Democratic House members -- including Rep. Chris Van Hollen, a member of the party's congressional leadership -- and they could all scramble for the seat, too. O'Malley's former lieutenant governor, Anthony Brown, is another contender. Also on the list of potential Democratic candidates are Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake and Labor Secretary Tom Perez.",1
254,Gowdy and Cummings duke it out over Benghazi,Top Dems want White House to call off Part B demo — The next cancer drug shortage,1
388,Conservative watchdog group accuses Democrats of illegally coordinating through voter data firm,"A new conservative watchdog group filed a complaint this week with the Federal Election Commission against the private voter data firm Catalist and dozens of Democratic party and candidate committees, accusing them of operating “an illegal coordination scheme” that has allowed Democrats to instantly sync their voter information with that of independent groups.

The Washington-based Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust  also alleged that Catalist -- whose president is Harold Ickes, a longtime Democratic strategist and ally of Bill and Hillary Clinton -- provides its data to candidates and parties below market rate, effectively making illegal in-kind contributions.

FACT’s executive director, Matthew G. Whitaker, said Catalist and its Democratic allies “have operated outside of the law” and called on the FEC to investigate.

“I expect that they will take this seriously and get some answers,” said Whitaker, a former U.S. attorney in Iowa who ran for the U.S. Senate there last year as a Republican.

Amy Weiss, a spokeswoman for Catalist, said in a statement that the complaint was “a politically-motivated filing without merit.”

It is common for parties and outside organizations to exchange voter lists. But Democratic party committees and allied interest groups do not conduct such exchanges close to an election, according to people familiar with the transactions. That’s because conveying non-public material related to a campaign’s activities through a common vendor could violate coordination rules.

In its complaint, FACT challenged that notion, citing passages in Sasha Issenberg's 2012 book ""The Victory Lab"" that described how Catalist enabled ""seamless links"" between President Obama's 2008 campaign and activist groups on the left.

The allegations against Catalist comes four months after a Democratic-allied watchdog group filed a similar complaint against a host of groups on the right, including the Republican National Committee, the super PAC American Crossroads, the private firm Data Trust and i360, a data management firm that works closely with advocacy groups backed by billionaires Charles and David Koch and other conservative donors.

American Democracy Legal Fund, a group helmed by veteran operative Brad Woodhouse, charged that the RNC and outside groups were illegally coordinating by exchanging information about individual voters in real time through Data Trust. The RNC called the complaint baseless.

Whitaker said he was not concerned that FACT’s arguments against Catalist could be used against the RNC and its allies, noting that the group was nonpartisan.

“This type of behavior shouldn’t be allowed on either side,” he said.

FACT was organized over the last several months as a response to watchdogs groups on the left such as American Democracy Legal Fund and Citizens for Ethics and Responsibility in Washington. The group is backed by $1 million in seed money from donors who support conservative legal causes, according to people familiar with its origins. Whitaker declined to identify the organization’s contributors, calling them “some freedom-loving Americans” who live outside of Washington.",1
4057,"100 Years Ago, 1.5 Million Armenians Were Systematically Killed. Today, It's Still Not A 'Genocide.'","Soon, much of the empire’s Christian Armenian population would be targeted and nearly wiped out, accused of conspiring against the empire with the Russians. Many Armenians say the genocide was collective punishment for the actions of a few.

In August, after a wave of deportations began that would force hundreds of thousands of Armenians on brutal death marches toward the Syrian desert, Varoujan was tortured to death, according to eyewitnesses at the time. Varoujan was just one of many men, women and children who lost their lives.

This week, Armenians from around the world are gathering in Istanbul to commemorate the deaths of nearly 1.5 million Armenians who died in what would later be known by many -- but not by Turkey, the United States and some other countries -- as the Armenian Genocide. A century on, the killings are hardly a thing of the past, with sensitive geopolitics still fueling the controversy.

“Rape and beating were commonplace,” wrote acclaimed historian David Fromkin in his Pulitzer Prize-winning book on the Ottoman Empire’s downfall, A Peace to End All Peace. “Those who were not killed at once were driven through mountains and deserts without food, drink or shelter. Hundreds of thousands of Armenians eventually succumbed or were killed.""

An Armenian man in Istanbul, who as a schoolboy discovered his family was Armenian, told The WorldPost one story passed down to him by his parents: His grandfather, too exhausted to walk any farther in the death march toward the Syrian desert, refused to go on. He would rather drown than walk another mile to his death, he told the Turkish Ottoman guards. And so, the man says, they held his grandfather under the water until he was dead.

The number of intellectuals reportedly rounded up by Ottoman Turks on April 24, 1915, in Constantinople (now Istanbul), kicking off what would become a massive wave of arrests, deportations and killings. Many of these Armenians were later deported and in many cases killed. Armenians commemorate the anniversary of the Armenian Genocide every year on April 24.

The number of dead bodies reportedly found in 1916 in a mass grave in Maskanah, a northern town in what is now modern day Syria, according to Jesse B. Jackson, U.S. consul in Aleppo. ""As far as the eye can reach mounds are seen containing 200 to 300 corpses buried in the ground,"" he said in a cable to Washington.

The number of nations that officially recognize the Armenian Genocide. The list does not include the United States, Israel and many others who on the centenary are grappling with labeling the killings a genocide. Germany is expected to finally do so on the anniversary.

If President Obama decided to label the 1915 killings as genocide, already strained relations would likely only worsen with Turkey, where the United States has an important air base in the south, close to Syria. Turkey and the U.S. government have butted heads over the Syrian crisis, with a U.S.-led coalition targeting solely Islamic State extremists, while Turkey insists military efforts must also focus on bringing down Syria's Bashar Assad. The United States has said Turkey, hosting over 1.7 million desperate Syrian refugees, has failed to do enough to counter extremists who often cross its border into Syria with ease.

The decision angered many Armenians in the United States and abroad who say they had hoped President Barack Obama would use the centennial as an opportunity to put things right, considering his track record of acknowledging the genocide prior to assuming the presidency.

A box that contains bones of Armenians who were killed in Syria during their exodus from persecutions by the Ottoman Empire in 1915 are displayed at the Vank Cathedral in the historic city of Isfahan, some 250 miles south of the capital, Tehran, on April 20.

In a recent column in the Daily Sabah, a Turkish newspaper known for its staunchly pro-government rhetoric, one columnist wrote that the genocide claimed by Armenians is just a ruse by the Armenian diaspora and descendants in Turkey to tear apart the country and take over Turkish territory.

While Turkey in recent years has taken more conciliatory steps towards addressing the killings of Armenians, with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan making what was considered to be a groundbreaking speech last year in which he offered condolences to the descendants of those killed, tempers have recently flared.",1
122,Millennials Are More Racist Than They Think,"News about race in America these days is almost universally negative. Longstanding wealth, income and employment gaps between whites and people of color are increasing, and tensions between police and minority communities around the country are on the rise. But many claim there’s a glimmer of hope: The next generation of Americans, they say, is “post-racial”—more tolerant, and therefore more capable of easing these race-based inequities. Unfortunately, closer examination of the data suggests that millennials aren’t racially tolerant, they’re racially apathetic: They simply ignore structural racism rather than try to fix it.

In 2010, a Pew Research report trumpeted that “the younger generation is more racially tolerant than their elders.” In the Chicago Tribune, Ted Gregory seized on this to declare millennials “the most tolerant generation in history.” These types of arguments typically cling to the fact that young people are more likely than their elders to favor interracial marriage. But while millennials are indeed less likely than baby boomers to say that more people of different races marrying each other is a change for the worse (6 percent compared to 14 percent), their opinions on that score are basically no different than those of the generation immediately before them, the Gen Xers, who come in at 5 percent. On interracial dating, the trend is similar, with 92 percent of Gen Xers saying it’s “all right for blacks and whites to date each other,” compared to 93 percent of millennials.

Furthermore, these questions don’t really say anything about racial justice: After all, interracial dating and marriage are unlikely to solve deep disparities in criminal justice, wealth, upward mobility, poverty and education—at least not in this century. (Black-white marriages currently make up just 2.2 percent of all marriages.) And when it comes to opinions on more structural issues, such as the role of government in solving social and economic inequality and the need for continued progress, millennials start to split along racial lines. When people are asked, for example, “How much needs to be done in order to achieve Martin Luther King’s dream of racial equality?” the gap between white millennials and millennials of color (all those who don’t identify as white) are wide. And once again, millennials are shown to be no more progressive than older generations: Among millennials, 42 percent of whites answer that “a lot” must be done to achieve racial equality, compared to 41 percent of white Gen Xers and 44 percent of white boomers.

The most significant change has been among nonwhite millennials, who are more racially optimistic than their parents. (Fifty-four percent of nonwhite millennials say “a lot” must be done, compared with 60 percent of nonwhite Gen Xers.) And this racial optimism isn’t exactly warranted. The racial wealth gap has increased since the 2007 financial crisis, and blacks who graduate from college have less wealth than whites who haven’t completed high school. A new paper by poverty experts Thomas Hirschl and Mark Rank estimates that whites are 6.74 times more likely to enter the top 1 percent of the income distribution ladder than nonwhites. And Bhashkar Mazumder finds that 60 percent of blacks whose parents were in the top half of income distribution end up in the bottom, compared with 36 percent of whites.

As to how well whites and nonwhites get along, only 13 percent of white millennials say “not well at all,” compared with 31 percent of nonwhite millennials. (Thirteen percent of white Gen Xers and 32 percent of nonwhite Gen Xers agree.)

In a 2009 study using American National Election Studies—a survey of Americans before and after each presidential election—Vincent Hutchings finds, “younger cohorts of Whites are no more racially liberal in 2008 than they were in 1988.” My own analysis of the most recent data reveals a similar pattern: Gaps between young whites and old whites on support for programs that aim to further racial equality are very small compared to the gaps between young whites and young blacks.

And even though the gaps within the millennial generation are wide, as with the Pew data, there is also evidence that young blacks are more racially conservative than their parents, as they are less likely to support government aid to blacks.

Spencer Piston, professor at the Campbell Institute at Syracuse University, used ANES data and found a similar pattern on issues relating to economic inequality. He examined a tax on millionaires, affirmative action, a limit to campaign contributions and a battery of questions that measure egalitarianism. He says, “the racial divide (in particular the black/white divide) dwarfs other divides in policy opinion. Age differences in public opinion are small in comparison to racial differences.” This finding is, he adds, “consistent with a long-standing finding in political science.” Piston finds that young whites have the same level of racial stereotypes as their parents.",1
799,"Trump replays Clinton 'woman card,' defends 'pull out' Middle East strategy","Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Sunday defended his criticism that Hillary Clinton’s campaign success is based largely on her being a female candidate and dismissed assertions about him having a soft foreign policy.

“The only card she has is the woman card,” Trump told “Fox News Sunday.” “Even women don’t like her. If she were not a woman, she would not even be in this race.”

The billionaire businessman resumed his Clinton attack following

 his sweep in five Northeast primary contests, saying Tuesday that “the only card she has is the woman's card. And frankly, if Hillary Clinton were a man, I don't think she'd get 5 percent of the vote.”



The front-running Trump also dismissed criticism that he sounded like a liberal Democrat in his foreign policy speech last week by suggesting the United States scale back in the Middle East and focus on domestic spending.

“We need to knock off ISIS and get out of there,” said Trump, who nevertheless continues to argue that overthrowing dictators has been a failed foreign policy strategy that has led to instability in the Middle East.

“Every move we've made in the Middle East has been wrong,” he said, arguing other countries should pay more to protect the world and that more taxpayer money must go to U.S. infrastructure.”

“We can’t have this anymore,” he said. “We are spending all of our money in the Middle East. We need to strengthen our military and pull back … In the meantime our country is becoming Third World. … I will be tougher than” Clinton.

GOP primary rival Texas Sen. Ted Cruz told ABC’s “This Week” that Trump's policy speech “reflects a weak and naive approach to foreign policy.”

Trump also argued that his attacks on Clinton are no worse than those of her primary challenger, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, who has questioned the former secretary of state’s qualifications.

While both Clinton and Trump’s favorability ratings among women are low, Trump’s are worse, especially among female general election voters.

However, Trump argued Sunday that his numbers will improve if and when he faces Clinton in the general election.

“Once I start on Hillary, the numbers will change,” he said. “Watch what happens with Hillary. Watch what happens with her numbers.”",1
1493,The GOP’s establishment candidates begin aiming at each other,"With less than five weeks before voters begin weighing in on the 2016 GOP presidential nomination, the establishment contenders — who until now have been relatively restrained — have begun aiming their fire at each other.

The tactical shift on the part of the candidates and their allies reflects a long-standing assumption as to how this crowded nomination battle is likely to play out.

Many believe the race will come down to a one-on-one contest between an “outsider” who channels the angry Republican base and a candidate more in line with the wishes of the party hierarchy. The establishment pick has almost always prevailed in the past, though it is far from certain that will be the case in 2016.

The insurgent faction of the party appears likely to rally around either front-runner Donald Trump or the ascendant Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.). The leading possibilities on the establishment side include three sitting or former governors and a Florida senator — all of whom are running far behind Trump. But before any of them can get a shot at taking him on, they must deal with one another.

[Trump’s latest targets: New Hampshire’s largest paper and its favorite candidate, Christie]

Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) on Tuesday found his record of Senate absences under attack from two directions: a blistering ad in Iowa by a super PAC supporting former Florida governor Jeb Bush and a taunt by New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie.

“Dude, show up to work,” Christie said during a town-hall meeting in Muscatine, Iowa.

Rubio was making his own swing through Iowa, which is set to hold the first contest of the primary season on Feb. 1. He responded at a news conference hours later in the town of Clinton.

“You know, Chris has been missing in New Jersey for half the time,” Rubio said. “But candidates, I think, as we get down the stretch here, some of them get a little desperate and a little nasty in their attacks, and that’s fine.”

He dismissed the attack ad by the pro-Bush super PAC Right to Rise USA as “par for the course. I mean obviously you’ve seen that as we get closer to Election Day and millions of dollars of spending have not changed [Bush’s] fortunes, he’s become increasingly negative in his attacks.”

Meanwhile, Right to Rise USA also launched a spot in New Hampshire contending that the gubernatorial records of Christie and Ohio Gov. John Kasich do not stack up against that of Bush. The ad was gentler in tone than the super PAC’s assault on Rubio, but it attempted to draw a contrast on the experience that all three of the candidates consider to be their greatest asset.

New Day in America, a super PAC supporting Kasich, responded: “What Team Jeb has failed to address is the political baggage dragging behind Bush and Christie. The country doesn’t have an appetite for another Bush, or another Clinton, for that matter. As for Governor Christie, his mishandling of his state budget and the ‘Bridgegate’ scandal have earned him a 60 percent unfavorable rating from those who know him best — the people of New Jersey.”

The crossfire, said GOP political consultant Alex Castellanos, is beginning to look like “a ‘Fistful of Dollars’ gunfight,” referring to the 1964 spaghetti western that launched Clint Eastwood to stardom.

“It’s now down to the last five weeks here,” Christie told reporters in Muscatine. “We need to make distinctions between candidates, not just on issues but on experience, so I’ll be talking about it. I think it’s an important distinction to make.”

The young and charismatic Rubio is regarded by many as potentially the strongest contender running in the establishment lane — if he can find an opening.

“It’s pretty clear in this race that Marco Rubio is the candidate of the future. If he ever breaks through the line, he’s got a lot of running room,” said Castellanos, who is not working for any of the 2016 candidates. “The only one who everyone fears for his explosive potential is Rubio.”

[Will Rubio work hard enough to become president? Some backers are worried.]

Right to Rise USA said it plans to spend $1.4 million on the new ad in Iowa, in which an announcer says: “Over the last three years, Rubio has missed important national security hearings and missed more total votes than any other senator. Politics first — that’s the Rubio way.”

Christie sounded a similar theme during a town hall in Muscatine, where he noted that Rubio had announced his opposition to a $1.8 trillion, year-end spending bill and tax package, but then failed to show up to vote against it. It passed the Senate 65 to 33.

“Just show up to work and vote no,” Christie said. “And if you don’t want to, then quit.”

Rubio spokesman Alex Conant said his campaign is unfazed, noting that Rubio’s skill at dealing with barbs during the candidates’ debates has only increased his stature.

“Obviously, we feel very good about our campaign, and where we’re at. With success comes scrutiny,” Conant said. “We’ve been taking some incoming for several months now, and we’re not worse for the wear.”

Rubio does have the worst attendance record of all the senators, including the five who have run for president this year — a fact he does not dispute. A C-SPAN analysis released last week found that Rubio cast votes for just 219 of the 339 recorded Senate roll-call votes in 2015 — a 65 percent attendance record. He spoke on the Senate floor eight times — just 5 percent of the days that the Senate was in session, C-SPAN said.

“I’m running for president, because I want to change the direction of this country, and it will require me, for the time being, to miss some votes in the U.S. Senate, because I want those votes to matter again,” Rubio said.

Before Tuesday’s exchanges, the most high-profile attack on Rubio’s attendance record had been launched by Bush during an October Republican presidential debate. Rubio shot back with a response that threw Bush off balance.

“Someone has convinced you that attacking me is going to help you,” Rubio told Bush, and then recounted how other senators who ran for president had equally bad attendance records that had not drawn much comment.

In his own appearances recently, Bush has been focusing most of his attacks on Trump and Hillary Clinton.

By law, candidates are not allowed to coordinate with the super PACs that support them; however, Right to Rise USA is run by political consultant Mike Murphy, who has been one of Bush’s closest political advisers for most of his political career.",1
1814,Insiders: Clinton still on track to win Iowa and N.H.,"On this day in 1973, J. Fred Buzhardt, a lawyer defending President Richard Nixon in the Watergate case, revealed that a key White House tape had an 18...",1
4098,New poll finds 9 in 10 Native Americans aren’t offended by Redskins name,"Nine in 10 Native Americans say they are not offended by the Washington Redskins name, according to a new Washington Post poll that shows how few ordinary Indians have been persuaded by a national movement to change the football team’s moniker.

The survey of 504 people across every state and the District reveals that the minds of Native Americans have remained unchanged since a 2004 poll by the Annenberg Public Policy Center found the same result. Responses to The Post’s questions about the issue were broadly consistent regardless of age, income, education, political party or proximity to reservations.

[12 Native Americans talk about the furor over the Redskins name]

Among the Native Americans reached over a five-month period ending in April, more than 7 in 10 said they did not feel the word “Redskin” was disrespectful to Indians. An even higher number — 8 in 10 — said they would not be offended if a non-native called them that name.

The results — immediately celebrated by team owner Daniel Snyder and denounced by prominent Native American leaders — could make it that much harder for anti-name activists to pressure Redskins officials, who are already using the poll as further justification to retain the moniker. Beyond that, the findings might impact the ongoing legal battle over the team’s federal trademark registrations and the eventual destination of the next stadium. The name controversy has clouded talks between the team and the District, widely considered Snyder’s desired destination.

[Native Americans’ indifference on Redskins name could reset D.C. stadium talks]

“The Washington Redskins team, our fans and community have always believed our name represents honor, respect and pride,” the owner said in a statement. “Today’s Washington Post polling shows Native Americans agree. We are gratified by this overwhelming support from the Native American community, and the team will proudly carry the Redskins name.”

But Suzan Harjo, the lead plaintiff in the first case challenging the team’s trademark protections, dismissed The Post’s findings.

“I just reject the results,” said Harjo, 70, who belongs to the Cheyenne and Hodulgee Muscogee tribes. “I don’t agree with them, and I don’t agree that this is a valid way of surveying public opinion in Indian Country.”

Two other key leaders in the name-change movement did not challenge the validity of the poll, and instead issued a joint statement calling the responses from Indians “encouraging.”

“Native Americans are resilient and have not allowed the NFL’s decades-long denigration of us to define our own self-image,” wrote Oneida Nation Representative Ray Halbritter and National Congress of American Indians Executive Director Jacqueline Pata. “However, that proud resilience does not give the NFL a license to continue marketing, promoting, and profiting off of a dictionary-defined racial slur — one that tells people outside of our community to view us as mascots.”

[How The Post conducted the survey on the Redskins name]

Since the nearly half-century-old debate regained national attention in 2013, opponents of the name have won a string of high-profile victories, garnering support from President Obama, 50 Democratic U.S. senators, dozens of sports broadcasters and columnists, several newspaper editorial boards (including The Post’s), a civil rights organization that works closely with the National Football League and tribal leaders throughout Indian Country.

In response, Snyder vowed never to change the moniker and used the 12-year-old Annenberg poll to defend his position. Activists, however, have argued that the billionaire must act if even a small minority of Indians are insulted by the term. They have also maintained that opinions have evolved as his unyielding stance has been subjected to a barrage of condemnation by critics ranging from “South Park” to the United Church of Christ.

But for more than a decade, no one has measured what the country’s 5.4 million Native Americans think about the controversy. Their responses to The Post poll were unambiguous: Few objected to the name, and some voiced admiration.

“I’m proud of being Native American and of the Redskins,” said Barbara Bruce, a Chippewa teacher who has lived on a North Dakota reservation most of her life. “I’m not ashamed of that at all. I like that name.”

Bruce, 70, has for four decades taught her community’s schoolchildren, dozens of whom have gone on to play for the Turtle Mountain Community High School Braves. She and many others surveyed embrace native imagery in sports because it offers them some measure of attention in a society where they are seldom represented. Just 8 percent of those canvassed say such depictions bother them.

[A brief history of the word ‘redskin’ and how it became controversial]

Even as the name-change movement gained momentum among influential people, The Post’s survey and more than two dozen subsequent interviews make clear that the effort failed to have anywhere near the same impact on Indians.

Across every demographic group, the vast majority of Native Americans say the team’s name does not offend them, including 80 percent who identify as politically liberal, 85 percent of college graduates, 90 percent of those enrolled in a tribe, 90 percent of non-football fans and 91 percent of those between the ages of 18 and 39.

Even 9 in 10 of those who have heard a great deal about the controversy say they are not bothered by the name.

What makes those attitudes more striking: The general public appears to object more strongly to the name than Indians do.

In a 2014 national ESPN poll, 23 percent of those reached called for “Redskins” to be retired because of its offensiveness to Native Americans — more than double the 9 percent of actual Native Americans who now say they are offended by it.

A 2013 Post poll found that a higher proportion of Washington-area residents — 28 percent — wanted the moniker changed.

[Column: In complex Redskins name debate, poll should give both sides pause]

Halbritter, a key figure and financier in the fight against Snyder, has described the issue as one of the most important facing his people.

“It is critical,” he wrote in a 2013 Post op-ed. “Indeed, precisely because it is so critical, this campaign is not going away, no matter how much the NFL or Snyder wants it to.”

But an overwhelming majority of Native Americans disagree, with just 1 in 10 saying they consider the issue “very important.”

“I really don’t mind it. I like it. . . . We call other natives ‘skins,’ too,” said Gabriel Nez, a 29-year-old Navajo who left his reservation last year to study criminal justice at a college in New Mexico.

“The name is nothing to me,” said Jarvis Michael Horn, a 39-year-old member of the Winnebago Tribe who works at a corner grocery store in Iowa.

“For me, it doesn’t make any difference,” said Charles Moore, a 73-year-old Oneida of Wisconsin who as a physician treated patients for four decades before retiring in Minnesota.

The poll, which has a 5.5 percentage-point margin of sampling error, was conducted by randomly calling cellular and landline phones. It asked questions only of people who identified themselves as Native American, after being asked about their ethnicity or heritage.

Those interviewed highlighted again and again other challenges to their communities that they consider much more urgent than an NFL team’s name: substandard schools, substance abuse, unemployment.

“Let’s start taking care of our people and quit worrying about names like Washington Redskins,” said Randy Whitworth, 58, who lives on the Flathead Indian Reservation in Montana.

But Harjo questioned the validity of the poll results and said they do not reflect what she has seen during her decades of involvement with the issue.

“I don’t accept self-identification. People say they’re native, and they are not native, for all sorts of reasons,” she said. “Those of us who are leaders in Indian Country... know who we are representing. We also know if we are representing a minority view. And this is not the case here. Our experience is completely the opposite of the Annenberg poll and this one. I just reject the whole thing.”

Others, including Senate Minority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.), Rep. Betty McCollum (D-Minn.) and veteran NBC broadcaster Bob Costas, said The Post’s findings would not alter their view that the name is offensive.

It remains uncertain how the poll will affect either the stadium discussion or the trademark case.

Although the Redskins have a lease at FedEx Field in Landover, Md., until 2027, team officials have acknowledged that they hope to relocate well before then.

Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan (R), Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D) and Washington Mayor Muriel E. Bowser (D) have all expressed interest in making a deal with the team. Hogan has defended the moniker, while McAuliffe has avoided criticizing it. Bowser and some D.C. Council members have publicly condemned it as “racist and derogatory.”

On Thursday, a spokesman for the mayor told The Post that “the concern about the team name is well documented and far reaching — from the Oval Office to the halls of Congress to the D.C. Council chambers.”

But news that such a large percentage of Native Americans do not care about the name could provide the necessary political cover for District leaders to welcome Snyder’s club to return to the site of RFK Stadium, where the Redskins used to play.

The federal government, however, would also have to approve because RFK stands on National Park Service land controlled by the Interior Department. The current secretary, Sally Jewell, has echoed Obama’s opposition to the name.

Attorneys for the Redskins and Native American activists declined on Thursday to discuss the poll’s potential impact on the trademark case. Some experts say the survey’s results could help the team, but others argue that the data cannot be admitted as evidence because the case is no longer at the trial level.

Lower courts have said that Indians’ opinions on the term matters only between 1967 and 1990, when the team’s trademarks were registered.

Two years ago, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office’s appeal board ruled that “Redskins” offended a substantial number of Native Americans at the relevant time, violating the Lanham Act, which bars potentially disparaging names from trademark protection. A federal district judge upheld the order last summer. Now, the Redskins have petitioned the Supreme Court to weigh in, arguing that, regardless of whether the name offends Native Americans, the Lanham Act violates the team’s free-speech rights.

Amid the legal maneuvering and name-change push, some Indians interviewed by The Post voiced resentment toward the activists. A small percentage of their community had, in their minds, spoken for the majority.

“It’s 100 people okay with the situation, and one person has a problem with it, and all of a sudden everyone has to conform,” said New York resident Judy Ann Joyner, 64, a retired nurse whose grandmother was part-Shawnee and part-Wyandot. “You’ll find people who don’t like puppies and kittens and Santa Claus. It doesn’t mean we’re going to wipe them off the face of the earth.”

But an important question remains: Is it appropriate for the name of a professional sports team to insult any percentage of a population that has historically been so mistreated by this country’s majority?

Tara Houska, a tribal attorney who lives in the District and has organized protests against the name, argued that neither a majority opinion nor a fan’s passion should matter if the imagery hurts the psyches of young natives — and research shows that it does.

“A tomahawk chop and a bunch of people wearing redface does not honor me in any sense of the word, and it certainly does not honor Native American children,” said Houska, a member of the Couchiching First Nation. “To me, it doesn’t matter if my feelings are hurt. Yes, it is offensive, and I don’t like seeing it everywhere. But what really matters is how this affects our youth.”

Nowhere are the nuances of this complex debate more apparent than in a mobile home amid the mountains, rivers and forests on Montana’s Flathead Indian Reservation, where Rusty Whitworth lives with his wife, Anita.

Whitworth is a member of the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes. A laborer who has worked on ranches most of his life, he said he does not mind the name.

“Just let them keep it,” he said of the team. “It ain’t hurting nobody.”

Anita Whitworth, 62, also belongs to the confederation. A mother of five who worked for years as a chemical-dependency counselor, she hates the name.

She views it much the same way that many activists do. They argue that the central problems ravaging native communities — poverty, violence and addiction — can only be fixed if young people take pride in who they are.

Her youngest, Whitworth said, is a dark-skinned 13-year-old who attends an almost entirely non-native school in a region long plagued by racial tension.

When she looks at him, Whitworth thinks back to the years of disparagement she’s endured.

She has seen store employees follow her because they suspect she will steal something. She has heard derogatory comments in restaurants.

She has also been called a “Redskin.”

“I don’t want to ever have my son experience anything like that,” she said. “It’s time to change. It’s time to move on.”

Ian Shapira, Emily Guskin, Jonathan O’Connell, Aaron C. Davis and Jennifer Jenkins contributed to this report.",1
1057,"The Trump Network sought to make people rich, but left behind disappointment","The salespeople at Ideal Health were thrilled when they heard Donald Trump would become the new face of their company. The New York real estate mogul, whose reality show “The Apprentice” made him famous, licensed his name to the firm, which was then rebranded as the Trump Network in 2009.

“Oh, my god, people cried when they heard it was him,” says Jenna Knudsen, who worked as a high-ranking saleswoman for Ideal Health at the time. “They cried and looked at each other and said, ‘We’re going to be millionaires!’ ”

Knudsen and her colleagues sold customized vitamins and other health products as part of a controversial business model known as multilevel marketing, in which companies pay salespeople commissions for selling products and recruiting more representatives.

Trump, whose presidential campaign is based in part on his reputation as a businessman, is well known for licensing his name to golf courses, hotels, clothing, wine and many other products. But in this case, he became involved in an industry that consumer advocates had long criticized as promising financial independence to sales recruits but rarely delivering it. Ideal Health had already faced complaints about its practices.

Trump says he was not involved in the company’s operations. But statements by him and other company representatives — as well as a plethora of marketing materials circulating online — often gave the impression of a partnership that was certain to lift thousands of people into prosperity. In fact, within a few years, the company fell on hard times, leaving some salespeople in tough financial straits. It ultimately was acquired by another firm.

But when Trump joined forces with Ideal Health, he was enthusiastic about its future.

“When I did ‘The Apprentice,’ it was a long shot. This is not a long shot,” Trump told a Trump Network convention of at least 5,000 people in Miami in 2009, his face projected onto a giant screen. “This is going to be something that’s really amazing.”

“It’s going to be our company as a group,” he added.

Sales people affiliated with the newly branded company also highlighted the relationship. “We’re working on projects behind the scenes every single day with Mr. Trump,” Kim Stone, who was one of the highest-level sales representatives in the company, says in a video that was posted online in early 2010. “Literally you will be able to set yourself up for the rest of your life, financially speaking, if you take advantage of the timing right now with this company.”

In an interview, Stone said many salespeople believed Trump would be more involved. “Initially when the owners said we’re all becoming Trump Network, they kind of led the field to believe he was financially a part of it,” she said. “And technically it was just this branding deal.”

Trump attorney Alan Garten said in a statement that Trump has always been transparent about his relationship with the network. Some materials, such as the company’s website, did contain fine-print disclosures.

“His role in the Trump Network was limited to licensing the ‘Trump’ brand and providing motivational speeches to its members. Mr. Trump was never an owner of the Trump Network. He also was not involved in the manufacturing or sale of any of the Trump Network’s products,” Garten said. “To be clear, Mr. Trump’s role in the Trump Network was clearly disclosed, to everyone involved in the company and its members, whether it be in the member’s independent contractor agreements, the marketing materials, or on the products themselves.”

Interviews with nine former salespeople and industry and academic experts — as well as court filings, Federal Trade Commission complaints and Trump Network documents and videos that remain online today — tell the story of Trump leveraging his name and reputation, only to leave some disappointed when imagined benefits did not materialize.

Trump Network is not the first Trump-affiliated company to receive scrutiny. Another of Trump’s branding arrangements has become a topic in the campaign: Trump University, which has been sued, along with Trump, for promising to teach people unique ways to make money in real estate -- a program that would cost thousands of dollars -- without actually delivering any effective lessons. Students also say they were misled about the extent of Trump’s involvement. Trump has rejected the allegations.

Some of Trump Network’s sales representatives who suffered after the company ran into trouble say the lack of commitment by Trump and the Trump Network’s owners let them down. Knudsen — who had reached one of the company’s top sales ranks, had thousands of people working under her and at one point was earning thousands of dollars a month — ended up losing her house. Her car, purchased as part of the company’s rewards program, was repossessed in the middle of the night. She said she was a single mother with no alimony and no child support, and her kids were traumatized.

“They changed us to the Trump Network, so we thought we were his company, he was invested in us. But we were just an endorsement. We were just paying to rent his name,” Knudsen said. “Was Trump to blame? We don’t know, but he certainly did not do what he said. He did not support us, he did not make this company his baby company. And somewhere between [the owners] and Donald Trump, they devastated thousands of people. And no one ever apologized.”

The road to the Trump Network

When he set his sights on Ideal Health in the late 2000s, Trump did not hint at any qualms about the industry. “I’m a big fan of network marketing,” Trump said at the Miami convention in 2009, which featured circus performers on stilts and a massive dance party.

Ideal Health was started in 1997 by Scott Stanwood, his brother Todd and Lou DeCaprio, who had worked together in the multilevel marketing business. Ideal Health’s flagship product — later the Trump Network’s — was a multivitamin, tailored for customers based on a urine test. It cost $139.95, plus $69.95 a month for the vitamins, plus $99.95 for additional testing every six months. Former salespeople praised the product, saying it helped customers live healthier lives. But some experts say it was of questionable value.

“There’s very little evidence to suggest that this test is going to provide you with clinically meaningful information, or that the supplements they provide are going to make you healthy,” said Timothy Caulfield, a public health professor at the University of Alberta and longtime analyst of alternative medicine.

But most of the controversy surrounding Ideal Health, and later the Trump Network, stems from how these companies rewarded and recruited sales representatives. Although many multilevel marketing companies are legal, the FTC has called some thinly disguised pyramid schemes.

Scott Stanwood said he couldn’t comment because of confidentiality agreements with the Trump Organization. He said he was speaking on behalf of Ideal Health and the Trump Network’s other owners.

As is common with the model, Trump Network sales representatives made money when they sold products, and when salespeople working under them made purchases. They weren’t employees, so they weren’t guaranteed a salary. And because salespeople paid upfront for products each month, they bore a lot of the risk.

A Trump Network compensation plan shows that those in sales were promised big rewards for recruitment. A hypothetical example presented by the company showed that salespeople could build “levels” of salespeople under them and would earn commissions of $100, $25 or $20 each time a new recruit bought a business starter kit for $497. “Extraordinary growth on Level 7,” the plan says, “2,187 people x $20 = A Lot of Money.”

In one complaint to the FTC, obtained through a Freedom of Information Act request by The Washington Post, one former sales representative recounted spending $1887.75 on starter kits and other materials. “[T]hey kept tricking me into believing that I will make money just by selling more products and inviting more people, but the rate of return is so low,” the consumer, who is not identified, wrote. “In other words, they are scamming and deceiving people, making them believe that if they ‘just hang in there’ they will make money.”

Garten said the Trump Network did not receive any complaints from the FTC. Katie Baker, an attorney with the FTC, said that the FTC does not reach out to companies to resolve individual complaints, but merely analyzes and compiles them.

Well before Trump got involved, Ideal Health had faced similar questions about its business practices, according to documents made public by a 2004 Freedom of Information Act request by the Minneapolis law firm Mansfield Tanick & Cohen.

Sales representatives said they paid thousands of dollars for leadership programs, infomercials, starter kits and other materials that they never recovered in sales. One consumer said they joined the company expecting to make a five-figure monthly income, but instead ended up spending $8,956.20 on promotional materials. Another claimed they were encouraged to mortgage their home for $70,000 to buy shares in TV advertising.

“They try to use people[’]s hopes and dreams to empty their wallets,” reads one complaint.

Trump was not new to multilevel marketing. He already had been involved for several years with ACN Inc., a company that sells phone and other services. According to documents released earlier this year by his campaign, in 2014 and 2015 Trump received $1.35 million in fees for three speaking engagements with ACN. ACN said that Trump was a paid keynote speaker at several company events, as were many other industry and business experts, and that he was not involved in any other facet of the business.

Trump was introduced to Ideal Health in early 2008 through Dean Blechman, a former chief executive of Ideal Health, and another associate, according to a court document from a subsequent separation lawsuit between Blechman and Ideal Health.

Ideal Health was “under-capitalized,” Blechman said, and the company was seeking a partnership to expand its recognition. So he and two other business contacts arranged a meeting with Trump at his office in Manhattan. Blechman says Trump liked the idea of promoting health, as well as creating jobs and income for people through direct marketing.

“I brought the company a hundreds-of-millions-of-dollar revenue opportunity,” Blechman said. “There was nobody in the world, nobody, not a single person in the world, that was more perfect than Donald Trump.”

At first, Trump considered taking a stake in the company, according to the court document. Trump’s attorney Garten said the billionaire “became involved with the Trump Network because he believed in the strength of the management team,"" but said only a licensing agreement was ever envisioned. Ultimately, in March 2009, the parties settled on an agreement in which Ideal Health would license Trump’s likeness and trademarks, and Trump would promote its products.

Trump’s endorsement persuaded some salespeople to quit their day jobs and recruit friends, family and neighbors to join, according to interviews and contemporary news stories. The network grew to more than 20,000 people, from 5,000 before his involvement, the Boston Globe reported in 2010.

As many Americans were confronting the aftermath of the financial crisis and the Great Recession, Trump touted the network as a salvation.

“The economic meltdown, greed and ineptitude in the financial industry have sabotaged the dreams of millions of people. Americans need a new plan,” he said in an introductory video. “They need a new dream. The Trump Network wants to give millions of people renewed hope, and with an exciting plan to opt out of the recession.”

Sara Harper, a former Trump Network saleswoman in San Diego, said the overall message she and her colleagues received made it easy to think that Trump was a substantial part of the business. “A picture was painted that he was involved at a level of business decision-making that I don’t think he really was,” she said.

Several salespeople said that following in Trump’s footsteps was a major attraction.

People saw the Trump Network as an opportunity to be associated with “the biggest business brand in the world,” says Lenny Izzo, a chiropractor who was one of the Trump Network’s top salespeople.

“With Trump coming in, they hyped it up to make us believe, oh, it’s not going to take us long now; we’re going to make money so much faster,” said Yvonne Zook, who was a mid-level sales representative.

But over the next few years, according to several of the salespeople, far fewer people started showing up at the annual conferences. And by late 2011, some suddenly stopped receiving their payments and began to leave the company.

Garten said many people enjoyed financial success with the network. ""But, like with any business venture, you get what you put into it,” he said.

He added that any problems at the Trump Network that came up ""were solely the result of the financial crisis.""

Others, though, suggest alternative reasons for why the company struggled, including mismanagement and profligacy by the owners, such as spending on a new office and flashy promotional events, and an awkward fit between the Trump brand and a health and wellness product.

Some sales representatives don’t criticize Trump for the business’s struggles, saying he did his best in a limited relationship. “He did exactly what he was asked to do. And I think that’s why people were excited, because they thought that this could be the turnaround for the company, because they felt that he had the business sense,” said Carolyn Connolly, a top saleswoman.

According to public records, the Trump Network’s owners, Todd and Scott Stanwood and Lou DeCaprio, filed for bankruptcy. The trio lost the 8,000-square-foot home with an infinity pool where they lived together north of Boston.

Around the end of 2011, Trump’s licensing contract ended, and in early 2012 the business was sold to another company, Bioceutica, for an undisclosed sum. Trump’s attorney says those in sales who signed on with Bioceutica received outstanding payments. Bioceutica declined to comment.

Izzo says that Trump could have saved the company “if he had stepped in … but he didn’t have good reason to do that.” Izzo, who also went bankrupt, added: ""Could he have approached this differently? Absolutely. Could he have taken less fees, could he have stepped in and guided the company differently? He could have, but that wasn’t the choice.”

The myth and the reality of Donald Trump’s business empire

Donald Trump’s first Cabinet pick is just as controversial as he is, and a lot richer",1
296,House GOP leaders desperate to avoid shutdown,Top Dems want White House to call off Part B demo — The next cancer drug shortage,1
1163,"Clinton, Sanders clash over Obama, more at testy debate","Hillary Clinton launched her harshest attacks yet on Bernie Sanders during their debate Thursday night in Milwaukee, in a clear attempt to define their differences on major issues and win over black voters — but they had their most heated exchanges over campaign financing, who was the stronger supporter of President Obama — and who was a friend of Henry Kissinger.

The debate fell at a time when Sanders is trying to build his momentum after his big New Hampshire win, while Clinton is trying to regain hers.

As Sanders pointedly reminded her, “You’re not in the White House yet.”

But the candidates at times offered a similar message. This was evident as they vociferously called for an overhaul of local police departments that they suggested are unfair to black people.

“We need fundamental police reform,” Sanders said, adding he’s “sick and tired” of seeing unarmed black people shot by police. He likened heavily equipped police departments to “occupying armies.”

Clinton, meanwhile, echoed those themes, joining Sanders in calling for sentencing reform while saying the country’s “systemic racism” goes deeper and must be addressed – in education, housing and the job market.

“We are seeing the dark side of the remaining systemic racism that we need to root out,” she said.

The comments were part of each candidate’s revived appeal to minority voters, a key voting bloc as the Democratic presidential primary heads to South Carolina.

But even as they stressed those issues, differences were laid bare at the PBS-hosted debate in Milwaukee. And Sanders came prepared to counter Clinton’s attacks, showing a feistier side than he did at their last showdown.

When Clinton used her closing remarks to suggest Sanders was taking shots at President Obama, Sanders called it a “low blow” and countered: “One of us ran against Barack Obama. I was not that candidate.”

He even underscored his critique of Clinton’s foreign policy by pointing to a book where Clinton said she was mentored by former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger.

“I am proud to say that Henry Kissinger is not my friend,” Sanders said, calling him “one of the most destructive” American diplomats.

Clinton fired back that “we have yet to know” who Sanders listens to on foreign policy.

The two also clashed sharply over Sanders’ high-cost, big-government plans.

“We are not England. We are not France,” Clinton said.

Clinton accused Sanders of pushing programs that would grow the federal government by 40 percent. She suggested his health care promises “cannot be kept “and will be far more costly than he admits.

“We should level with the American people,” she said.

She also said Sanders’ plans would upend ObamaCare – though Sanders said he would not “dismantle” it.

“That is absolutely inaccurate,” he said, when she claimed his plans would leave many people worse off.

“In my view, health care is a right of all people … and I will fight for that,” Sanders said, adding it would take “courage.”

Clinton also criticized Sanders for voting against a 2007 immigration reform bill backed by the late Sen. Ted Kennedy.

Sanders explained that the bill had a guest-worker program that progressive groups opposed.

“I think Ted Kennedy had a very clear idea of what needed to be done,” Clinton said.

Yet the candidates agreed in their joint criticism of the Obama administration’s recent deportation raids.

Sanders, meanwhile, once again hammered Clinton for her Wall Street ties, suggesting the financial sector’s big donations are meant to buy influence.

“Let’s not insult the intelligence of the American people. People aren’t dumb,” Sanders said. “Why in God’s name does Wall Street make huge campaign contributions? I guess just for the fun of it.”

They sparred on the issue as Sanders touted the fact he’s “the only candidate up here” who has no super PAC supporting him. A super PAC backing Clinton, he said, recently raised $15 million from Wall Street.

Clinton countered by noting that Obama took Wall Street donations too, but “when it mattered, he stood up and took on Wall Street.”

“Let’s not in any way imply here that either President Obama or myself would in any way not take on any vested interest,” she said, calling for more regulation of the financial sector.

The showdown comes as Clinton tries to reset the race, which heads next to Nevada and South Carolina. Her narrow victory in Iowa and resounding defeat in New Hampshire have raised fresh questions about her candidacy, which at one point was seen as a sure thing for the Democratic nomination.

Publicly, the Clinton campaign is voicing confidence. The campaign has been refocusing on the battle to lock down minority voter support, asserting that with their help, the former secretary of state can easily make gains against Sanders. But Sanders is at the same time making a bid to expand his own support beyond rural, white voters -- who largely decide Iowa and New Hampshire.

While the Clinton campaign is banking on minority voters as it heads into South Carolina and other delegate-rich states down the primary calendar, Tuesday’s contest exposed serious problems for her. She lost in New Hampshire across almost every demographic, including women.

Overall, she lost to Sanders by more than 20 points.",1
1391,"As first voting nears, Trump seems stronger","One week before the first votes of the 2016 campaign are cast, Donald Trump has solidified his standing nationally, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll. Republicans see Trump as the strongest candidate on major issues and by far the most electable in the large field of GOP hopefuls.

The Republican electorate is in a sour mood as its members prepare to begin the process of picking a presidential nominee. Almost 9 in 10 say the country is seriously off on the wrong track, and more than 8 in 10 are dissatisfied with the way the federal government works, including nearly 4 in 10 who say they’re angry about it.

Two-thirds worry about maintaining their current living standard, more than 6 in 10 say people with similar values are losing influence in American life, and about half say the nation’s best days are behind it. Half also say immigrants mainly weaken American society, compared with 55 percent of the overall population who say immigrants strengthen America.

Amid this political climate, Trump has maintained his place atop the Republican field for six months. He now receives the support of 37 percent of registered Republicans and Republican-leaning independents, almost identical to the 38 percent support he enjoyed a month ago.

Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas runs second in the national survey, with 21 percent, surpassing his previous high of 15 percent in December. Third place belongs to Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida at 11 percent, virtually unchanged from 12 percent a month ago.

Rounding out the field are retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson at 7 percent, former Florida governor Jeb Bush at 5 percent, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie at 4 percent, businesswoman Carly Fiorina at 3 percent, former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee and Ohio Gov. John Kasich at 2 percent each, and Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky at 1 percent. Former Pennsylvania senator Rick Santorum registered less than 1 percent.

When first and second choices are combined, Trump is named by 49 percent, Cruz by 39 percent and Rubio by 32 percent — well ahead of the others.

At this point in presidential campaigns, as the primary season is beginning, candidates’ support can be tenuous and shift quickly in response to the first state-level contests. Results in Iowa, which holds its caucuses Monday, and in New Hampshire, which votes eight days later, often scramble national numbers. Trump enters this crucial phase strong nationally, but it isn’t clear what a loss in Iowa would do to his support.

But The Post-ABC survey offers some clues. Trump’s supporters appear more committed to him than do people backing other candidates. A majority (57 percent) of Trump supporters say they will definitely vote for him. For all the other candidates combined, 34 percent are as firmly committed, while nearly two-thirds say they could change their minds.

Trump’s committed support exceeds what the previous Republican nominee received before the Iowa caucuses four years ago: 36 percent of former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney’s supporters said then that they would definitely support his candidacy.

The poll also finds no sign that Trump’s support wavers among the Republicans who are most likely to attend primaries and caucuses, which are typically low-turnout contests. Trump’s 16-point advantage among all registered Republican voters is similar to his lead among Republicans who say they are certain to vote, report voting in 2012 Republican contests or are following the race “very closely.”

Although there was resistance to his candidacy at the beginning, Trump now is broadly acceptable to GOP voters. About 2 in 3 Republicans say they would find him acceptable as their nominee, a percentage almost identical to Cruz’s and Rubio’s. Rubio is seen as the least unacceptable, followed by Cruz, Carson and then Trump. Only about half of Republicans say Christie and Bush are acceptable, and Bush has the highest “unacceptable” percentage at 45.

That fluidity underneath Trump is the other story of the Republican race to date. One after another candidate has been seen as surging, in Iowa or New Hampshire. Cruz surged into a narrow lead in Iowa and then got into a fight with Trump, after which Trump has regained a small advantage.

Cruz, Christie and Kasich have claimed some momentum in New Hampshire. Rubio is seeking a clear third-place finish in Iowa and a strong finish in New Hampshire to use as springboards into the later contests. But whether Republicans are heading for a three-person race or a two-person race won’t be clear until the results are in from the first four states.

The new Post-ABC survey suggests that a sizable majority of Republicans believe that whatever happens in those early states, Trump will emerge with the nomination — a dramatic shift from when he first entered the race in June to mixed reviews and overcame widespread unfavorable impressions among GOP voters before his campaign launched. Today, more than 6 in 10 Republicans say Trump is most likely to win the nomination, up from 4 in 10 in the late fall.

Trump leads among nearly all demographic groups, including a narrow advantage among white evangelical Christians, a key target of the Cruz campaign. Trump’s strongest support comes from those with incomes below $50,000. Previous surveys showed Trump with significantly more support among those lacking a college degree, compared with those who have graduated from college. The new survey finds no significant difference.

The reality TV star scores best among those who are most dissatisfied with government and the country’s direction and with those who say they prefer someone from outside the political system rather than a candidate with political experience. Overall, a bare majority of Republicans say they are looking for an outsider, while just over 4 in 10 who want someone with experience in politics.

On a wide range of issues and candidate attributes, Trump dominates his rivals. Majorities of Republicans say he has the best chance of getting elected president and is most likely to bring needed change to Washington. More than a third say he is closest to them on issues. He and Carson are seen as the most honest of the GOP candidates, while Trump and Cruz are seen as having the best personality and temperament to serve as president.

Half or more of all Republicans name Trump as the candidate best able to handle the economy and regulate the banks. More than 4 in 10 say he would be the best to handle immigration and the threat of terrorism.

Trump is seen by about 3 in 10 as the most capable of the GOP candidates to handle a major international crisis. Cruz is second, named by almost a quarter of Republicans.

Republicans are bullish about their chances of winning in November. Three in 4 say Trump would defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton, while just over 6 in 10 say Cruz or Rubio would defeat the former secretary of state. Republicans are even more optimistic about winning a general election against Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont.

Among the broader public, however, Clinton is seen as a favorite to defeat Trump, Cruz or Rubio. She is perceived as having a better chance of winning than would Sanders.

Trump won the endorsement of former Alaska governor Sarah Palin last week, but her support appears to be mostly a non-factor in the race. About 8 in 10 of the Republican respondents in the poll said it makes no difference, and the rest split evenly on whether it makes them more or less likely to back Trump. Overall, 56 percent of Republicans have a favorable impression of Palin.

The Post-ABC poll was conducted Jan. 21-24 among a random national sample of 1,001 adults reached on land-line and cellular phones. The margin of sampling error for overall results is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points; the error margin is 5.5 percentage points among the sample of 356 Republican and Republican-leaning registered voters.",1
444,3 reasons the economy boomed in 2015,"December's job growth numbers are in, and they make it official: 2015 was the second-strongest year for job growth since the 1990s, and only slightly behind the big gains of 2014. Unemployment fell in 2015 from an already low 5.6 percent at the end of 2014 to 5 percent in December 2015. Wages grew 2.5 percent during 2015, which isn't a huge number but looks more impressive when you remember that inflation was close to zero for the year.

So what accounts for the second straight year of strong economic results? The US economy is a complex system, so it would be a mistake to point to any single factor as driving economic growth and job creation. No one fully understands how and why economies grow. And to some extent, you could look at 2015's solid but not spectacular performance as the kind of thing that happens when there's nothing holding the economy back.

But we can also identify several specific factors that positively influenced economic growth in 2015.

Short-term interest rates fell to zero percent in 2008, and the Federal Reserve kept them there until December 2015. Lower interest rates tend to promote economic growth and job creation. Some people believe the Fed should have done even more — earlier in the recession the Fed ran a series of ""quantitative easing"" programs to pump even more money into the economy, which it phased out in 2014 — but there's little doubt that the Fed's decision to keep interest rates near zero percent for most of the year promoted faster job growth than an earlier interest rate hike would have done.

In December, the Federal Reserve raised its target interest rate by 0.25 percent, and signaled that it may increase rates further in 2016. That may create a drag on the economy this year.

Oil prices were high — around $100 per barrel from 2011 until mid-2014. But then prices started to fall, and they haven't stopped since. They were around $50 per barrel when 2015 began, and they've now fallen below $35 per barrel.

Energy is an important input to lots of different products and services, so cheaper oil (and other fossil fuels like natural gas) meant that everyone not associated with the oil industry had a bit of extra cash in their pockets in 2015.

It's hard to say exactly where that extra cash went — at least some of it went to boost people's savings and pay down debt — but consumers also spent some of it on other stuff. That provided a nice economic tailwind throughout 2015.

Since the Great Recession, state and local governments have been tightening their belts. Early in the recession, this added to the magnitude of job losses; later, it partially offset job gains in the private sector.

But as this data from the Brookings Institution shows, things started to change in mid-2014. After years of shedding employees, state and local governments started hiring again.

Overall, Brookings estimates that federal, state, and local government spending and tax policies exerted a modestly positive effect on the growth of gross domestic product — that's after four years of spending cuts and tax hikes that Brookings argues imposed a net fiscal drag on economic growth.",1
744,"Donald Trump, Paul Ryan and GOP 'unity.' It's all about the numbers, America","Just days after Donald Trump showed faint interest in building broad-based Republican support and House Speaker Paul Ryan seemed averse to his party’s nominee-in-waiting, the two have met and now there’s talk of GOP “unity.”

Why this about face after a couple of hours of face time in the nation’s capital? Because Trump and Ryan are numbers guys (one with real estate, the other with federal budgets).

And these numbers stand out: 93, 32 and 5.

In 2012, Mitt Romney reaped 93 percent of the GOP vote. However, Republicans constituted only 32 percent of the national electorate. Trump doesn’t win in November without a better quantitative showing. And Ryan could be back in the minority should Trump lose by more than 5 percent in states with vulnerable Republican congressman.

Simply put, it’s in both Trump's and Ryan’s short-term interests to be cordial at a minimum, even while maintaining serious policy differences that aren’t going away anytime soon despite this first attempt a little détente (you’ll know it’s a bromance if the hard-exercising Ryan agrees to a round of golf; or Trump goes bow-hunting in Wisconsin).

Despite the hoopla surrounding this meeting, it doesn’t ensure Republican “peace in our time,” as a failed British prime minister famously said. Though Trump has on occasion shown signs of a willingness to alter stances (most notably, the mass deportation of illegal immigrants), publicly acceding to a congressional agenda undermines Trump’s brand of anti-establishment and anti-status-quo thinking that warned him the party’s nomination. Just as Ryan won’t publicly give up on his conservative principles – most notably: entitlement reform (which I’d guess is the closed-door promise he’s seeking from Trump in exchange for a public endorsement).

Then again, would you rather be Donald Trump, trying to strike a deal with a practical fellow like Paul Ryan, or Hillary Clinton trying to come to terms with an irascible 74-year-old socialist?

The more primaries he wins, the more Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders buys into the notion that he’s on a mission. Such self-deluded candidates don’t retire from the field gracefully. Good luck finding unity there. And good luck getting it — without having to further to socialist vision that work only in those parts of America where Whole Foods and marijuana dispensaries are plentiful.

W.C. Fields had it wrong: I’d rather not be in Philadelphia, where the Democrats will convene for their national convention and try to settle their differences. 



Bill Whalen is a research fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution, where he analyzes California and national politics. He also blogs daily on the 2016 election at www.adayattheracesblog.com. Follow him on Twitter @hooverwhalen.",1
4839,The no-transparency election,"(CNN) The 2016 election is setting new lows for presidential transparency in the modern era.

Hillary Clinton is under fire for waiting until she nearly collapsed at a public event Sunday to disclose she was diagnosed Friday with pneumonia. She hasn't provided a full accounting of her health, though Donald Trump has revealed far less. The Republican nominee is departing with decades of tradition by not releasing his tax returns, which could provide key details about his investments and financial interests. And both candidates have declined traveling with a ""protective pool"" of reporters that follow them to provide continuous coverage of their activities.

On Monday night, transparency questions surfaced again as PBS interviewer Charlie Rose grilled former President Bill Clinton about his family's foundation.

In other words, Trump and Clinton have less than two months to close the sale, but most voters aren't sure exactly what they're buying.

Few candidates relish throwing open their most intimate health and financial secrets. But the issue is particularly acute this year given Trump's decades of business dealings. And, of course, Trump, 70, and Clinton, 68, would be the oldest and second oldest presidents inaugurated for a first term in a job that comes with intense physical and mental demands -- making their health a highly relevant issue.

""It's just the kind of thing that if it happens to you and you're a busy active person, you keep moving forward,"" she said. ""I think it's fair to say, Anderson, that people know more about me than almost anyone in public life. They've got 40 years of my tax returns, tens of thousands of emails, a detailed medical letter report, all kinds of personal details.""

Trump has said he will soon release details of a physical exam he underwent last week. In an interview Monday with CNN's Wolf Blitzer on ""The Situation Room,"" Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence said both candidates should release detailed medical information.

Trump's campaign manager Kellyanne Conway fought back against the allegations Tuesday that Trump's campaign shared Clinton's lack of transparency.

""As far as I can see, there are two major party candidates running for president and only one of them has pneumonia and lied about it, especially to the press because she always treats you all like second class citizens,"" Conway told CNN's Alisyn Camerota on ""New Day.""

'People have a right to know'

""People are vying for the highest office in the land,"" the Indiana governor said. ""People have a right to know.""

But when it comes to taxes, Pence said Trump wasn't violating any laws by withholding the data, though he acknowledged ""there's a bit of a tradition here.""

Trump has said he would release his returns once the Internal Revenue Service completes an audit. When pressed why Trump would not release topline information about previous returns now -- which would not interfere with the audit process -- Pence told Blitzer the Republican nominee would release his returns ""in totality"" and ""not parse them out piece by piece.""

Still, the Clinton campaign is already trying to use her weekend misfortune to increase pressure on Trump.

""We know more about Hillary Clinton in than any presidential candidate in history ... we know almost nothing about Donald Trump and he has got to come forward,"" Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook told CNN's Jake Tapper.

""I hope that there will be an even standard applied to getting them both to release sufficient information, not just on health but obviously we have the ongoing issue on taxes too,"" Kaine said in Ohio.

Politicians have long tried to shroud themselves in secrecy to varying degrees.

""You have had candidates that have been a little close to the vest before -- many of them if not all of them having something they would rather not talk about,"" said Bruce Buchanan, a presidential historian at the University of Texas at Austin.

But this year threatens to set unprecedented levels for the lack of disclosure, Buchanan said, because the election matches up two candidates who have ""reputations in that vein.""

Presidential candidates have not always been under such a spotlight.

After all, President Franklin Roosevelt took extensive -- and successful -- measures to hide his paralysis during his 1932 election campaign and subsequent presidency. President John Kennedy, despite a conjuring a mythology of youth and vitality, was one of the most unhealthy presidents ever to hold the office -- but his multiple ailments were not common knowledge at the time.

Clinton's case appears to have little in common with those two Democratic presidents -- and pneumonia is a fairly common complaint that should not impair her capacity to serve as President.

But her wobbly exit from a ceremony Sunday commemorating the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attack in New York created a sudden political storm for two reasons.

First, the episode and video of Clinton staggering into her van played into conservative conspiracy theories that she is hiding some kind of secret illness since sustaining a concussion while secretary of state and is not fit to serve -- a narrative without evidence that is often trumpeted by her opponent and his surrogates.

Then, the length of time it took for her campaign to say what is wrong -- with journalists in the dark about where she was -- fostered the idea that something was being covered up.

""It's not health itself that is the problem she has to deal with,"" CNN senior political analyst David Axelrod said on Monday. ""By allowing that six-hour gap they created this sense that they were trying to put one over on people and that is not helpful to her candidacy.""

The incident also played out as the Clinton campaign has spent months rebutting arguments against the Clinton Foundation, which Republicans have argued was a conduit for access to Hillary Clinton's State Department. In the Monday interview with Rose, Bill Clinton insisted ""we have been as transparent as we can be"" when it comes to the foundation.

""We've been more transparent than any other foundation -- more transparent than any other foundation has been asked to be, and certainly more transparent than anybody else in this line of work,"" he said.

Transparency is often uncomfortable for candidates.

But at the same time, people who run for President are assuming the ultimate public trust -- the Presidency of the United States, a position for which good health and a freedom from conflicts of financial interest are desirable if not essential. So any unwillingness to comply with what have become political norms for disclosure risks reflecting badly on a candidate's character.

Clinton's campaign promised to do better going forward — and is planning to offer more details about her health later this week.

In political terms, she now has little choice.

""If they keep trying to hide and obfuscate her real condition, it is going to be a big albatross all the way to election day,"" said Douglas Brinkley, a historian at Rice University on CNN's ""At This Hour with Berman and Bolduan.""

For her part, Clinton's physician did issue a health statement last year certifying that she was fit to serve as President. Trump has offered no such information. His only health disclosure was a note from his doctor saying his health was ""astonishingly excellent"" and that he would be the healthiest person ever elected president.

Neither candidate has approached the level of disclosure that another senior citizen candidate -- John McCain -- offered in 2008, when the cancer survivor invited select reporters to view over 1,000 pages of health records.

Even if Trump offers more health details, he still risks setting an unprecedented example on financial disclosure for future candidates. The billionaire has steadfastly refused to match Clinton -- and previous presidential nominees -- by releasing years of tax returns.

'Nobody cares about it'

""Nobody cares about it except some of the folks in the media. Nobody cares about it,"" Trump said in a Fox News interview earlier this month.

Trump has made his record in building a global business a pillar of his argument that he would be able to turn the economy around as President. Yet he has refused to publish tax returns that would allow voters to make their own assessment of his financial health or claims about his income.

Such disclosures would also permit voters and reporters to view Trump's charitable giving, which he has said has been substantial without providing evidence.

Trump did comply with election laws in May requiring candidates to release a financial statement, which claims a net worth of $10 billion and business interests all over the world. Trump also lists 16 liabilities for which he owes at least $315 million, according to the statement.

But the information does not offer details on the source of Trump's annual income -- information that would more typically be available on a tax return. That's important for voters to size up whether Trump would face conflicts of interest as President given his vast businesses interests around the globe. Critics have suggested that Trump could be compromised as President if he has heavy exposure to US adversaries like China and Russia.

It's also possible that Trump's returns show he paid a very low tax rate if his income comes mainly from capital gains or can be written off against property investments -- a factor that could be politically embarrassing.",1
955,It’s on: Tensions between Trump and the GOP escalate in public fight,"Tensions between the Republican Party and its own front-runner erupted into a full-blown public battle as top party officials rebuked Donald Trump on Friday for alleging that the GOP primary system was “rigged” against him.

The dispute, which has been simmering for days, centers on Trump’s failure to win any delegates last weekend in Colorado, which selected its 34 delegates at a party convention rather than a primary attended by voters. All went to Trump’s chief rival, Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas.

The outcome prompted a daily stream of complaints and allegations this week from Trump, who wrote in an op-ed published in Friday’s Wall Street Journal that the “system is being rigged by party operatives with ‘double-agent’ delegates who reject the decisions of voters.”

A senior Republican National Committee official fired back with a thinly veiled response, writing in a Friday memo to reporters that “each process is easy to understand for those willing to learn it.”

“It ultimately falls on the campaigns to be up to speed on these delegate rules,” wrote RNC communications director Sean Spicer. “Campaigns have to know when absentee ballots are due, how long early voting lasts in certain states, or the deadlines for voter registration; the delegate rules are no different.”

The fight again pits Trump against a Republican establishment that is still broadly opposed to his candidacy and struggling to reconcile with the possibility that he could be the GOP presidential nominee in November. Veterans of past presidential campaigns warned that the feuding could have an adverse effect on down-ballot races and on the ability to defeat Hillary Clinton, seen as the likely Democratic nominee, in the fall.

“Traditionally, this is the time that the party and front-runner come together and make the plans necessary to defeat the Democratic candidate in the fall,” said Michael Steel, who was an aide for Jeb Bush’s campaign and previously worked on the Mitt Romney campaign in 2012 and as spokesman for John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) when he was House speaker. “That’s clearly not happening, and it’s going to make it tougher to beat Secretary Clinton.”

Ron Bonjean, a former top adviser to Republican congressional leaders, called the Trump-RNC showdown “unprecedented” and warned that “taking a flamethrower to the Republican Party machine” could backfire on Trump.

“This is like a general severely criticizing his own special forces before ordering them to go into battle,” he said in an email. “Trump runs the risk of demoralizing grass-roots party organizers when he is going to need every asset to help him beat the Democratic nominee.”

One of the keys to Trump’s success until now has been his willingness to harshly criticize the party establishment, but he will need the support of the RNC in fundraising and get-out-the-vote efforts if he wins the nomination. This has left Trump boomeranging between fighting the party and trying to embrace it.

Early this week, for example, Trump used Twitter and his rally speeches to call the nomination process “corrupt,” “rigged” and one that rewards candidates who “play dirty tricks in order to pick up delegates.” In an interview with The Hill on Tuesday, Trump said RNC Chairman Reince Priebus “should be ashamed of himself because he knows what’s going on.”

Priebus responded on Twitter: “Nomination process known for a year + beyond. It’s the responsibility of the campaigns to understand it. Complaints now? Give us all a break.”

At the same time, behind the scenes, Trump’s campaign staff was finalizing plans to send representatives to the RNC’s upcoming spring meeting in Florida and to open an office in Washington. On Wednesday, the real estate mogul had lunch at Trump Tower in Manhattan with Megyn Kelly of Fox News, a longtime target of Trump’s who has come to symbolize his ongoing fight with the party establishment. Later that day, Trump announced he had hired GOP strategist Rick Wiley, who has a long history at the RNC.

By Wednesday night in Pittsburgh, where he held an evening rally, Trump seemed to have softened his tone. But then around midnight he complained about Colorado again in a series of tweets. “The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters,” Trump wrote at 11:53 p.m.

Steve House, chairman of the Colorado Republican Party, said he has been angered by Trump’s assertion that Colorado Republicans changed their rules in an attempt to block his rise. State law bars them from holding a primary, so the party held caucuses at the local level and completed its delegate slate at a convention, he said.

“I can’t believe people would think that Donald got in the race and we changed them because of him,” he said an interview. “No, we voted not to change our rules at all.”

On Thursday, it was back to peacemaking as one of Trump’s top aides met with lawmakers on Capitol Hill and the candidate attended two fundraisers for Republicans in New York. At a $1,000-per-plate dinner in Manhattan, Trump skipped his usual criticisms of his rivals and the Republican Party.

But then, Thursday night, the Journal op-ed under Trump’s name went online, reigniting the fires.

The fresh tension comes just as the party heads into another busy period of delegate allocation and selection. This weekend, seven states will hold meetings to select at least some of their delegates.

Republicans will gather in Georgia, Kansas, Oklahoma, South Carolina and Virginia for meetings in congressional districts to award their delegates. And in Wyoming, Republicans are hosting a convention similar to the one held in Colorado, and Trump’s team concedes that they are again poised to lose to Cruz.

Correction: An earlier version of this story incorrectly characterized how Colorado selects its Republican convention delegates.",1
823,"If Donald Trump wants to beat Hillary Clinton, he needs to win these 5 states","The Republican nomination is his. Now there's a new question: Can Donald Trump win the White House?

With a decisive victory in the Indiana primary Tuesday, the billionaire businessman who was initially ridiculed as a reality-TV candidate was declared the presumptive nominee by Republican National Chairman Committee Reince Priebus. Trump's final two rivals, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich, called it quits, sealing the most remarkable political rise in modern American history.

Now some of his primary rivals and other senior Republicans argue that Trump's lack of governmental experience and his unprecedented negative ratings — including among such crucial electoral groups as women, Latinos and young people — will doom his prospects in November. But as Trump likes to remind people, the conventional wisdom has been wrong about him from the start.

""It's been some unbelievable day and evening and year,"" Trump declared in a victory speech Tuesday night in the lobby of Trump Tower in New York, where he had announced his candidacy almost a year ago. “We’re going to win big league, believe me.""

He faces what could charitably be described as an uphill battle. A national CNN/ORC poll, taken April 28-May 1, showed Clinton with a daunting lead over Trump of 54%-41%. To win the White House, he needs to hold all of the states Mitt Romney won in 2012, with a total of 206 electoral votes, then add at least 64 more to get to the 270 mark to claim the presidency.

A look at five states that could hold the key to both how a Trump victory is possible and how difficult it will be. Here's one scenario that would give Trump 273 electoral votes — and the White House.

In the past 16 presidential elections, Arizona has voted Democratic just once, in 1996. But Trump's characterization of Mexican immigrants as rapists and murderers and his vow to build a wall along the Southern border have energized Latino voters here. In the latest RealClearPolitics average of recent statewide polls, Clinton leads the state by 3.5 percentage points. She and Trump showed strength in Arizona in its primaries last month, each winning by double digits.

Democrats say North Carolina has been moving in the party's direction, but after Barack Obama carried the state in 2008 he lost it in 2012. Now Clinton leads Trump by 2 points in statewide polls, and both husband Bill Clinton and daughter Chelsea Clinton have visited the state in recent weeks. Boosted by her solid support among African Americans, Clinton won the primary over Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders by 14 points in March; Trump edged Texas Sen. Ted Cruz by 3 points.

Florida defines a swing state: In the last six elections, Democrats have carried it three times, Republicans have carried it three times. In statewide polls, Clinton now leads, but by just 2.2 points. She's already returned to the state for campaign-related events since the Democratic primary in March, which she won by more than 30 points. But Trump has roots in Florida, including his lavish Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach. He crushed Florida Sen. Marco Rubio in the primary by close to 20 points after pushing former governor Jeb Bush out of the race entirely. Would ""Little Marco,"" as Trump called Rubio, pitch in to help in the fall?

No Republican has won the White House without carrying Ohio, and since 1960 the Buckeye State has had a perfect record of going with the national winner. At the moment, Clinton holds a lead in statewide polls, but it's narrow: 3.5 points. In March, she easily won the state's Democratic primary. Trump lost the Republican primary to the home-state governor, John Kasich. But Ohio's struggling manufacturing base and its hard-pressed blue-collar voters could provide a receptive audience for Trump's message in the general election. Kasich would be in a position to boost the GOP nominee, if he chose to do so. And where was Clinton campaigning Tuesday? Ohio.

Pennsylvania hasn't voted Republican in the presidential race since 1988, but the state includes many of the white working-class voters who are Trump's most fervent supporters. In last week's primary, Trump won two-thirds of Republican voters who didn't have a college degree, defeating Cruz overall by more than 2-1. Clinton won the Democratic primary by 12 points. In statewide polls now, Clinton leads by 7.4 points. As in Florida and Ohio, Pennsylvania has a competitive Senate race that could also play a role.",1
616,Reid plotting to stay in power,Ohio Democrat Tim Ryan does a lot of media but only has 2 public supporters,1
5001,"Trump shakes up campaign, prepares to roll out long-awaited ads","Donald Trump, hitting reset on his 2016 campaign, is preparing to roll out his first wave of general election TV ads in four pivotal battleground states after shaking up the top echelon of his team in a bid to focus his message and make up lost ground in the polls against Hillary Clinton.

“I am committed to doing whatever it takes to win this election, and ultimately become President because our country cannot afford four more years of the failed Obama-Clinton policies which have endangered our financial and physical security,” the Republican nominee said in a statement early Wednesday announcing the latest staffing changes.

In what was described as an expansion, Trump promoted pollster Kellyanne Conway to campaign manager and named Stephen Bannon, the co-founder of Breitbart News, as campaign chief executive. Trump said in the statement that Paul Manafort, who took over following the departure of Corey Lewandowski in June, will maintain his current title and work closely with Conway and Bannon on the campaign moving forward.

Meanwhile, a senior Trump aide told Fox News the campaign will be rolling out TV ads Friday in the battleground states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Florida and North Carolina.

This would be three days earlier than Manafort originally planned – the campaign had been preparing to launch ads after the Olympics, which end Sunday. Clinton, though, has been plastering the airwaves with ads, while taking a significant post-convention lead in a number of battleground and national polls.

Trump seems to be changing up his approach, amid concerns that his off-the-cuff style could be hurting him in the general election environment. In a shift, he delivered a scripted speech to a rally audience Tuesday night in Wisconsin, appealing to minority voters in part by accusing Clinton of ""bigotry"" and saying she sees African-Americans as no more than votes to be won.

In an interview with Fox News, Trump voiced confidence in the state of his campaign.

“We’ve got a lot of money in the bank and I haven’t spent any of it,” he said, while confirming his campaign would be airing ads soon.

“We’ve got some pretty good ads,” he said.

In a statement, Trump also called Conway and Bannon “extremely capable.”

Conway told Fox News that “everyone else” on the campaign will remain in place.

“This is an expansion during the busy homestretch in the campaign,” she added.

Trump will step off the stump Wednesday in order to attend his first classified briefing from intelligence officials, at the FBI office in New York.

On a conference call, Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook suggested little would change for Trump despite the staffing changes.

“What’s become clear from this is that no matter how much the establishment wants to clean Donald Trump up … and get him on message, he has officially won the fight to let Trump be Trump,” he said. “It’s time that we believe him.”

Though Trump previously has resisted repeated calls from fellow Republicans to change his approach on the campaign trail that has powered his surge to the top of the GOP field in the primary season, recent poll numbers have showed that Clinton has a sizeable lead in several key states. It could force Trump to pivot as the campaign moves forward, though he still downplays that possibility.

""You know, I am who I am,"" he told a local Wisconsin television station Tuesday. ""It's me. I don't want to change. Everyone talks about, 'Oh, well you're going to pivot, you're going to.' I don't want to pivot. I mean, you have to be you. If you start pivoting, you're not being honest with people.""

The Associated Press reported that the moves were discussed at a lengthy senior staff meeting at Trump Tower Tuesday while the billionaire mogul was on the road. Additional senior hires are expected to come in the next few days.

Trump, whose campaign is built on his persona as a winner, said several times that the campaign is ""doing well,"" and said his speech hours earlier in Wisconsin Tuesday was well-received.

""We're going to be doing something very dramatic,"" Trump added.

In the Wisconsin outing, Trump accused Clinton of ""bigotry"" and being ""against the police,"" claiming that she and other Democrats have ""betrayed the African American community"" and pandered for votes.

Clinton campaign spokeswoman Jennifer Palmieri responded with a statement early Wednesday accusing Trump of being the bigot instead.

""With each passing Trump attack, it becomes clearer that his strategy is just to say about Hillary Clinton what's true of himself. When people started saying he was temperamentally unfit, he called Hillary the same. When his ties to the Kremlin came under scrutiny, he absurdly claimed that Hillary was the one who was too close to Putin. Now he's accusing her of bigoted remarks -- We think the American people will know which candidate is guilty of the charge,"" she said.

Fox News’ Christopher Snyder, Carl Cameron, Dan Gallo and Jason Donner and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2671,Unskewing Facebook will take all kinds: Column,"Shortages of women, minorities and conservatives are shaping digital content in ways you can't see.

We’ve learned a lot this month about how Facebook picks its trending topics: A team of curators monitors lists of stories organized by an algorithm, boosting, banning and remixing headlines in real time. Those curators may or may not suppress conservative news, something that’s sparked questions about how the social network shapes the content users see.

Facebook is, of course, free to decide what to publish, but a public conversation about its methods is still a good thing, especially if that discussion focuses on more than political leanings.

Anyone troubled by the notion of bias at Facebook, including the conservative leaders who met with CEO Mark Zuckerberg on Wednesday, should also be upset by its lack of diversity and the homogeneous workforces of many tech companies. These cornerstones of the social web play significant roles in determining what is and isn’t news. If the default worker is white, male, straight and liberal, that increases the risk that journalism’s future will repeat the mistakes of its past.

It’s no secret that traditional journalism has a diversity problem. The American Society of News Editors’ most recent census found that just under 13% of daily newspaper journalists were non-white and 37% were female. Broadcast newsrooms are slightly more diverse, with 22% minorities and 41% women. As for ideology, only 7% of journalists in a 2013 Indiana University survey said they were Republicans. Four times as many said they were Democrats and over half were independents.

A diverse press corps matters for lots of reasons, but here’s the most important one: There’s no such thing as an objective journalist. Most of us strive for fairness and accuracy in our methods, but every choice we make — who we interview, what details we include, where to deploy our newsroom resources — reflects our own subtle biases. So, when everyone shares the same cultural identity, it’s easier to overlook important stories or to misrepresent entire segments of the population.

Practicing journalism means makes countless choices. The same it true when it comes to writing the computer code that powers Facebook and other digital platforms. Programmers, like journalists, help determine what goes viral and what vanishes into the deep recesses of the internet.

Facebook is more racially diverse than typical newsrooms: 55% of employees are white and 36% are Asian. Blacks, Hispanics and people who identify as mixed race make up the remaining 9%. Women, meanwhile, represent 32% of the total Facebook workforce. They fill just 16% of tech positions and represent 23% of senior leadership. Facebook staffers also show signs of leaning to the political left: They've been far more likely to support liberal candidates and causes, according to one analysis of campaign donations.

Just like good journalists strive for fairness, good programmers follow professional standards, but neither can escape subtle personal biases. Take, for instance, when software used by Little League Baseball to write game stories attached a male pronoun to (female) pitcher Mo’Ne Davis. There’s also evidence that programs used to screen resumes and loan applications may learn the biases of their creators.

When it comes to the modern information ecosystem, these subtleties matter more than ever before. We are, as the Nieman Lab’s Joshua Benton wrote last year, awash in a “wave” of distributed content — material created for platforms other than the news organization’s website. SnapChat Discover, Apple News and Facebook’s instant articles are just some of the ways news now finds it audience.

Groups like the National Association of Black Journalists, the Association of LGBT Journalists and the Journalism and Women Symposium (of which I’m a member) have worked for decades to diversify journalism. Yet the Facebook flap is a powerful reminder that pushing for change in newsrooms alone isn’t enough. Diversity matters for both the organizations producing the content and the organizations helping it find an audience.

Facebook’s employees should continue choosing the topics they believe are the most relevant, but users must demand that the people who make those choices — and the people who write the computer code that helps determine what choices are available — represent the full diversity of the human experience.

Meg Heckman, a writer on gender, politics and technology, is a lecturer in journalism at theUniversity of New Hampshire. Follow her on Twitter @meg_heckman.

In addition to its own editorials, USA TODAY publishes diverse opinions from outside writers, including our Board of Contributors. To read more columns, go to the Opinion front page and follow us on Twitter @USATOpinion.",1
3020,State parties can reduce polarization and improve the political system | Institution,"Amid dizzying chaos in presidential politics (at least on the Republican side) and seemingly intractable dysfunction in Washington, it’s tempting to conclude that stabilizing influences are nowhere to be found. But that wouldn’t be true. Hidden in plain view, state parties continue to play a critical and distinctive role in politics, and strengthening them is an achievable way to improve the functioning of the political system.

That is what Raymond J. La Raja (a political scientist with the University of Massachusetts at Amherst) and I conclude in a new Brookings report. In “The State of State Parties,” the two of us, along with U-Mass (Amherst) researcher Samuel VanSant Stoddard, looked up-close and in detail at the condition of state party committees, surveying all 100 of them (56 responded) and interviewing 15 of their leaders. We also compared our findings with earlier surveys, gathered national data, and interviewed national-level party officials. Our main conclusions:

Beyond its conclusions, our report provides a rich account of what state parties are doing and how well they’re doing it in the real world. The report’s findings are data driven and complemented with rich quotations and stories.

The disorganization of American politics is a generational problem that will take years to sort out. Being political realists, La Raja and I believe reforms need to be gradualist and doable, and they need to cut with, rather than against, the grain of everyday political incentives. State parties have been overlooked for too long, and they offer fertile ground for practical and attainable solutions for the growing dysfunction in American politics.",1
2548,Immigration Puzzle Confounds Republican 2016 Field,"Republicans are girding for a 2016 campaign debate with Democrats on immigration, but their presidential candidates are still unsure of the best way to handle an issue that could make or break their party’s ability to win back the White House.

Many of the contenders are equivocating or openly shifting their positions on the central question of how to handle the millions of people who are in the U.S. illegally, which Hillary Clinton...",1
4507,"Washington, DC, workers to get 16 weeks paid leave under city hall plan that taxes businesses","Washington, D.C., is poised to give workers in the city the most generous family-leave benefits in the country -- a plan that is backed by the Obama administration and would side-step Congress on such issues.

If approved, the legislation would give essentially every part- and full-time employee in the nation’s capital as much as 16 weeks of paid leave for such family matters as newborn care, illness or a sick relative.

The plan would be funded by an employer tax and was introduced last week with support from seven City Council members, enough to pass in the 13-person panel, in one of the most liberal cities in the country.

The Obama administration and other supporters argue lower-paid employees cannot afford to take off work for family matters and that 43 million U.S. private-sector workers have no employer-paid sick days.

“It’s important for women to take time at home when they have a child and for people to take time off when they have a sick family member,"" Dave Alpert, publisher of the news website Greater, Greater Washington, told FoxNews.com on Thursday. ""But a lot of people cannot afford to go without pay to do that. This bill would allow them to not have to make the all-or-nothing choice.""

Supporters also argue the United States lags far behind Europe in proving such benefits and that expanding such care would make the District of Columbia more competitive in the labor market.

However, businesses and other critics say the plan would over-burden some companies, particularly smaller ones and perhaps force them to leave.

“The D.C. Chamber of Commerce cannot support the legislation,” said group President Harry Wingo, suggesting, in part, a lack of adequate financial analysis. “This bill would be unprecedented and make the District of Columbia dangerously uncompetitive.”

The administration has thrown its full support behind the effort, making at least $1 million in Labor Department grant money available this year for cities and states.

In addition, agency Secretary Thomas Perez joined Valerie Jarrett, a senior adviser to President Obama, this spring on a cross-country promotional tour that also included blogs, web testimonials and an online Google Hangout chat.

“Across the country, state and local governments aren’t waiting for Congress to take action,” Perez said in April, after the “Lead to Leave” tour stopped in Providence, R.I.

He also reminded Americans that the administration is committed to expanding access to paid leave by “supporting cities and states seeking to enact paid leave policies” and that Obama in his 2015 State of the Union address called on them to pass legislation to expand sick pay for workers.

Obama has made some headway in efforts to increase wages and narrow the country’s so-called income-inequality gap, in part by using an executive order to increase the minimum wage for federal contract employees.

However, his efforts to increase the federal minimum wage from $7.25 to at least $10.10 an hour have failed in the Republican-controlled Congress.

“This is of national interest, and the District is leading the way,” D.C. Councilwoman Elissa Silverman, an Independent, said Thursday about the family leave proposal, which she is co-sponsoring.

Silverman also pointed out that companies like Netflix and Facebook are offering similar deals to in part attract and keep employees, “not just out of the goodness of their hearts.”

D.C. Mayor Muriel Bowser, a Democrat, has expressed support for the proposal but has also raised concerns about its potential fiscal impact on the city.

The D.C. plan, kick-started with at least $96,000 of the federal grant money, would create a fund by taxing city employers on a sliding scale.

The average annual cost would be roughly $385 per employee.

Employers would have to pay the equivalent of 1 percent of workers’ salaries of at least $150,000, or $1,500 a year.

Companies that pay the minimum wage ($10.50 an hour in the District) would pay about 0.6 percent, or about $131 annually for each employee.

Workers making up to $52,000 a year would be eligible for full wages or salary for a maximum 16 weeks. Those who make more would be eligible for the first $1,000 of their weekly income, plus a percentage of the remainder up to $3,000 a week.

Among the exceptions are the self-employed and people who travel into the District to work for a federal agency or office because the city cannot tax the U.S. government nor impose a commuter tax.

California, New Jersey and Rhode Island already have mandated policies on family leave, but the District’s offers more than twice as many paid weeks.",1
176,House Committee Votes To Remind Congress Its Job Is To Authorize Wars,"During a House Appropriations Committee hearing, lawmakers added language to the 2016 defense spending bill stating that ""Congress has a constitutional duty to debate and determine whether or not to authorize the use of military force"" against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, also known as ISIL or ISIS.

The amendment, offered by Rep. Barbara Lee (D-Calif.), has no binding effect. It does nothing to force a congressional debate on the duration, costs or endgame of the war. It simply states that it is Congress' responsibility to have that debate and then vote to authorize, or not to authorize, war.

""We must recognize that Congress has an important role to play in matters of war and peace. It's way past time to reassert Congress' role in war-making,"" said Lee. ""We can't allow this policy of endless war to continue. This amendment just says Congress has a constitutional duty to debate and determine whether to use military force against ISIL. A debate. Doing our job. That's all this amendment requires.""

President Barack Obama has been directing airstrikes against ISIS since August, and he's been doing so without new congressional authorization. The Constitution requires Congress to declare wars, but in this case, Obama said he doesn't need lawmakers' sign-off because a sweeping 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force covers his actions. Lawmakers have disputed that point for months, so the president sent them a new, Islamic State-specific AUMF proposal in February, saying he welcomed a vote on it, even though he doesn't think he needs it.

Democrats say Obama's proposal is too broad, Republicans say it's too restrictive, and their differences have given way to complacency. That leaves the U.S. engaged in a military campaign with no end in sight. The U.S. has already spent more than $2.1 billion, participated in more than 4,000 airstrikes and sent 3,000 military personnel to Iraq in the effort.

The reality is that many lawmakers don't want anything to do with a war authorization vote, for fear that if something goes wrong, their fingerprints will be on it. A handful of Democrats have been pushing for a debate and a vote, but neither GOP nor Democratic Party leaders are doing anything to make the issue a priority.

Tuesday's committee vote at least showed there is bipartisan support in the House for debating and voting on war authorization -- something House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) has signaled isn't going to happen on his watch.

""We are not only evading this responsibility on both sides of the aisle, quite frankly … but we are handing over war-making authority to the executive branch, to all future presidents, with both hands. It is a gigantic mistake not to do our job,"" said Cole.

Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen (R-N.J.) was among those who opposed Lee's amendment. He called it ""totally inappropriate"" to tie a war authorization measure -- even one that just states the role of Congress -- to the defense spending bill.

Lee offered two other amendments that were rejected. One would have repealed the 2001 AUMF, with a cushion of eight months for Congress to pass a new, ISIS-specific AUMF in its place. The other would have repealed the 2002 AUMF that authorized the Iraq War. Neither of those AUMFs have an expiration date, and Obama has leaned on both as his legal justification for taking military action against ISIS on his own.",1
2322,Jeb Bush Weighs In On Same-Sex Marriage,"""It ought be a local decision. I mean, a state decision,"" Bush told the Miami Herald. ""The state decided. The people of the state decided. But it’s been overturned by the courts, I guess.""

""It's disappointing to see that Jeb Bush has the same opinion of marriage equality as the presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton,"" Angelo told The Huffington Post. ""Jeb had a chance to differentiate himself from her, and at the very least say that, in Florida, marriage equality is settled law and there are more pressing issues demanding attention. As it stands, Jeb tacks the same line as Hillary: that marriage is something that should be left to the states.""

During an interview in June with NPR's Terry Gross, Clinton repeatedly said that for her, marriage had always been ""a matter left to the states"" but never clarified whether she believes same-sex marriage bans violate the U.S. Constitution.

""I don't think people need to be discriminated against because they don't share my belief on this, and if people love their children with all their heart and soul and that's what they do and that's how they organize their life, that should be held up as examples for others to follow because we need it,"" Bush said. ""We desperately need it and that can take all sorts of forms, it doesn't have to take the one that I think should be sanctioned under the law.""

UPDATE: 5:45 p.m. -- In a statement to The New York Times Monday, Bush acknowledged that marriage equality was now the law of the land in many places and seemed to express little appetite for working to repeal it.

""We live in a democracy, and regardless of our disagreements, we have to respect the rule of law,"" he said. ""I hope that we can show respect for the good people on all sides of the gay and lesbian marriage issue -- including couples making lifetime commitments to each other who are seeking greater legal protections and those of us who believe marriage is a sacrament and want to safeguard religious liberty.""

UPDATE: 8:10 p.m. -- In a 1994 oped in the Miami Herald, dug up by BuzzFeed, Bush argued against providing lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender individuals equal legal protections, writing, ""[Should] sodomy be elevated to the same constitutional status as race and religion? My answer is No.""

Bush spokeswoman Kristy Campbell said Bush would no longer use that language: ""Gov. Bush believes that our society should have a culture of respect for all people, regardless of their differences, and that begins with preventing discrimination, including when it comes to sexual orientation. This opinion editorial from 20 years ago does not reflect Gov. Bush’s views now, nor would he use this terminology today.""",1
1387,Insiders: Trump and Clinton will carry Iowa,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
1827,Christie launches PAC in significant step toward White House run,"New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie has taken a major step toward a run for president in 2016, forming a political action committee that will allow him to raise money for a possible White House bid.

The creation of the committee, called Leadership Matters for America, was confirmed to Fox News by a Christie adviser. The paperwork was filed Friday before his address over the weekend to the Iowa Freedom Summit, a conservative gathering in Des Moines.

The committee, first reported by The Wall Street Journal, also allows Christie to begin to hire staffers, build the foundations of a campaign operation and travel across the country as he weighs a final decision on a run. He plans to make such trips starting in February, Fox News has learned.

The move comes one month after former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush announced that he was launching a similar organization, which kicked off an aggressive race to lock down donors and may have drawn 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney into the race.

The PAC's staffers will include Matt Mowers, a former Christie aide, who is stepping down from his job as executive director of the New Hampshire Republican Party at the end of the month. Christie is named as its honorary chairman.

""We believe there's a void right now in leadership throughout the country,"" Christie's chief political adviser Mike DuHaime told The Journal. ""We aim to support candidates who are willing to take on tough problems and make tough decisions.""

A mission statement on the organization's website echoes themes that Christie has focused in recent speeches, including remarks on Saturday in Iowa in front of conservative activists.

""America has been a nation that has always controlled events and yet today events control us. Why? Because leadership matters,"" the mission statement reads. ""It matters if we want to restore America's role in the world, find the political will to take on the entrenched special interests that continually stand in the way of fundamental change, reform entitlement spending at every level of government, and ensure that every child, no matter their zip code, has access to a quality education.""

Christie, a former federal prosecutor who passed up the opportunity to challenge President Barack Obama in 2012, turned quickly toward laying the groundwork for a 2016 campaign after winning a second gubernatorial term in the heavily Democratic Garden State in 2013.

In the past several months, he has held meetings to court donors, convened late-night briefing sessions on foreign policy and made repeated visits to early-voting states, including in Iowa over the weekend, where he vaguely referred to himself as ""a candidate.""

He takes his next step into the race with several advantages, among them having recently completed a banner year of fundraising as chair of the Republican Governors Association. The group raised more than $100 million on Christie's watch and helped Republican candidates win a series of unexpected races, including the nominally Democratic states of Maryland and Illinois.

Serving as RGA chief also gave Christie the opportunity to travel across the country and build relationships with donors and activists. He is also one of his party's most talented retail politicians, reveling in the kind of one-on-one interaction that voters in the crucial early voting states of Iowa and New Hampshire demand.

But Christie also has challenges to overcome, including the still-pending federal investigation into accusations that former staff members and appointees created traffic jams as political payback against the Democratic mayor of a New York suburb by blocking access lanes to the George Washington Bridge into Manhattan.

He's also dogged by questions about the economy of New Jersey, including several recent downgrades of the state's credit rating and sluggish job growth. Christie is also viewed with distrust in certain conservative circles, while other question whether his brash persona and habit of confrontation will play well outside his home state.

While Christie has told supporters to ""relax"" about the timing of his entry into the race, he has faced mounting pressure to get started after Bush -- whose support and donor base significantly overlaps with Christie's -- said he would ""actively explore"" a run.

Christie's campaign is likely to focus on many of the themes he's spent years developing in New Jersey, including a pitch that he can expand the Republican Party's tent by appealing to independent, women and minority voters.

Fox News' Serafin Gomez and The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click for more from The Wall Street Journal.",1
1076,Hillary Clinton had an amazing night — and not just because of her victories,"Tuesday night was an amazing night for Hillary Clinton, and not just because her wins in Florida and Ohio made Bernie Sanders's path to the nomination nearly impossible.

Tuesday night was an amazing night for Hillary Clinton because Marco Rubio dropped out of the race and virtually ensured she will face either Donald Trump or Ted Cruz in the general election.

A couple of months ago, Rubio's general election strength was conventional wisdom. ""I sometimes want to run around the country grabbing Republican voters by the lapels and screaming, 'You idiots! Don’t you realize Democrats are a hundred times more scared of Rubio than any of these other guys?'"" wrote Matt Yglesias back in January. Rubio was seen as a smart, nimble politician who could reassure moderates, appeal to Latinos (or at least blunt their turnout), and unify the fractious Republican Party.

But his poor performance in the primaries has led to a split in opinions on Rubio. One view is that he was always a weak candidate — it was a mass delusion on behalf of the political establishment to ever pretend otherwise.

The other is that the Republican Party has gone around the bend in ways that made Rubio, the party's strongest general election candidate by far, unacceptable to the Republican base.

I hold the second view. Rubio's primary-season weaknesses were general election strengths. He does hopeful better than he does angry. His record includes occasional pivots toward the center, particularly on immigration. His résumé was relatively thin, and while that reminded some Republicans of criticisms they made of Obama, it also left less to attack in a general election. Rubio was acceptable to all wings of the Republican Party even if he was the first choice of few.

The result is that Rubio could have unified the GOP while running to the middle. His rhetoric was often as partisan and fearmongering as anyone else in the race, but, crucially, he had a second speed, too — he was able to speak the language of optimism and uplift, he was able to come off more moderate than he really was, he was able to talk about the economy by making an argument about the future rather than just a divisive critique of the past.

None of this fit the mood of the Republican Party in this moment, but these are the political skills you need — or at least traditionally have needed — to win a general election.

Trump and Cruz don't have these skills. Cruz is the kind of hardcore conservative ideologue the Republican Party hasn't nominated since Barry Goldwater. Trump is an extremist with extraordinarily high unfavorables who could split the Republican Party, to say nothing of the kind of turnout he'll inspire among Hispanics, women, and young voters. Either candidate solves Clinton's turnout problems among Democrats, where she's faced a real enthusiasm gap compared with Obama.

This is the race the Clinton campaign didn't dare hope for. In recent years, the Republican Party has always turned to the candidate that looks best suited for the general election. In 2000, they went with George W. Bush, the seemingly moderate governor of Texas who ran as a compassionate conservative; in 2008, they went with John McCain, a politician Democrats and independents once liked so much that John Kerry tried to add him to the Democratic ticket in 2008; in 2012, they went with Mitt Romney, who had been a moderate governor of a very blue state.

There was nothing in this record to predict that Republicans would turn to a Cruz or Trump in 2016. But that's what they look to be doing.

Could Clinton still lose the general? Sure. Donald Trump is winning elections all across the country. American politics is a magical land of surprises. But the Clinton campaign couldn't ask for weaker opponents than Trump or Cruz. This is an outcome that gives them a chance to win back the Senate, to pull off the kind of landslide that's rarely seen in modern American politics.",1
594,"Election 2015 Highlights: Who Won, Who Lost?","With no presidential election or congressional seats on the line, Tuesday’s election watchers were focused on some high-profile ballot initiatives, a governor’s race in Kentucky and a handful of other races. Here are some of the highlights, compiled from the Journal’s reports across the country.",1
2495,ICE spends millions flying illegal immigrant children across US,"The Obama administration has spent at least $18.5 million to fly “unaccompanied children” caught crossing into the country illegally to locations inside the United States, according to newly obtained figures.

The numbers, shared with FoxNews.com by the Senate subcommittee on immigration, were provided by Immigration and Customs Enforcement in response to questions from Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas.

The numbers shed light on the extent of a program that has drawn scrutiny not just from lawmakers but the federal courts, amid concerns the U.S. government is effectively aiding smugglers.

“This shows how fundamentally flawed our approach to immigration enforcement has been in the Obama administration,” a Senate aide who has seen the questions to and answers from ICE Director Sarah Saldana told FoxNews.com.

The administration, which continues to grapple with waves of Central American migrants crossing the U.S.-Mexico border and has gone to great lengths to ensure the safety of minors, has defended the practice as appropriate.

But it comes with a cost.

The ICE figures show that from June 8, 2014 to Sept. 30, 2015, ICE spent $4.8 million on charter flights for the children (ICE could not provide figures before that period). From March 2009 to Sept. 30, 2015, ICE spent $13.7 million on commercial flights for unaccompanied minors utilizing funds appropriated to ICE.

In total, the cost reaches at least $18.5 million.

“This admission by ICE demonstrates that the United States is a party to countless conspiracies by illegal aliens to violate our immigration laws, by facilitating their illegal journey into the United States,” the Senate aide said.

Past accounts have said children have been flown from the U.S.-Mexico border to live with relatives, many of whom also are in the U.S. illegally.

But an ICE official told FoxNews.com on Friday they’re only transporting minors to facilities run by Health and Human Services’ Office of Refugee Resettlement, “as dictated by the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act (TVPRA).”

The official added: “ICE does not transport children directly to parents or final destinations. We should also be clear that Congress has appropriated funds for the sole purpose of transporting these unaccompanied minors—that funding is separate from ICE’s enforcement and other funding. ICE is directed in this process by laws that Congress enacts and with funds they appropriate for that specific purpose.”

Separate questions to ICE posed by Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions’ office have yet to be answered.

In its written response to Cruz, ICE said it was unable to provide specific data regarding the number of unaccompanied children transported via commercial flight but that it is “in the process” of expanding its use of “contractor-conducted escorts in FY 2016 and will be able to provide more reliable data going forward.” ICE reported that between June 2014 and September 2015, about 10,000 children were transported by charter flights.

ICE has defended its role in transporting illegal immigrant children before -- namely, after U.S. District Judge Andrew Hanen complained in a Dec. 13, 2013 order that federal agents were intercepting human smugglers transporting children at the U.S.-Mexico border and then delivering those same children to their parents.

The comment prompted John Sandweg, ICE’s acting director at the time, to send an email to ICE employees defending the program and saying that the transportation of unaccompanied children by ICE personnel “is appropriate and legal.”

Despite its legality, the practice still isn’t sitting well with some.

“While ICE has spent millions of taxpayer dollars flying these young migrants to ... their chosen destination, it has not taken any action against their illegal alien family members who paid to have them smuggled to the United States,” the Senate source, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said.",1
968,"Sanders sweeps in Alaska, Hawaii, Washington, but too little too late?","Sen. Bernie Sanders won nearly three dozen delegates more than Hillary Clinton Saturday in sweeping the Alaska, Washington and Hawaii Democratic presidential caucuses, but the strong, comeback victories failed to cut substantially into the front-runner's big lead.

Sanders needs to win 67 percent of the remaining delegates and uncommitted super-delegates through June to clinch the Democratic nomination. And so far he's winning only 37 percent.

There were 162 delegates at stake Saturday -- Washington with 101, followed by Hawaii with 25 and Alaska with 16.

The Vermont senator won 55 delegates, compared to 20 for Clinton. However, more will likely be allocated to Sanders in several weeks, when the Washington state Democratic Party releases vote shares by district.

Still, Clinton still maintains a wide advantage in delegates, winning 1,243 to Sanders' 975 based on primary and caucuses to date.

Her lead is even bigger when including super-delegates, or party officials who can back any candidate they wish. Clinton has 1,712 to Sanders' 1,004, with 2,383 needed to win.

Still, Sanders sounded optimistic Sunday about his chances.

“Our calculations are that in fact we can win the pledge delegates,” he said on NBC’s “Meet the Press.” “We have the momentum. We have won five out of the six last contests in landslide fashion. … And the reason is the issues that we are talking about -- a corrupt campaign finance system, the disappearance of the American middle class, … kids graduating college $50,000 in debt.”

To be sure, Sanders had a good Saturday, which he hopes will give him some momentum as the primary-caucus season moves to the Midwest, Northeast, then to the West Coast, including California with 546 delegates at stake in June.

Sanders won Alaska 81-to-18 percent over Clinton; 68-32 in Hawaii and 73-26 in Washington, with all precincts having reported.

The self-described democratic socialist on Saturday night acknowledged his struggles in earlier contests across the South, with its strong conservative voting bloc, but struck an optimistic tone.

""We knew things were going to improve as we headed west,"" he said at a rally in Madison, Wis. ""We are making significant inroads in ... Clinton's lead. ... We have a path toward victory.""

The next Democratic and Republican primaries are April 5 in Wisconsin. Other big, upcoming primaries include Maryland, Pennsylvania and New York, Clinton’s home state.

Sanders is popular among younger and more progressive Americans but continues to struggle to connect with Hispanic and African-American voters.

He was expected to do well in Washington, considering residents of Seattle, the biggest city in the Pacific Northwest, are among the most liberal in the country and major campaign contributors.

He drew more than 10,000 supporters at an outdoor rally Friday evening in Seattle. And the state appeared to have a record voter turnout, similar to others that have helped keep alive Sanders’ insurgent campaign.

Most of Washington’s Democratic leadership endorsed Clinton, including Gov. Jay Inslee, Seattle Mayor Ed Murray and Sens. Patty Murray and Maria Cantwell.

Still, Sanders entered Saturday’s contests optimistic after winning more delegate than Clinton in three contests earlier last week -- nearly 20 in the Idaho and Utah caucuses, despite losing the marquee Arizona primary to the former secretary of state.

Sanders has done significantly better in caucus contests, now winning 10 of the last 12.

Most of his 15 primary-season wins have been in states with largely white populations and in the caucus contests, which tend to attract the most active liberal Democrats.

While Sanders faces a steep climb to the nomination, Clinton’s recent losses highlight her persistent vulnerabilities, including concerns about her trustworthiness and weak support among younger voters.

Clinton has been looking past the primary contests and aiming at potential Republican challengers.

She did not hold a public event after the Saturday’s results were announced.

But in interviews, rallies and speeches last week, she largely focused on Tuesday's deadly attacks in Brussels, casting GOP front-runner Donald Trump and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz as unqualified to deal with complicated international threats.

Her campaign sees the April 19 contest in New York as an important one, not just because of the rich delegate prize but because losing to Sanders in a state she represented in the Senate would be a psychological blow.

She hopes to lock up an even larger share of delegates in five Northeastern contests a week later.

Fox News’ Lauren Blanchard and Joseph Weber and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2450,GOP searches for Obamacare fix,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
78,"Flint, Michigan: Neglected because city is black, poor?","(CNN) The contamination of drinking water in Flint, Michigan, has so outraged community advocates that they now pose a powerful question: Was the city neglected because it is mostly black and about 40% poor?

Several advocates say yes. They charge that Flint residents are victims of ""environmental racism"" -- that is, race and poverty factored into how Flint wasn't adequately protected and how its water became contaminated with lead, making the tap water undrinkable.

""Would more have been done, and at a much faster pace, if nearly 40 percent of Flint residents were not living below the poverty line? The answer is unequivocally yes,"" the NAACP said in a statement.

Others go further.

""While it might not be intentional, there's this implicit bias against older cities -- particularly older cities with poverty (and) majority-minority communities,"" said Democratic U.S. Rep. Dan Kildee, who represents the Flint area.

""It's hard for me to imagine the indifference that we've seen exhibited if this had happened in a much more affluent community,"" he said.

NAACP President and CEO Cornell Brooks drew a direct connection between Flint's socioeconomic factors and the toxic drinking water.

""Environmental Racism + Indifference = Lead in the Water & Blood,"" he tweeted.

Brooks is pressing for a definitive plan of attack.

""We're trying to take action that is specific, that's focused, that's urgent and speaks to the people's needs,"" he said. ""Talking with a deadline that has dollar symbols represents action, and that's what we're trying to do.""

In an interview with CNN's Poppy Harlow this week, Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder repeatedly said that he was taking responsibility for the crisis even as she reminded him that his then-chief of staff sent an email in July 2015 to a health department official warning of lead in the Flint drinking water. The email was released as part of a freedom of information request.

In October 2014, General Motors stopped using Flint River water at its engine plant because the company was seeing rust of vehicle parts.

Snyder said that General Motors' concern ""was not a lead issue.""

Harlow responded, ""It was the same issue of the pipes being corroded by the water, chemicals in the water, just like it is (in Flint.) It's actually the same.""

The governor said, ""These are very technical issues. But the lead came to my attention in October, end of September, early October of 2015. We took immediate action, need to do more, did more.""

He said Flint has seen a 45% reduction in crime, and he touted a dental program for low-income children -- all moves his administration pushed for.

""In terms of saying it happened because of the nature of the community here? Absolutely not.""

Snyder compared Flint's unemployment struggles and other economic woes to what people in Detroit have endured in recent years, and he said his administration is responsible for improvements there.

This week, Snyder was served with a subpoena by attorneys representing Flint residents who have filed a class-action suit. They have asked for the governor's emails and text messages going back to January 2011.

Snyder has released some emails from 2014 and 2015.

""Will you release all of those back to 2011, from personal and work accounts?"" Harlow asked.

""I released the relevant emails, my emails, that address that issue for the relevant time period,"" said Snyder, who has released some emails from 2014 and 2015.

""We are complying with every investigation in terms of being open,"" he added. ""We'll follow the appropriate legal process for subpoenas and other legal matters.""

""Again, we're complying with every investigation,"" Snyder said. ""We'll follow the appropriate legal process for subpoenas and other legal matters. With respect to releasing my emails, I did that. This is an extraordinary case.""

Whether Flint's water crisis happened because the city has poor residents has been discussed in social media, particularly by filmmaker and Flint native Michael Moore.

""This is a racial killing. Flint MI is 60% black. When u knowingly poison a black city, u r committing a version of genocide #ArrestGovSnyder,"" Moore tweeted at one point.

""Just to be clear: all 102K residents of Flint have been exposed to toxic water, all of Flint's kids have ingested lead, & 10 ppl have died,"" Moore tweeted on another occasion.

The Black Lives Matter group said African-Americans, especially those in rural and poor areas, have long been denied equal access to clean drinking water.

On Monday, state Attorney General Bill Schuette said he is appointing an ex-prosecutor and Detroit's former FBI chief to join the investigation into Flint's water crisis, creating a ""conflict wall"" between the state's inquiry and the lawsuits targeting the state.

The prior announced investigation will determine ""whether any Michigan laws were violated in the process that created a major public health crisis for Flint residents.""

Flint's state of emergency -- declared at municipal and state levels -- began years ago when the city suffered a financial emergency. The state took over the city's budget and decided to temporarily switch Flint's water source from Lake Huron to the Flint River to save money until a new supply line to Lake Huron was ready.

The river, however, was long-known as befouled. Locals call it the ""General Motors sewer.""

After the April 2014 switch, residents complained their water had problems. Virginia Tech researchers found the water was highly corrosive. A class-action lawsuit alleges the state Department of Environmental Quality didn't treat the water for corrosion, in accordance with federal law, and because so many service lines to Flint are made of lead, the noxious element leached into the water of the city's homes.

The city switched back to the Lake Huron water supply in October, but the damage was already done to the lead pipes. The state is now handing out filters and bottled water with the National Guard.",1
2494,"Sanders, Clinton talk immigration, battle for Hispanic vote before big California primary","Democratic presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are spending their final weekend in California, before the state’s big primary Tuesday, rallying voters over immigration issues and warning the state’s diverse electorate about the perils of electing Republican Donald Trump.

On Saturday, Sanders expressed confidence that he could win a majority of votes next week in California, Montana, New Jersey, New Mexico, South Dakota and North Dakota.

However, the Vermont senator acknowledged that he’ll need a high voter turnout, like those that have helped him win previous state contests.

“It’s going to be an uphill battle” Sanders said a press conference in Los Angeles, repeating what he has said many times recently.

Still, a report Friday by the state that a record 17.9 million Californians, or 72 percent of eligible state voters, are registered to vote in the primaries could help Sanders.

Sanders on Saturday also repeated that the front-running Clinton will not have enough pledged delegates after polls close Tuesday to secure the nomination.

He said she will have to instead rely on super-delegates, or those who have previously committed to Clinton, to claim the nomination and that he will continue to try to win over those delegates to take the nomination at the party’s convention in July.

“We look forward on Tuesday to doing very well,” Sanders said. “There will be a contested convention. … Super delegates can and have changed their candidate choice in the past.”

He also focused on the issue of immigration, as Clinton did earlier in the day in California, a state that borders Mexico and where Hispanics will be a key voting bloc.

Sanders argued that Trump,  the presumptive GOP presidential nominee, should not be elected because his “bigotry” against Mexicans, Muslims, African-Americans and others “cannot be tolerated.”

“Donald Trump cannot be elected president,” Sanders said. He also spoke Saturday to supporters at his campaign headquarters in Los Angeles.

Clinton, in a panel discussion in Slymar, Calif., expressed optimism about passing legislation to overhaul federal immigration law.

Clinton argued that as U.S. senators she supported bipartisan Senate reform legislation while Sanders did not.

“It was heartbreaking,” she said. “There were people from every part of the planet who were so hopeful. … I believe that after this election, if all goes well, we will have a chance to pass immigration reform.”

She also said Trump plans to deport 11 million illegal immigrants, calling such talk “the most unfair and dangerous kind of conversation” that has veered off “toward anger and fear.”

Other scheduled events for Clinton this weekend included a stop Saturday in Oxnard, Calif.

Trump campaigned this week in California, despite having enough delegates to secure the GOP nomination, but held no events Saturday.

Some of those events brought violent protests outside the venues.

One of California’s most influential daily newspapers, The San Francisco Chronicle, this weekend endorsed neither Clinton, Sanders nor Trump.

That the Chronicle wouldn’t endorse Trump was not surprising, consider the editorial board for the paper, in liberal-leaning Northern California, had previously expressed its distaste for what it calls his “low-substance, high-insult candidacy.”

The paper was also highly critical of the front-running Clinton, pointing out her refusal to meet with the board and her many fundraising forays in the state.

However, the Chronicle declined to back Sanders in the neck-and-neck primary Tuesday, suggesting his “aggressively progressive promises” can never be realized with so many Republicans ruling Congress.

Two other major California dailies -- The Los Angeles Times and The San Diego Union Tribune -- have endorsed Clinton. The Tribune this weekend sarcastically endorsed Ronald Reagan over Trump.",1
349,Jesse Matthew charged in Hannah Graham slaying,"The murder charge against Jesse Matthew Jr. comes in addition to a count of abduction with intent to defile filed against him previously, Albemarle County Commonwealth's Attorney Denise Lunsford said.

""These indictments signal the beginning of the next phase in what has been an incredibly difficult process for the family of Hannah Graham, for our community and for the men and women of the many departments and agencies who have worked on this matter since September of last year,"" Lunsford said.

Lunsford's team decided not to charge Matthew with capital murder, which could have led to a death sentence if he were convicted. Lunsford said she wouldn't give details on what led to that decision, except to say that a ""great deal of serious thought"" went into it.

Those considerations included ""the impact on the community, the Grahams, and the need to provide Mr. Matthew with a fair trial.""

""I have discussed this matter with the Grahams on many occasions, and they are aware of the indictments,"" Lunsford said. Matthew also was charged with reckless driving in two incidents about a week after Graham's disappearance, Lunsford said. Matthew's first court appearance on the indictments is scheduled for February 18. His attorney, Jim Camblos, declined to comment Tuesday, except to acknowledge the February 18 court appearance and to say that he received news of the indictments late Monday afternoon. Graham, 18, went missing before dawn on September 13 after she was last spotted on surveillance video in Charlottesville's Downtown Mall area. In October, authorities found what turned out to be Graham's skull and bones on abandoned property 8 miles from where the college sophomore was last seen. Surveillance video and other accounts led authorities to identify Matthew as a suspect in her disappearance. Matthew, 33, was taken into custody on September 24 on a beach in Galveston County, Texas, about 1,300 miles away from where Graham was last seen. No link to another slaying Matthew's arrest in the Graham case prompted authorities to investigate his possible links to a string of unsolved killings and disappearances in the area. One of those cases involved 17-year-old Alexis Murphy of Lovingston, Virginia, who disappeared in 2013 and whose body has not been found. But on Friday, authorities said they had found no link between him and Murphy's slaying. in Fairfax, Virginia, in 2005; the trial in that case is scheduled for March. in Fairfax, Virginia, in 2005; the trial in that case is scheduled for March. Matthew is also charged in the sexual assault of a woman in Fairfax, Virginia, in 2005; the trial in that case is scheduled for March. Authorities said that in September 2005, a 26-year-old woman returning from a grocery store was grabbed from behind and sexually assaulted. The attacker was scared off by a passerby. Information from the 2005 victim led police to link Matthew to the case of another missing young woman, Morgan Harrington, a Virginia Tech student who vanished in Charlottesville in October 2009 and was found dead a few months later. Matthew has not been charged in that case. Investigators are looking into his possible connection to other similar cases in the area. They include the August 2009 killing of Virginia Tech students Heidi Childs and David Metzler and the October 2009 killing of 23-year-old Cassandra Morton of Lynchburg, Virginia. Police are also investigating Matthew's possible ties to the disappearance of 19-year-old Samantha Ann Clarke of Orange, Virginia.",1
2575,Judge Blocks President Obama's Immigration Order,"A federal judge in Texas is working to block President Barack Obama's executive action on immigration.

On Monday, U.S. District Judge Andrew Hanen issued a temporary injunction that gives a coalition of 26 states time to pursue a lawsuit that aims to permanently stop the president's orders.

The White House said the Justice Department will appeal the decision.

The ruling puts on hold Obama's orders that could spare as many as 5 million people who are in the United States illegally from deportation.

On Tuesday, the White House issued a statement saying Monday's ruling ""wrongly prevents"" the president's ""lawful, commonsense polices"" from taking effect.

House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, said the federal judge's ruling was no surprise, citing Obama's repeated comments about the limits of his authority.",1
5157,Trump names three apparent vice-presidential possibilities on Twitter,"In a flurry of activity on Monday, Donald Trump named three Republican politicians seemingly in contention to be named as his vice-presidential pick at the party’s national convention in Cleveland later this month.

Those named were the first-term Iowa senator Joni Ernst, the first-term Arkansas senator Tom Cotton – like Ernst a military veteran – and the governor of Indiana, Mike Pence. Trump spent time with Pence and his family on Sunday and was due to meet Ernst in New Jersey on Monday.

Ernst was endorsed by the Tea Party and won her Senate seat in 2014, running an infamous ad featuring a boast of growing up “castrating hogs on an Iowa farm” and the promise that once in Washington she would “know how to cut pork”, thus making “big spenders … squeal”. In 2015, she delivered the Republican response to Barack Obama’s State of the Union address.

Cotton, 39 and thought by some a likely post-Trump presidential candidate in 2020, has not been as often named among potential Trump VPs as Pence and Ernst. In his tweet, Trump said Cotton had been “great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!”

Cotton gave little away in his NBC interview, saying Trump could “make the case for himself” as to why he should be president. He was more forthright in attacking Hillary Clinton, who he said had been “responsible for many of the worst decisions of the Obama administration”.

Trump’s note of complaint about Todd’s questioning echoed another tweet sent on Monday, in which he blamed the “dishonest media” for a furor over a tweet he sent and then deleted on Saturday, which showed Clinton next to a six-pointed star against a background of dollar bills, prompting accusations of antisemitism. The image was later found by reporters on a white supremacist message board, in a post predating Trump’s tweet.

The former House speaker Newt Gingrich, who has repeatedly said he is open to being Trump’s VP, may yet be considered too forthright. Last week, in words that echoed strongly on Monday in the controversy over Trump’s Clinton tweet, he told an audience at the Aspen Ideas Festival: “Trump’s job is, frankly, to quit screwing up and get the election down to three or four big issues.”

The New Jersey governor, Chris Christie, and Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama have also been reported to be under consideration. Trump has said the pick will likely be announced at the convention in Cleveland, which starts on 18 July, but some sources suggest he may announce sooner, to help drum up excitement.

As evidence of his management of a process which generates relatively positive publicity, Trump also tweeted on Monday: “The only people who are not interested in being the VP pick are the people who have not been asked!”

Many of the Republican party’s biggest names are not willing to appear at the convention. The former presidents George HW Bush and George W Bush; the 2012 presidential nominee, Mitt Romney; and the Ohio governor, John Kasich, all plan to avoid the four-day event.

Possible speakers include the former Indiana basketball coach Bobby Knight, the New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady and the boxing promoter Don King.

“I’m going to be involved, definitely,” King, who lives in Cleveland, told the Associated Press. “He’s my man. I love him. He’s going to be the next president.”

Some celebrities backing Trump have, however, passed on the convention. The Super Bowl-winning Chicago Bears coach Mike Ditka told the Chicago Tribune last week: “I spoke with Mr Trump this afternoon, and he invited me. But I don’t think I’m going to go.”

Trump’s campaign has also been in touch with aides to the man who challenged him most strongly in the primary, the Texas senator Ted Cruz, who has reportedly been trying to win a speaking slot. Others under consideration include the former United Nations ambassador and sometime presidential hopeful John Bolton, the West Virginia senator Shelley Moore Capito and the Washington representative Cathy McMorris Rodgers.

Gingrich, a likely convention speaker who also spoke to the AP, said Trump “understands that if he can appeal to consumer America, he drowns political America”. He also recalled a recent conversation with a Trump family member who confidently told him: “We know how to do conventions.”

Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, predicted in a recent radio interview the convention would be “a great combination of our great politicians, but also great American businessmen and women and leaders across industry and leaders across really all sectors, from athletes to coaches and everything in between.



“I think it will be a convention unlike any we’ve ever seen,” she said. “It will be substantive. It will be interesting. It will be different. It’s not going to be a ho-hum lineup of, you know, the typical politicians.”

A Trump spokesman, Jason Miller, told the AP: “This is not going to be your typical party convention like years past. Donald Trump is better suited than just about any candidate in memory to put together a program that’s outside of Washington and can appeal directly to the American people.”



Matt Borges, the Ohio Republican party chairman, said: “[Trump] is going to have to bring all his skills to bear to make this work, not just in Cleveland, but for the next four months.

“It won’t be easy, but that’s what he’s got to do.”",1
2446,The accidental case against Obamacare,"Now, the sales pitch is over. The Supreme Court will rule this month in King v. Burwell. The lawsuit will determine whether the Obama administration has the legal authority to dole out billions in tax subsidies to Obamacare enrollees.

Unlike the last time conservatives took Obamacare to the Supreme Court — when the Republican party, major activists, and 26 attorneys general joined forces — the new challenge has a more surprising backstory for a big case. It is the result of the key players working loosely, overcoming lawsuit fatigue in conservative circles, pushing an argument that seems more technical than substantive, and even a bit of luck.

""I think people imagine a eureka moment. It was nothing like that.""

""There is nothing very organized about it,"" Michael Greve, a law professor at George Mason University who supports the case, has written. ""The litigation has no single mastermind or man behind the curtain. The campaign is the product of a loose conservative-libertarian infrastructure.""

The case now sits with the Supreme Court, despite the unusual route it took. So while supporters might have viewed it as a nonsense legal challenge — never taking it as seriously as the individual mandate case — they still find themselves back where they were three years ago: fearing that the law could fall apart with just one court decision.

Tom Christina did not want to take on the Affordable Care Act.

A former Reagan-administration official turned corporate lawyer, Christina is part of the 36-person employee-benefits practice at the law firm Ogletree Deakins. When Congress began to pursue health reform, his firm decided that somebody ought to read the actual bill. Christina got the assignment.

""Someone had to follow the Act in case it got passed,"" he told me in a recent interview. ""I was volunteered for that job.""

So, Christina read the law. And at a poorly attended conference at the American Enterprise Institute in December 2010, he spoke about his findings. No one cared too much.

The conference was aimed at finding new ways to challenge the health-care law. There was a then-nascent challenge to the individual mandate winding its way through district courts that looked promising. Conservatives were still hungry to hedge their bets and find other ways to bring down Obamacare if the individual-mandate argument failed (as it ultimately did).

""The bastard has to be killed as a matter of political hygiene,"" Greve, then the director of the federalism project at the American Enterprise Institute, declared at the panel. ""I do not care how this is done, whether it's dismembered, whether we drive a stake through its heart, whether we tar and feather it and drive it out of town, or if we strangle it. I don't care who does it, whether it's some court someplace or the United States Congress, any which way, any dollar spent on that goal is worth spending.""

Where Greve spoke in bold declarations, Christina gravitated towards more subdued legalese. When he dropped a bombshell in the form of a dark-blue PowerPoint slide, none of the attending wonks actually seemed to notice.

The slide pointed out that the section of Obamacare that explained how tax credits work — Section 1401(a)(2), to be exact — specified that the financial help would go to those who purchased coverage on ""an exchange established by the state."" There was no similar provision, or call out, for people who got their coverage on a marketplace that the federal government set up.

""I noticed something peculiar about the tax credits. There will be no tax credits for tax payers who live in non-capitulating states,"" Christina told the audience.

Looking back on that presentation, Christina says he really didn't think much at the time about what this would mean for the health-care law.

""I think people imagine a eureka moment,"" says Christina. ""It was nothing like that. I was assigned to do this for my firm.""

The Affordable Care Act did not follow the normal procedure when it became law. Normally, one chamber passes its own version of a bill. The other chamber passes a separate version. The two bodies hold a conference, where they reconcile any differences between the two bills and generally clean up the language and tighten the statute. The merged bill goes back to both chambers, which vote again.

This did not happen with the Affordable Care Act. As anyone who covered it at the time — as I did, working as a reporter for Newsweek — remembers, the law's passage was an absolute mess. Sen. Ted Kennedy's death in December 2010 lost the Democrats their supermajority in the Senate — and meant that the health law wouldn't survive a second vote in the Senate.

Democrats were forced to stick with the Senate bill they had already passed; anything they sent back to the chamber for another vote would inevitably fail. A final conference never happened. All the messy language and loose ends that legislators expected to get ironed out simply became part of the law.

During the days and nights I spent on Capitol Hill covering the debate, the idea of not offering subsidies to some enrollees just never came up. Staff who worked on the law say they always intended for all Obamacare enrollees to get health-insurance subsidies; the law simply wouldn't make sense without them.

""The evidence of congressional intent here is overwhelming,"" John McDonough, who worked on the Health, Education, Labor & Pensions committee during the health-reform debate, wrote in an email. ""There is not a scintilla of evidence that the Democratic lawmakers who designed the law intended to deny subsidies to any state, regardless of exchange status.""

As for the language that Christina highlighted, they see that as evidence of the health law's rushed passage. Nobody corrected the types of drafting errors that a conference committee would typically address.

""At the end of the day, this should have never happened and is a product of the rushed way the law was passed,"" says Chris Condeluci, who worked as tax and benefits counsel for the Senate Finance Committee's Republicans during the Affordable Care Act debate.

Jon Adler can't remember exactly when he came across Tom Christina's presentation. Sometime in late 2010 or 2011, he thinks. Adler, a Case Western University law professor, was preparing to present at a University of Kansas conference on the health-care law and was searching online for what others had said on the issue.

He listened to the audio from Christina's presentation while driving and later clicked through the slides. Adler included the point about the subsidies in his February 2011 talk. ""It was something I highlighted in my presentation,"" Adler says. ""No one seemed particularly disturbed by it.""

Adler wasn't particularly disturbed by it either; like Christina, he thought it was an interesting snafu in the law but not much more. He happened to mention the issue to Michael Cannon, the long-time health-policy director at the libertarian Cato Institute, over email a few months later.

Neither Adler nor Cannon could recall what, exactly they'd been emailing about in the first place. Adler didn't care much about health policy; his expertise was in law. But he knew that Cannon had spent the past few years testifying before state legislatures about why they shouldn't implement Obamacare. So Adler mentioned one more argument he could add to his presentation.

""He had been talking about how states shouldn't cooperate. And I responded to him with something like, 'If they don't create an exchange, they can't get the tax credits,'"" Adler recalls. ""He said, 'What?' And I told him, 'Read the statute.'""

""I don't think Jonathan understood the significance of the feature when he told me, maybe because he wasn't a health-care wonk who talked about three-legged stools all the time,"" Cannon says.

Cannon did: he's a health wonk who knew immediately that taking away subsidies would leave Obamacare with a giant hole.

""What I recognized was that this allowed states to block one of the three legs of Obamacare’s three-legged stool: the subsidies,"" he says. ""And they could do so in a way that would increase pressure on Congress to re-open the law. So I started adding that into my list of reasons states shouldn’t establish exchanges.""

There wasn't much that Cannon and Adler could do with their discovery at that point. The federal government still hadn't published the rules governing how the insurance subsidies would work; it was still possible that the Obama administration might come out and agree with them, saying state exchanges were the only bodies authorized to dole out funds.

The Obama administration eliminated that possibility in May 2012: as everyone expected, they issued final rules stipulating that all exchanges, both those administered federally and those administered by states, could provide shoppers with help.

The search for a plaintiff to challenge the rule was officially on.

Over the past three years, Cannon and Adler's argument against Obamacare has evolved significantly.

For about two years, they and other challengers made a purely textualist argument. The health-care law says, in plain language, that the government can only give financial help to those buying coverage in ""an exchange established by the state.""

Put aside Congress' cries that they meant for any health-law enrollee to get subsides, this argument goes. The government has to live with the language in the law that it passed — and it says that subsidies only go to those enrolled in state-based exchanges.

Cannon and Adler initially thought this way, too. They wrote a Wall Street Journal op-ed calling it a ""glitch.""

But their argument changed in 2012. Cannon and his research assistant spent months pouring over every mention of the word ""exchange"" in the Congressional record of the health-law debate. Cannon still keeps a thick, black binder with the whole thing in his office.

The argument against Obamacare has evolved from one about a ""glitch"" to one over Congressional intent

That effort, Cannon says, convinced him Congress expressly intended to use insurance subsidies as a way to entice states into building insurance marketplaces.

""If you look at the tax-credit eligibility rules, they are very tightly worded,"" Cannon says. ""It’s not in one place, but in two places, it says that the credits are only available 'through an Exchange established by the State.'""

This is where I and others who followed the legislative debate over Obamacare have trouble sticking with Cannon's version of the events. I covered the drafting of the health law in detail, and in every conversation I ever had with anyone involved, they always believed that Congress meant for every state to have subsidies.

The whole point of the federal exchanges, after all, was to make sure Obamacare worked in states that wouldn't or couldn't build an exchange of their own. Congress always meant for residents of all 50 states to have access to financial help. It was never a question, during the five years I've spent writing about Obamacare, whether this would be the case.

This is where judges, too, have found the challengers' case to be weak. ""It is clear,"" Judge Roger Gregory wrote in the Fourth Circuit decision against the plaintiffs, ""that widely available tax credits are essential to fulfilling the Act's primary goals and that Congress was aware of their importance when drafting the bill.""

Some King supporters are skeptical of Cannon's argument, too. They question whether their efforts are best spent attempting to divine thoughts legislators had five years ago.

""I don't think you have to get into that. It's really quite beside the point,"" says Jim Blumstein, a law professor at Vanderbilt University who has previously worked on health-law litigation. He says that in discussions with some of the King litigants, he's ""pushed hard for a focus to be on what the law actually says. The intent is not critical.""

Finding a major flaw in the health-care law was only half the battle for conservatives. They also had to find a plaintiff — someone who the law had harmed, who could bring a lawsuit against it.

The search for a new Obamacare challenger initially went quite poorly. The individual mandate case had failed earlier that summer and, among conservatives, there was lawsuit fatigue. There was no appetite for a lawsuit that appeared to hinge on a drafting error.

Cannon badgered a half-dozen governors and attorneys general to take the case, especially those who had worked on the individual mandate. He's an energetic speaker with a quick wit and an appetite for a long fight. For much of 2011 and 2012, he was criss-crossing the country to testify before state legislatures (shortly after the birth of his twin daughters, he did switch to doing some testimony via video chat). Whether in Missouri or Maryland, Cannon was turning up at governors' doorsteps across the country, urging them that they should not, in any circumstances, help the federal government implement Obamacare.

Now, Cannon had a way that he thought Republicans could in fact halt Obamacare, with a new lawsuit. The problem was, none of them believed him.

""I couldn't interest Ken Cuccinelli or Pam Bondi,"" Cannon says. ""I think I mentioned it to Paul LePage. I spoke with Rick Scott, and he said he was interested but never did anything. Phil Bryant seemed excited, but no follow through.""

Nothing worked until Oklahoma attorney general Scott Pruitt became interested. He had, like many other Republican attorneys general, filed a challenge to the health law's individual mandate. It was still pending at a district court when the Supreme Court ruled that part of the law constitutional.

The judge gave Pruitt a choice: he could drop the suit, given the Supreme Court ruling, or he could amend his complaint to challenge a different part of the law. Pruitt chose the latter. On September 9, 2012 — two years after the AEI presentation and three months after the Supreme Court ruling — his was the first lawsuit to challenge the legality of Obamacare's insurance subsidies.

Initially, conservative health-policy experts hoped that the Oklahoma lawsuit would include private citizens challenging the health-care law alongside the government. But the state couldn't scrounge up additional plaintiffs before the deadline to amend its case and ultimately went it alone.

This is part of the reason that, six months later, on May 2, 2013, a separate lawsuit arrived in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia: Halbig v. Burwell. The Competitive Enterprise Institute, a Washington-based think tank, had financed the lawsuit and recruited a plaintiff (Jacqueline Halbig von Schleppenbach, a former Bush administration official turned consultant) for the case.

The newly filed lawsuit moved slowly. It irked Mike Carvin, the lawyer on the suit,  enough that he sent the district court's chief justice, Royce Lamberth, a letter asking him to reassign the case to one his colleagues.

So Carvin filed yet another lawsuit in Virginia, King v. Burwell, on September 16, 2013. Eventually, one of them had to move.

The initial rulings in King and Halbig did not go well for Carvin: in early 2014, he lost both district court challenges. District of Columbia Judge Paul Friedman described the plaintiffs' arguments as ""unpersuasive."" The Virginia judge who ruled in King said the challengers had ""no direct support in the legislative history of the ACA for Plaintiffs' theory that Congress intended to condition federal funds on state participation.""

Carvin appealed both decisions. And on July 22, the subsidies argument got its first positive news. In the span of two hours — and by pure coincidence — the appeals courts for the District of Columbia and the Fourth Circuit issued conflicting rulings. The DC Court ruled against Obamacare's subsidies; the Fourth Circuit ruled for them.

This was already a good day for the health-care law challengers. The circuit split gave Supreme Court a stronger reason to step in and resolve the conflict. CEI organized an impromptu celebration in its downtown Washington offices for that afternoon.

As CEI's general counsel Sam Kazman was heading to the party, a co-worker pulled him aside. On his computer, he played a video of MIT economist and former White House consultant Jon Gruber essentially making their main legal argument.

""If you’re a state and you don’t set up an Exchange, that means your citizens don’t get their tax credits,"" Gruber says in the video, taped at a 2012 speaking appearance.

Gruber has disavowed the remarks, saying that he spoke ""off the cuff"" and made a mistake. There's reason to believe him: Gruber spoke regularly to dozens of reporters during this period and never mentioned this idea to any of them. So these comments are at odds with the bulk of his work on this issue.

But in the video footage, Gruber appeared to be providing, at least in part, the evidence the Virginia judge said the challengers lacked: proof that Congress — or at least an outside advisor who worked with Congress — did intend to condition federal funds on state participation.

""It was a holy shit moment,"" Kazman says. ""We quickly put it up on our website. It went viral overnight and was the subject of a question at a White House press conference the next day.""

The Supreme Court agreed to hear King v. Burwell on November 7, 2014. Oral arguments occurred on March 4, and a decision is expected in June.

The government has, so far, won three of the five court decisions on the subsidies issue. Court watchers thought the oral arguments went well for the administration.

The government's argument has remained consistent throughout the process: of course Congress meant for all 50 states to have subsidies. If the legislative language is unclear on whether that is the case, then the judicial system ought to give deference to the executive branch in interpreting the law.

""During the time the Act was under consideration, no Member of Congress ever suggested that tax credits would be available only in States that established their own Exchanges—even though the language on which petitioners rely was in draft bills for months before the Act was enacted,"" the government writes in its Supreme Court brief. ""Any such suggestion would have produced a firestorm of controversy, but there was none.""

I've talked to about a dozen legal experts who have followed this case the closest. Some of them agree with the challengers' arguments; others don't. But none of them are writing off the case as a superficial challenge to the Affordable Care Act. A slim majority told me that, if they had to place a bet, they would expect the Supreme Court to rule against the Affordable Care Act.

Yes, they say, the Supreme Court did save the Affordable Care Act three years ago by upholding the individual mandate. But the legal issues then were about the law's fundamental constitutionality. If the court had ruled against the mandate, it would have dismantled the law.

In this case, the justices may be less likely to view their decision as equally dire: they're simply sending the law back to Congress, which would face no constitutional obstacle to changing the law to allow subsidies in all 50 states. When experts survey the court, they see a panel of justices that could react favorably to the textual arguments that the health-law challengers make.

And they note that it took at least four justices to agree to hear the case. It only takes one more to create a majority against the health-care law. The idea of five justices finding the challengers' arguments compelling is well within the realm of reality for most observers.

""When I read prominent people saying this case was frivolous, I winced a bit,"" says Nicholas Bagley, an assistant law professor at the University of Michigan who has written extensively on the King challenge. ""This is a serious lawsuit. This should make people worry.""",1
2925,"ISIS Empire: Smuggling, shakedowns, donations feed swelling terror budget","As the Islamic State seeks to export its brand of barbaric terror to would-be affiliates, the U.S. faces a growing challenge to find the sources of ISIS funding and blunt its flow to allied militants.

The terror army's most recent atrocity was the mass beheading of 21 Coptic Christians in Libya. It remains unclear how closely tied those militants are to ISIS in Iraq and Syria, but the Islamic State's underground economy continues to thrive. Even as the U.S.-led coalition strikes at what was long the heart of ISIS' revenue stream -- oil fields and refineries -- officials say the terror network is making money in other ways.

""We know that oil revenue is no longer the lead source of their income in dollars,"" Pentagon press secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby said recently.

But he added: ""They get a lot of donations. They also have a significant black market program."" How much money ISIS truly makes from donations is a matter of debate. But experts agree that ISIS receives significant revenue from black-market smuggling and other operations.

""ISIS is selling anything they can get their hands on,"" Dr. Daveed Gartenstein-Ross, a senior fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, said in an interview with Fox News. Plus, according to reports, the group is even skimming Iraqi taxpayer dollars by shaking down government employees in areas they've conquered.

In short, ISIS is set on building a terror empire, going so far as to tout its annual financials.

Reportedly, ISIS released a $2 billion budget for 2015 including a $250 million surplus, though those numbers are disputed. After Mosul fell to the Islamic State in June, the International Business Times declared ISIS the ""world's richest terrorist organization"" after the central bank's vaults were looted of some $420 million. Estimates vary, but ISIS reportedly rakes in between one and three million dollars per day, though the strikes against its oil refineries have taken a toll.

The United Nations last Thursday tried to strike at the money stream. The Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution aimed at cutting off millions of dollars in earnings from oil smuggling, antiquities trafficking and ransom payments to ISIS.

The measure calls for sanctions against individuals and entities that trade in oil with ISIS and Al Qaeda affiliates such as the Al-Nusra Front in Syria. The resolution was co-sponsored by more than 35 countries. It called for all 193 countries of the U.N. to take steps to prevent ancient artifacts from being smuggled and sold and to ban the direct or indirect sale of ransoms.

U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power said payments and donations to ISIS ""perpetuate a cycle of horrific brutality, giving these groups resources to carry out more murderous acts and incentivizing them to take more people captive.""

How much ISIS really receives from donations is unclear.

""Most charities [supporting radical Islam] in the Gulf are aligned with Al Qaeda, not ISIS,"" said Gartenstein-Ross.

Gartenstein-Ross pointed to Abdulrahman al-Nuaymi, a Qatari who has been accused by the U.S. Treasury Department of transferring millions of dollars to Al Qaeda affiliates in Iraq and Syria, as a prime example of this arrangement. While many blame Qatar for playing a ""double game"" of supporting both radical Islamist groups and the coalition against ISIS, the Obama administration disputes the notion that wealthy Arabs from Persian Gulf countries give generously to ISIS.

""ISIL derives a relatively small share of its funds from deep-pocket donors, and thus does not, today, depend principally on moving money across international borders. Instead, ISIL obtains the vast majority of its revenues through local criminal and terrorist activities,"" said Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence David S. Cohen in October, at The Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.

""There is a lot of opacity,"" Gartenstein-Ross admitted. But he said the smuggling of black market goods, similar to the opium trade by the Taliban inside Afghanistan; taxation among the Iraqi population particularly in Mosul; and the sale of oil round out other areas of ISIS funding. Gartenstein-Ross pointed out that airstrikes from the U.S.-led coalition against oil refineries in Syria have denied ISIS a large source of revenue. Looting and ransoms make up for some of the difference, however.

Some experts point to the Iraqi government as unwittingly contributing to ISIS' coffers. Aki Peritz, a former CIA counterterrorism analyst, said in a recent New York Times op-ed that the Iraqi government continues to pay its civil servants in Mosul, despite being controlled by ISIS.

Peritz wrote, ""Baghdad provides about $130 million every month to pay all its workers in Mosul"" and estimated that Iraq's treasury has paid over $1 billion to these civil servants since Mosul fell in June 2014. He estimated that ISIS has taken half of those payments in the form of taxation.

While efforts are currently underway to dismantle key revenue sources for the Islamic State, there are signs the caliphate is receiving setbacks from within. According to syriadirect.org, ""Assassinations, bombings and defections plague the Islamic State in Deir e-Zor,"" in oil-rich eastern Syria. The nonprofit news outlet based in Amman, Jordan, says that over the past month, assassination attempts against members of ISIS religious police have become more common.

Lucas Tomlinson is the Pentagon and State Department producer for Fox News Channel. You can follow him on Twitter: @LucasFoxNews",1
1068,Cruz wins CPAC presidential straw poll,"Texas GOP Sen. Ted Cruz on Saturday won the annual CPAC presidential straw poll, a gauge of where conservative voters stand.

Florida Sen. Marco Rubio came in second and billionaire businessman Donald Trump came in third.

Cruz got 40 percent of the informal vote, followed by Rubio with 30 percent, Trump with 15 percent and Ohio Gov. John Kasich with 8 percent.

Trump at the last minute cancelled his appearance at the four-day CPAC event. Cruz and Rubio spoke at the event.

Last year, Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul won the informal poll with 25.7 of the vote, followed by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, Cruz, Ben Carson, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum, Rubio and Trump.

In 2012, the last CPAC straw poll in a presidential year, the winner was Mitt Romney, the eventual GOP nominee. He was followed by Santorum and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, R-Ga.",1
2416,"Hawaii’s $205M ObamaCare system on life support, critics fear ‘complete waste’","Federal taxpayers dumped more than $205 million into Hawaii's ObamaCare insurance exchange, but after a steady downward spiral the once-highly praised Hawaii Health Connector is on life support.

The federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services has already restricted grant funds to the Hawaii Health Connector, after telling officials in March it was out of compliance with the Affordable Care Act because of fiscal instability and ongoing IT issues.

With state lawmakers also blocking additional funds, the system is struggling to stay afloat. The governor's office said it is doing what it can to salvage the situation, including approving $30 million to temporarily transition the local portal to the federal exchange, HealthCare.gov -- where residents could continue to enroll over the next year while problems with the local site are addressed.

Laurel Johnston, deputy chief of staff for Gov. David Ige, claimed the state will ""negotiate the release of federal grant funds"" and ensure compliance with the law.

Whether they will succeed remains to be seen. CMS still has to accept the governor's proposal -- and the exchange reportedly is making contingency plans in case the system has to shut down entirely.

The drama has only hardened critics' concerns that millions of taxpayer dollars are going to waste.

""The $200 million was a complete waste of tax dollars that could have been used for much more productive efforts,"" said Reg Baker, a well-known CPA in Hawaii who for many years was the chief financial officer for the health insurance plan, HMAA.

The news about the Hawaii Health Connector's troubles went national this week when Hawaii's largest daily, the Star Advertiser, broke a story based on a ""leaked"" draft of the state's report to CMS, which reportedly said the exchange prepared a contingency plan to shut down local operations and transition to federal government control by Sept. 30. The plan purportedly directed that no new enrollees would be accepted by the local exchange after the end of this week, outreach services would conclude May 31, and a 73-member workforce, including staff and consultants, would be laid off by Feb. 28.

The governor's office maintained that was just a draft report and said ""recent news reports based on confidential working draft documents have misrepresented ongoing discussions between the federal government, the state administration and Hawaii Health Connector.""

The Connector's executive director Jeff Kissel said the first priority ""is to ensure the continuity of coverage for the 37,000 to 40,000 Hawaii residents who are receiving health insurance coverage through Hawaii Health Connector."" If CMS does not accept the governor's plan, Hawaii also risks losing $1 billion in matching federal Medicaid funds, according to Ige's office.

Baker told FoxNews.com the state should just abandon plans to keep the local Connector open, and merge with the federal government website. ""Piggy-backing on the federal system is the financially smart thing to do,"" he said.

While many of the state's Democrats praised the ObamaCare exchange when it launched in October 2013, it was riddled with trouble from the start. The web portal never worked properly despite the state spending $74 million on a contract with CGI to build and maintain it. The exchange experienced tremendous staff turnover, with three executive directors appointed in two years. Enrollment reached just over 8,500 in the first year, and as a result, Hawaii was ranked the most costly exchange in the nation at more than $$23,899 per person.

Enrollment never reached the 300,000 number then-Gov. Neil Abercrombie, a Democrat, enthusiastically predicted at the opening press conference launching the Connector. The enrollment number also never hit 70,000, the minimum needed to stay financially solvent. At its peak, enrollment reached 37,000, a fraction of the state's 1.4 million people. Hawaii's uninsured population, at 8 percent when the exchange opened, dropped just 2 percent.

""Some folks might suggest that the Connector was 'successful' because of the 30,000 people who signed up, but those numbers are questionable since many already had insurance to begin with, were transferred to the Medicare system or are no longer enrolled, and signups are not as important as the number currently enrolled in the insurance plans offered on the Connector,"" Baker said, noting each enrollee cost the federal government about $6,666.66.

Millions of dollars went to the failed web portal developed by controversial Montreal-based company, CGI Federal, the same company that developed the botched federal web portal for HealthCare.gov under a $93.7 million contract, but was replaced in January 2014 after numerous enrollees had problems registering.

Besides the fact that Hawaii's web portal did not function properly since the site launched, because it didn't sync with the state Department of Human Services website offering Medicaid, the site had another major technical problem: the Connector's Small Business Health Options Program targeted at small business owners sent garbled data to insurers preventing them from signing up small businesses and their employees.

Hawaii is just the latest state that has struggled to sustain its ObamaCare exchange, at great cost to taxpayers, watchdog group Americans for Tax Reform notes.

Despite the government investing $4.5 billion into state-run exchanges, Oregon, Massachusetts, Maryland, Vermont, New Mexico and Nevada shut down their operations.

""One wonders where these tens of millions of dollars actually go,"" ATR President Grover Norquist said.

Baker said the system is failing ""for the same reason most businesses fail -- the customers did not see the value of the product they were trying to sell.""",1
498,Walmart Boosts Minimum Wage to $9/Hour,"The biggest retailer in the world has agreed to boost its U.S. workers’ pay to $9 an hour, which is $1.75 above the federal minimum wage. Walmart announced the wage hike Thursday, adding that it expects employees to earn at least $10 an hour by Feb. 1, 2016. Both full-time and part-time employees will benefit from the increase. The retailer also announced that employees’ schedules will be set at least 2 1/2 weeks in advance and some workers will be given fixed shifts.",1
4960,Did Gary Johnson Just Get Boxed Out of the Debates?,"When the Commission on Presidential Debates on Monday finalized its rules for determining which candidates get invited to this fall’s headline debates, it suddenly made Libertarian dark-horse candidate Gary Johnson’s job a whole lot harder.

Johnson, a former Republican who has been picking up voters disaffected by Donald Trump, has had his eye on winning a debate slot all summer. Though he has conceded that “extraordinary things have to happen” for him to win, it’s the debates that matter for him: If he can get onstage, his strategists think, he has a chance to upset a race that has left a huge number of Americans unhappy with their choices.

He already knew the threshold for a debate invitation: a 15 percent showing in polls, a hurdle no third-party candidate has overcome since the commission set the bar in the 2000 campaign. Johnson harbors hope of being the first. But the combination of the polls the commission just announced it will use to make the cut — and the decision of most of the sponsoring media outlets to include both Johnson and Green Party nominee Jill Stein in those polls — effectively made the bar tougher for him to clear. With Stein siphoning off some of the anti-establishment vote he’s counting on, Johnson is probably going to end up watching the debates at home.

The selection rules the commission just announced seem reasonable, in one sense, and not obviously designed to undercut a third-party run. It will use polls released by the five major television news networks: ABC/Washington Post, NBC/Wall Street Journal, CBS/New York Times, CNN and Fox News. These are the same five polls that were used in 2012, except last time Gallup was used instead of CNN. (Gallup, you may recall, predicted a Mitt Romney victory in 2012, then published what was dubbed a “mea culpa” exploring why its likely voter model was so wrong. This election cycle, Gallup hasn’t done any trial heats, taking itself off the table.)

Third parties should be further pleased that all of those organizations have been including third-party candidates in their polling. A perennial complaint has been that third-party candidates can’t get to 15 percent in polls if they aren’t even mentioned in the polls as the campaign develops. But ABC/Washington Post, NBC/Wall Street Journal and CNN have been running four-way trial heats, while CBS/New York Times and Fox News have done three-way polls that include Johnson’s name. And upon the commission’s announcement, Fox News said it would include Stein in subsequent polls. That means at least four of the five will include all four candidates.

That’s what hurts Johnson, however. As the former New Mexico governor picks up Republicans alienated by Trump — and even picks up some progressives excited about his anti-war, pro-marijuana and civil liberties stances — his numbers have been climbing into the range where the debate feels like a possibility. When Stein is left out of the polls, Johnson isn’t far short of the 15 percent bar — he hit 12 percent in the last Fox News and CBS/New York Times polls. (A late July CBS poll, sans New York Times sponsorship but using the same pollster, has Johnson at 10.) But in the most recent polls from the three media outlets tapped by the commission which have been running four-way trial heats, Johnson comes in at 8, 9 or 10, while Stein averages 5. Johnson performs just a bit worse with Stein in the mix, but in the race for 15, every inch counts. And Stein, who would need to triple her support to secure an invite, is taking an inch or two from Johnson.

The bottom line: By including all four candidates, the commission’s sanctioned polling outfits are reducing the odds that a third candidate will make the cut.

This leaves Johnson with a tough strategic choice to make: Does he continue to hold himself up as an amiable alternative to the status quo? Or does he turn aggressive and start boring into the candidates who are standing in his way: Donald Trump and Jill Stein?

While both Johnson and Stein rail against the Trump-Clinton duopoly, in reality Johnson’s most immediate opponent is Stein, and vice versa. They’re each scrambling to claim as much of the small anti-establishment vote as possible. The most recent CNN poll found they both draw from independents, with Johnson winning 16 percent of self-identified independent voters and Stein 8 percent. They roughly split the pot of Bernie Sanders voters, as Stein takes 13 percent and Johnson 10. They also both get a little from disaffected partisans; Johnson wins 7 percent of Republicans to Stein’s 3, and Johnson edges Stein with Democrats, 3 percent to 2.

Yet Libertarians have no ground to demand that Stein be left out of the polls, since the Greens may well get on the ballot in 44 states, breaking the party's record and far exceeding the commission’s ballot access requirement. Johnson has little recourse but to boost his standing, and fast.

He doesn’t have much time to make up ground. The commission says it will issue invites “after Labor Day 2016, but sufficiently in advance of the first-scheduled debate [on Sept 26] to allow for orderly planning.” So he has about a month, give or take.

To date, Johnson has largely sold himself as a tonic to the status quo. His ads and videos tread lightly on ideology and even lighter on policy prescriptions. For example, in his latest, Johnson says to millennials, “We may never agree on all the small things, but let’s agree on the big thing: both parties have blown it. … Working together, we’ll find fair, sensible and honest solutions.”

Non-ideological platitudes may be enough to win some of the “throw the bums out” vote. But Johnson needs more. He needs to consolidate the left-wing anti-Hillary vote and the economically libertarian anti-Trump vote. And those two goals are in conflict.

He could directly engage Green-leaners, employ the issues where he shares common ground with the left and say bluntly: “The truth is Jill Stein is not going to get into the debates, whereas I might, but only with your help. If you stand with me, I will ensure that there is a voice on the main stage calling for an end to the drug war, the abolishment of the NSA and a halt to drone strikes.”

He could also use the issues where he distinguishes himself on the right, and tell conservatives squeamish about Trump but allergic to Clinton, “The truth is Trump is not a conservative, and he’s not going to win. He opposes free trade, rejects entitlement reform and supports budget-busting stimulus. Give me a shot to beat her. If you stand with me, I will be the only one on the main stage defending the Trans-Pacific Partnership, making the case for raising the retirement age and pledging to balance the budget, without tax increases.”

Johnson hasn’t been this pointed on the issues in his advertising, precisely because the issues mentioned above are just a few of the “small things” on which people vehemently disagree. And he never mentions Stein, hoping to silently dismiss her. In one video, Johnson says, “All this talk about third-party? I’m it.” But that is simply untrue. He’s not the only third-party candidate in the race, and Johnson needs to deal with it.

It’s certainly possible, even likely, that this is a box Johnson can’t get out of. It’s hard to win sufficient support with a thin gruel of non-ideological talking points, and it’s also hard with a gumbo of disparate policy specifics.

Third parties loathe the commission’s 15 percent threshold, which was established in 2000. The commission is a private entity, unaccountable to the public, and its chosen number is literally arbitrary. Yet it does serve a public purpose. There are only so many debates that more than half of the electorate will sit through. It’s legitimate to ask that a candidate prove that he or she truly represents a significant faction of voters before getting such rarified face time, and pulling attention away from the one-on-one contest that is almost certain to decide the presidency.

This time around, Johnson and Stein have been given every opportunity to prove themselves. They have been listed in the polls. They have been given exposure on mainstream media networks — Johnson has done two CNN prime-time town halls, and Stein gets her first on Wednesday. Both are even outspending one of the major-party candidates in television ads for the first time, since Trump has bizarrely refused to spend a dime. But the downside of being included in those polls, and getting those town halls, is that there are no more excuses. If you don’t get to 15 percent, it’s your own fault.",1
5022,Trump campaign woes intensify amid questions over Melania's visa – as it happened,"Republicans face a lot of difficult decisions this year, but for the party to come back strong after Donald Trump’s divisive candidacy – for it to keep its brand as the free-market, democracy-loving, opportunity-focused alternative to the Democrats – the least-worst option is a major loss in the presidential race.

By selecting a nominee that does not reflect the usual fiscal policies, a victory for Trump will mean a shift in the party’s focus. Even if the rest of the GOP holds fast to the platform or to traditional conservative values, the president’s policies always reshape the party.

If you have ever promoted a local candidate to voters, you know this is true – the public looks at the top of the ticket first and judges the party by that person’s views. Many Trump supporters will see his win as a referendum on their policies and will work to make the party reflect that. Fellow Republicans will either need to accept that or leave. 



We have no idea what a Trump presidency will look like, but based on his campaign, it will be filled with outrageous gaffes, inarticulate interviews on policy and offensive media blitzes focused on non-issues. Trump will most likely lose minorities and women, creating a wider divide that the GOP must bridge in the future. Many young voters will continue to associate Trump with the party long after he leaves office. This would only further damage Republicans and set us up for heavy losses in 2018.

Not to mention the party will continue to hemorrhage its best and brightest. Candidates, staff and volunteers have already walked away from Trump, and there’s no question it will keep happening. If Trump gains a greater control of the party, these people might even be forced out.

But let’s say Trump doesn’t win and Hillary Clinton claims the White House. If Trump only trails her by a few points, you can bet he will blame the Republicans who voted their conscience. Or he’ll kick up dirt over the “rigged” system, as he has already alluded to. Trump supporters in the party will go on a witch hunt, looking for anyone who acted disloyally to the Republican nominee. That in-fighting could destroy the party.",1
4252,"After Trump’s Super Tuesday romp, GOP establishment seeks unity to slow surge","Donald Trump won GOP primaries in seven states and Sen. Ted Cruz took three in a Super Tuesday rebound, sparking renewed calls from some Republicans to unify around a single Trump rival as the billionaire tightened his hold on front-runner status.

The contests in 11 states showcased Trump’s dominance over a crowded GOP field. Sen. Marco Rubio (Fla.) was the winner in one state: Minnesota, his first victory of the 2016 primary season.

[Live updates and results from across the U.S.]

Trump won Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Massachusetts, Tennessee, Vermont and Virginia, according to Edison Media Research. In several states, his lead was in double digits, and his share of the GOP vote neared 50 percent. With those wins, Trump has more than doubled his victory total in this GOP primary season.

But even as Trump basked in his Super Tuesday romp, a well-funded super PAC was ramping up its effort to discredit the New York businessman with a new television advertisement that portrays him as a predatory huckster who scammed working- and middle-class Americans.

The 60-second ad, which will begin airing Wednesday on stations across the country at a cost of more than $1 million, centers on Trump University, the billionaire mogul’s for-profit enterprise that promised to teach students the tricks of the real estate trade and is now defunct and the subject of a fraud suit.

The attack echoes themes that Rubio, who is trying to unite the GOP’s anti-Trump forces under his own banner, has advanced as he has addressed swelling crowds in suburban areas.

Cruz won Alaska, Oklahoma and his home state of Texas just after 9 p.m. These are the second, third and fourth states Cruz has won in this race; he also won the Iowa caucuses, the first contest of all. The win in Texas, in particular, was vital: It saved Cruz from a humiliating home-state defeat and gave him part of the largest slate of delegates that was up for grabs Tuesday.

[Live updates and results from across the U.S.]

But this was not the Super Tuesday that Cruz had hoped for months ago. He had campaigned hard in Southern states, hoping to dominate among evangelicals and very conservative voters. Instead, in state after state, he saw those voters flock to Trump.

For Rubio, the Minnesota win was a boost he sorely needed. Earlier in the night, Trump had mocked him for not winning any states so far. But overall, Tuesday was a disappointment for Rubio. He had attacked Trump sharply in the past few days and shifted some late-deciding voters into his camp. But outside of Minnesota, it wasn’t enough.

Ohio Gov. John Kasich came in a close second to Trump in Vermont.

The worry among the party establishment — which has put its last hopes on Rubio — was strong and growing after Trump’s Tuesday victories.

Even Sen. Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.), an outspoken critic of Cruz, said to CBS’s Charlie Rose on Tuesday night, “Well, I think we’re about ready to lose to the most dishonest politician in America, Hillary Clinton, and how could you do that?”

“I made a joke about Ted, but we may be in a position to have to rally around Ted Cruz as the only way to stop Donald Trump, and I’m not so sure that would work,” he said, adding that when it came to that prospect,“I can’t believe I would say yes, but yes.”

Cruz addressed his supporters at a venue called the Redneck Country Club in Stafford, Tex. He sought not so subtly to convince Rubio to drop out of the race, saying that a divided field was allowing Trump to succeed.

“So long as the field remains divided, Donald Trump’s path to the nomination remains more likely. And that would be a disaster . . . for conservatives, and for the nation. And after tonight, we have seen that our campaign is the only campaign that has beaten, that can beat, and that will beat Donald Trump,” Cruz said. He spoke to primary voters in future states: “We must come together.”

Rubio, the establishment candidate who had sharply attacked Trump in the past few days, ran close to Trump in Virginia, boosted by support among college-educated voters and Republicans in the Washington, D.C., suburbs. But he fell short, with Trump piling up large margins in the state’s rural South and West.

[No Republican nominee has ever won all the states Trump has]

Still, exit polls showed some good news for Rubio: In several states, he did well among voters who decided late, according to media reports. That could be taken as proof that Rubio’s late attacks on Trump worked — and it could encourage Rubio to continue them, hoping to win more primaries in the coming weeks.

“Just five days ago, we began to unmask the true nature of the front-runner so far in this race. Five days ago, we began to explain to the American people that Donald Trump is a con artist. And in just five days, we have seen the impact it is having all across the country,” Rubio told supporters in Miami. “We are seeing, in state after state, his numbers coming down. Our numbers going up.”

He looked ahead to the Republican primary in Florida on March 15, a “winner-take-all” contest that could vault Rubio back into contention — or, if he loses, doom him.

Rubio’s campaign has sought to position him as the top alternative to Trump: the one who’d be waiting and ready when voters — or delegates, at a fractious GOP convention — finally turned on the front-runner. But Tuesday’s results showed that isn’t exactly true. In six of the nine states where polls have closed, in fact, Rubio was running third.

Trump spoke to supporters at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Fla., in an ornate ballroom. In his speech, he mocked Rubio, calling him “the little senator” and reminding his crowd that “[Rubio] didn’t win anything. He hasn’t won anything, period.”

[Overshadowed by Trump and Rubio, Cruz sees Texas as his last stand ]

Trump also called his campaign “a movement,” and sought to look ahead to a general election contest against Clinton, the former secretary of state.

“I am a unifier. When we get all of this finished, I’m going to go after one person, Hillary Clinton,” Trump said. He rejected suggestions that his comments — about Mexican immigrants, mass deportation of undocumented immigrants and a ban on Muslim foreigners entering the country — had divided his party.

“We are going to be a much finer party. We’re going to be a unified party,” Trump said. “I mean, to be honest with you. And we are going to be a much bigger party. Our party is expanding.”

Later, Trump responded to a question by saying he’d been watching all the big cable-TV news networks, and liked them all. “See, I’m becoming diplomatic,” he said.

In a wide-ranging news conference that followed Trump’s speech, he issued a kind of threat to House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), who – before Trump came on the scene – had a claim to being the most popular figure in the GOP.

“Paul Ryan, I don’t know him well,” Trump said. “I’m sure I’ll get along with him. And if I don’t? He’ll have to pay a big price.”

It seemed possible, given Tuesday’s results, that Rubio, Cruz and Kasich could find a reason to remain in the race. So even where Trump lost Tuesday night, he may have won — reaping the benefits of a crowded field of candidates and splitting the anti-Trump vote into pieces.

Former pediatric neurosurgeon Ben Carson, who has failed to win a single primary or caucus so far, told supporters he was dismayed with the state of the nation’s political system and not prepared to quit the race yet.

“It is rotten; it is rotten to the core,” Carson told a crowd of supporters in Baltimore. “I’m not ready to quit untangling it quite yet.”

Carson has called on the five remaining candidates to meet privately in Detroit in advance of Thursday’s upcoming GOP Fox News Channel debate. He has asked them to take “a pledge to talk about the many serious problems facing our country, instead of personally attacking each other.”

In the Democratic race, with nearly all the votes counted,Clinton won the Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia Democratic primaries as she looks to dramatically widen her lead in the race for the Democratic presidential nomination over Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders.

Sanders chalked up four victories: his home state of Vermont, as well as in Oklahoma, Minnesota and Colorado.

At a polling place in Houston where Cruz cast his vote Tuesday, Francisco Valle, 74, held a sign depicting Trump with a Hitler-style mustache and his right hand raised; it read, “absolutely no Mexicans.” Valle also hung a sign with the letter T and word “Trump” in the shape of a swastika with “STOP” written beneath.

“I am here because I want to make awareness of a movement that is very dangerous to all the minorities, because Hitler started the same way,” said Valle, who is Mexican American. “He blamed the Jews for all the problems, and now Trump is blaming the Mexicans for the problems.”

Trump has suggested he is expanding the GOP’s base of support by appealing to Democrats and independents, even though some say he is alienating some traditional Republican backers.

“We have tremendous numbers of people coming in, and the Republican Party is growing larger,” he said. If it fails to do that, he added, “it’s not going to win.”

Wagner reported from Burlington, Vt.; Eilperin from Washington. Katie Zezima in Houston; Patricia Sullivan in Arlington, Va.; Laura Vozzella in Richmond, Va.; Abby Phillip in Minneapolis, Minn.; Scott Clement, Anne Gearan and Paul Kane in Washington; Robert Costa in Atlanta; Jose A. DelReal in Nashville; Fenit Nirappil in Norfolk, Va.; Ed O’Keefe in Alcoa, Tenn.; and David Weigel in Castleton, Vt., contributed to this report.",1
3541,"74 children executed by ISIS for 'crimes' that include refusal to fast, report says","The blood-soaked executioners of ISIS have spared neither women nor children since the jihadist army established its caliphate a year ago, putting an estimated 74 kids and even more women to death for such offenses as practicing “magic” and refusing to fast during Ramadan.

A total of 3,027 people have been executed by ISIS since it declared itself a state under strict Islamic law in Syria and Iraq last June, according to a new report by the UK-based group, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.

""Many of the charges against those executed are recorded as blasphemy and spying, but others include sorcery, sodomy, practicing as a Shia Muslim,"" the report states.

Just this week, two children whose ages were not known were crucified in the Mayadin, Deir Ezzor province in eastern Syria after ISIS accused them of not properly fasting during Ramadan. The children’s bodies, put on public display on crossbars, each bore a sign explaining their violation during the holy month for Muslims that runs June 17 to July 17. With each execution justified by ISIS' medieval interpretation of the Koran, the group is attempting to portray itself as the true practitioners of Islam, say experts.

“Underlying all these executions is the apocalypse ideology of the final battle between the believers and the unbelievers,” said Jasmine Opperman, the director of Southern Africa Operations at the Terrorism, Research & Analysis Consortium. “ISIS is using executions to show its followers -- and would-be followers -- that the group is the only true representative of believers, not only in word, but action, which is why executions are featured so prominently.”

Other children died fighting for their lives.

“The violent Islamist group appears to demonstrate a particular interest in children, releasing videos of children fighting in cages and undertaking military training,” the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights group said. “The report also details moves undertaken by the group to entice children to join, which include setting up offices called ""cubs of the caliphate"" that recruit children to fight for ISIS.”

The United Nations Committee on the Rights of the Child released a report in February, documenting the many horrors ISIS has imposed on children who are Kurdish, Yazidi, Christian and even Muslim. Children – even those who are mentally challenged – are being tortured, crucified, buried alive, used as suicide bombers and sold as sex slaves, the report said.

“ISIS is hoping to spur current supporters around the world who are dormant, of which there are millions, into joining their caliphate by advertising acts like these, of which there are millions,” said Ryan Mauro, national security analyst for the Clarion Project, a nonprofit organization that educates the public about the threat of Islamic extremism. “They know that they can greatly increase their numbers by appealing to current radicals rather than the broader masses.”

Women are not spared the cruel brutality of ISIS, either.

The Syrian Observatory found that the terror group carried out more executions this week, murdering two married couples by beheading them publicly with a sword for “sorcery.”

“The Islamic State group executed two women by beheading them in Deir Ezzor province, and this is the first time the Observatory has documented women being killed by the group in this manner,” Rami Abdel Rahman, of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, told the Daily Mail.

Other citizens suspected of practicing black magic or sorcery also have been killed, the organization reports, including a magician beheaded in recent weeks in the Iraqi province of Salahuddin.

“The practicing of anything that is not approved by Islamic State under their very strict interpretation of Islam is ‘Haram’ or forbidden,” said Veryan Khan, editorial director for the Florida-based Terrorism, Research & Analysis Consortium. “If the Islamic State thinks that sorcery is real, then black magic would be a threat to them and seen as a danger.”

ISIS stepped up its killing spree this week as it celebrated both Ramadan and its one-year anniversary as a caliphate in Iraq and Syria with three straight days of ruthless public punishments and executions. On June 30, 11 workers from al-Miadin endured live crucifixion and were forced to wear signs saying ""70 lashes and to be crucified for 1 day for breaking the fast in Ramadan.""

The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the most recent killing spree is less than a week, after ISIS released a video of 15 men executed in three terrible ways: Drowned in cages, having their head blown off with explosives and burning them alive in a car hit with a rocket launcher.

Last Friday, the Islamic State claimed responsibility for the death of 38 people in Tunisia who were gunned down, and another 27 people who died after a bomb rocked a Shia mosque in Kuwait.

“Islamic State executions are not merely retribution by the state for behavior seen as illegal,” said Khan, noting executions by the Islamic State include everything from burning alive victims, firing squads, beatings and beheadings, to drowning, explosions, and throwing people off of buildings. “The Islamic State uses executions to intimidate and dominate the local population, for diplomatic communiqués to world leaders, for recruitment purposes and to demonstrate the organization is in complete control.”",1
2808,"On Capitol Hill, deep skepticism persists as lawmakers react to Iran deal","The deal Tuesday to curb Iran’s nuclear weapons program came at the end of two years of an intricate ballet involving President Obama and the leaders of six other countries.

But as the debate moved from the negotiating tables of Vienna to the halls of the U.S. Capitol, Obama faced a new and complicated task: to protect the agreement from opponents who would undermine it in Washington over the next two months.

“I will veto any legislation that prevents the successful implementation of this deal,” Obama said Tuesday. “This is not the time for politics or posturing. Tough talk from Washington does not solve problems.” It would take two-thirds of both the House and the Senate to override such a veto.

Most congressional Republicans remained deeply skeptical, some openly scornful, of the prospect of relieving economic sanctions while leaving any Iranian uranium-enrichment capability intact. And Democrats offered only cautious endorsements of the deal that represents a cornerstone of Obama’s foreign policy as Congress begins a two-month review of the agreement.

Hours after the deal was announced, House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) accused Obama of abandoning his own objectives for the negotiations and called the agreement “unacceptable.”

“It’s going to hand a dangerous regime billions of dollars in sanctions relief while paving the way for a nuclear Iran,” he said. “If it’s as bad a deal as I think it is at this point, we’ll do everything we can to stop it.”

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said the deal “appears to fall well short of the goal we all thought was trying to be achieved, which was that Iran would not be a nuclear state.”

Democratic leaders, meanwhile, mainly offered pledges to closely review the deal rather than outright endorsements. In a morning statement, Senate Minority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.) called the agreement “historic,” but he did not address the deal at an afternoon news conference until he was prompted by reporters.

“My staff hasn’t read it; I haven’t read it,” Reid said. “Let’s find out what we have first.”

House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) called the deal “the product of years of tough, bold and clear-eyed leadership” from Obama but stopped short of a full endorsement. “Congress will closely review the details of this agreement,” she said.

Not since George W. Bush sought the approval of Congress to go to war has a president turned to lawmakers for their support on a matter of such international importance. The congressional review of the deal will proceed according to a framework passed by Congress in May and signed into law by Obama. It provides for a 60-day review period, during which lawmakers could do nothing and allow the agreement to take effect, vote to approve the deal or vote their disapproval of it.

Passing a disapproval measure would have to survive the veto that Obama promised Tuesday. Overriding that veto would require a two-thirds vote in both houses — with the decisive vote likely to come in the Senate, where the Republican majority is slimmer.

Broad Republican opposition to the agreement is expected after months of pointed statements and political maneuvering from GOP leaders. Over Obama’s objections, Boehner invited Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, a fierce critic of the negotiations, to address Congress in March. Shortly afterward, 47 of 54 Senate Republicans signed a letter addressed to Iranian leaders that was intended to undermine the talks.

[Israel blasts Iran deal as ‘one of the darkest days in history’]

At least 13 Democratic or independent senators would have to join with Republicans to override an Obama veto.

Some Democrats expressed pointed skepticism Tuesday, starting with Sen. Robert Menendez (N.J.), who co-sponsored the congressional review legislation. In a statement, he said the agreement “ultimately legitimizes Iran as a threshold-nuclear state” and “doesn’t end Iran’s nuclear program — it preserves it.”

Rep. Steve Israel (N.Y.), the highest-ranking Jewish Democrat in the House, said he would “review every word, sentence and paragraph of the deal to ensure it satisfies my continued concerns.”

“Until then,” he said, “you can continue to count me in the ‘skeptical’ column.”

Few Senate Republicans indicated Tuesday that they were inclined to vote in favor of the deal.

Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, has for months struck a relatively measured tone on the negotiations but said Tuesday that the deal amounted to “managed proliferation.”

“I would say the agreement has taken a downward trend,” he said.

Corker said he expected to hold hearings over the coming weeks before Congress breaks for its August recess but said the votes would probably be held in September — giving skeptics crucial weeks to marshal opposition.

Under the review law, the 60-day clock does not begin until the agreement is officially certified and submitted to Congress, but it begins no later than five days after the deal is reached. During the review period, Obama is not permitted to relieve any Iranian sanctions.

[The historic nuclear deal with Iran: How it works]

Lawmakers have laid out a wide array of concerns, including the terms under which international inspectors will be given access to Iranian facilities, the pace of sanctions relief, the extent that Iranians will be able to continue enriching uranium for peaceful purposes, and the Iranian regime’s support for terrorist activities in the Middle East and beyond.

In recent days, there has been close attention to the prospect that a U.N. arms embargo, imposed in 2007 amid international concerns over the direction of the Iranian nuclear program, might be lifted. The agreement released Thursday set forth a path for the embargo on conventional weapons to be lifted in as little as five years and for those on ballistic missiles to be lifted in as little as eight years.

Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told the Senate Armed Services Committee last week that “under no circumstances should we relieve pressure on Iran relative to ballistic missile capabilities and arms trafficking.”

Lawmakers have seized on Dempsey’s quote in recent days as it appeared more and more likely that the arms embargo could be eased under the final agreement.

“Who thinks it’s a good idea, given the Iranians’ toppling of the Mideast, to give them a lifting of the arms embargo that was not even part of the deal?” asked Sen. Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.) during a morning appearance on MSNBC. “I would have never done that until they changed their behavior.”

The announcement of the deal also triggered a wave of criticism from policy experts seeking to sway votes in Congress. Experts at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy took aim at whether components of the deal would be sufficient to ensure Iran’s compliance and whether access to oil money now frozen in escrow accounts would allow it to make more mischief in the region.

“While the nuclear issue and Iran’s support of terrorism are ostensibly distinct, they are in fact implicitly linked,” David Makovsky and Matthew Levitt wrote on the group’s Web site.Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) offered one of the most robust defenses of the agreement to be found on Capitol Hill on Tuesday and predicted that, even if Congress forced Obama to veto a disapproval, it would not be overridden.

“Anything’s possible, but I just don’t think so,” Feinstein said. “I think people are going to understand that we’re in a deteriorating situation in the Middle East, and this offers the opportunity to turn the page. . . . You know, nations do change.”",1
2455,"Heart disease kills way more people than war, murder, and traffic accidents combined","The scariest causes of death — war, murder, car accidents — are also some of the least common ways that we die. This fact is made abundantly clear in a graphic from Britain's National Health Service, which displays the leading causes of death in the United Kingdom:

Much more mundane things, like circulatory and digestive disorders, are much more common causes of death murders or car accidents. While this data comes from the United Kingdom, the leading causes of death in the United States look pretty similar: heart disease, cancer, and chronic respiratory disease are the most common killers in America.

""Every day we are told of lethal new threats to our health and lives,"" the NHS writes in an explanation of the graphic. ""Food additives, knife crime, pollution, terrorism ... It's not that these threats are not potential killers, but in this blizzard of health warnings it's easy to lose perspective and worry about small or insignificant risks while ignoring, or being unaware, of major threats.""

The NHS has also put together a set of ""risk"" factors that looks at some of the leading behavioral decisions that cause death, whether that's smoking too much or consuming too few fruits and vegetables:

You can also use an interactive version of the Atlas of Risk, which lets you break down the risks and causes of death for different demographics. For example, that data shows that traffic accidents are a much higher cause of death for people between the ages of 1 and 19 than for other age groups. This is what that chart looks like:

You can find the Atlas of Risk here. (And thanks to Peter Ubel for pointing it out on Twitter.)",1
1709,"#MemeOfTheWeek: The Strange, Sad Case Of #FeelTheChafe","A few hours before the start of this week's Democratic presidential debate in Las Vegas, the tweets started to pour in.

They all had the same, strange hashtag: #FeelTheChafe, a reference to the #FeelTheBern Bernie Sanders supporters were using to rally around their candidate. But it had a snarky twist for Lincoln Chafee, the former Rhode Island governor and senator, who's been, so far, a much less popular presidential candidate.

By the end of the night, #FeelTheChafe had gone from being a hashtag Twitter assumed was made by Chafee supporters, to being one used to soundly ridicule the man:

By the next day, the hashtag had even made it to TV, becoming part of a Jimmy Fallon riff on his late-night show. And a lot of people were asking the same question: who in the world on Chafee's team thought that hashtag was a good idea.

Here's the thing, though: From what we can tell, it was not actually his team's idea. At some point over the last few months, the occasional Chafee supporter began using #FeelTheChafe, seemingly positively.

How did it all change? And perhaps an even better question, how did it all start?

Well, NPR found the first person on Twitter to actually use the hashtag #FeelTheChafe when talking about the Chafee campaign. That tweet occurred on May 29 of this year, from an account belonging to Greg Newburn. NPR reached out to Newburn, to see what inspired him.

NPR: It seems as if you were the first person on Twitter to use the #FeelTheChafe hashtag in relation to Chafee's bid for president. Before that, it was used when ladies were talking about working out in yoga pants and stuff. So, talk about that first tweet you did with the hashtag. I think you posted it soon after Chafee announced he was running. Do you recall that?

NEWMAN: ""Yeah, I do recall that. If I recall correctly, that was right around the time that the #FeelTheBern hashtag was just taking off, among some of Bernie Sanders' most die-hard and early supporters on Twitter. And I follow several of them, so I was familiar with the #FeelTheBern hashtag. And when Lincoln Chafee announced, someone tweeted it [his announcement], and it just sort of clicked; it just made sense to me. It was just some sort of throw-away joke, really.""

Do you like Lincoln Chafee? 

""Oh, I guess, from what I know about him, sure, he doesn't seem like a bad guy. But to tell you the truth, I haven't thought too much about him, one way or the other.""

When you tweeted the hashtag for that first time, was it meant to be a positive thing, or a negative thing, or just a funny thing?

""Yeah, it was not negative, nor positive. I thought it was funny, so I tweeted it.""

Who are you supporting for President?

""I don't really have a candidate to be honest. I like several of the Republican candidates.""

But not the Dem candidates? 

""No, I don't think I like any of the Democratic candidates. Jim Webb, I guess, a little bit. I'm a Republican; I'll probably vote Republican.""

Have you been following the #FeelTheChafe hashtag? 

""I was shocked at how many people have used it, 'cause, I didn't follow it. Like I said, it was a joke. And I tweeted it. I'm not even sure I saw anything about Lincoln Chafee between the time I tweeted that and then the debate the other night. I don't think I saw him in the news even once. I was surprised to see so many people using it ... I'm just under the assumption that someone else independently came up with the same hashtag, and it took off from there, probably someone with considerably more followers than I have.""

You've seen what this hashtag has become. It's kind of been used to ridicule this guy. Does that make you feel bad? 

[Laughter] ""I don't like it when anyone gets ridiculed, I guess. But he's a politician, and he's in the public sphere, so I assume he can handle this type of criticism. And I'm reasonably certain that whatever the intent, it's probably in good fun; it's probably in good faith.""

If you were in a room with Lincoln Chafee, and he was like, 'Oh hey, you're the guy that did that hashtag,' what would you say to him? 

""Well, I guess it would depend on what his reaction to the hashtag is. I would hope that he would understand that it was all in good fun and certainly not political in any meaningful way. And then I would probably ask him if he supports sentencing reform [Newman is the Florida State Policy Director of Families Against Mandatory Minimums]. And if he does, I would say, 'Yay, thank you!'""

If you could do it all over again, and if you knew that your hashtag would take off so much, would you have crafted that tweet differently?

""No, I would have written it the same way. I think it's funny.""

NPR also reached out to the Chafee campaign, to see what it thought of the hashtag gone wrong. Team Chafee confirmed it did not start the hashtag, and did not know who did. When we asked if it had been following #FeelTheBern and how they felt about it, we got this from campaign spokeswoman Debbie Rich:

""Governor Chafee applauds any political involvement, in general, and the creative attention to his campaign, in particular.""",1
732,Donald Trump to Ben Carson: You’re Fired… From My VP Team,"After floating a series of ridiculous Vice Presidential picks, Carson was axed from Trump’s selection team, sources close to the campaign told The Daily Beast.

Ben Carson has the ability to say everything he shouldn’t at exactly the wrong time.



Since the former neurosurgeon has taken up the role of working on Donald Trump’s vice presidential team, he has suggested that the candidate may pick a Democratic running mate, dropped she-who-must-not-be-named Sarah Palin as a potential pick and earlier generally questioned a number of the presumptive nominee’s habits from his Twitter use to lack of pragmatism.

Last week, Armstrong Williams (his business manager and close confidant), told The Daily Beast that Carson left the team of his own volition. Carson had bigger and more important things to do, according to Williams, like preparing Trump for his meeting with Speaker of the House Paul Ryan.

But three sources close to the Trump campaign said Carson didn’t leave on his own. He was pushed.

According to sources close to Trump’s campaign, Carson was demoted after Trump specifically wanted him to head up the VP selection team. He submitted names that he thought would be valuable picks and inevitably lost his top spot days later. Carson allegedly called Trump afterwards and was angry that the situation played out like this.

In the absence of a person to head up the operation, embattled campaign manager Corey Lewandowski stepped in and took over the spot, as first reported by The Washington Post. The Daily Beast has confirmed that Lewandowski is still in charge of the process.

The list of names Carson later provided to The Washington Post—which included Palin, Marco Rubio, and John Kasich—was apparently just taken from various conversations within the campaign and is in no way confirmed. One source claimed that Carson mentioned the list in order to get retaliation for Lewandowski taking his position.

“Well that’s part of what Lewandowski would want you to believe but there’s no truth to that,” Williams said of the takeover.

When asked about any possible rocky relationship with Barry Bennett, now a Trump adviser and Carson’s former campaign manager, Williams said there were no issues there either.

And Williams doesn’t either, not since December at least when Bennett exited the campaign after internal disagreements with the business manager who he claimed was causing issues with the struggling presidential bid.

Despite multiple people familiar with the matter confirming that a conversation took place to demote Carson, Williams asserted that the relationship between the real estate mogul and the doctor was going swimmingly.

“Dr. Carson and Mr. Trump have a wonderful understanding,” Williams said. “Sometimes I along with Trump’s top people are not always aware of what they are strategizing. [Carson] doesn’t always share with me. That’s a good thing.”

Williams has not always been an entirely reliable source of information about the goings-on inside the Trump campaign however. When he told The Daily Beast that Carson was off the VP team, a Trump campaign source told CNN that he had “fucked it up.”",1
2236,There’s a good reason protesters at the University of Missouri didn’t want the media around,"Video of a confrontation between a news photographer and protesters at the University of Missouri on Monday led to a dispute between journalists and the activists’ sympathizers beyond the campus walls. In response to a series of racial issues at the university, a circle of arm-linked students sought to designate a “safe space” around an encampment on the campus quad. When they blocked journalist Tim Tai from photographing the encampment, reporters complained that media were denied access to a public space.

Certainly, Tai – like any journalist – had a legal right to enter the space, given that it was in a public area. But that shouldn’t be the end of this story. We in the media have something important to learn from this unfortunate exchange. The protesters had a legitimate gripe: The black community distrusts the news media because it has failed to cover black pain fairly.

As a journalist, I understand how frustrating it is to be denied access to a person or place that’s essential to my story. I appeared with other journalists on local media in New York City to discuss our frustration over Mayor Bill de Blasio’s sometimes standoffish attitude towards the press. He is a public figure whose salary is paid with tax dollars. He is obligated to be accessible to us.

[Campus racism makes minorities drop out of college. Mizzou students had to act.]

The student protesters Tai encountered, though, didn’t owe him anything. They did not represent a government entity stonewalling access to public information. They were not public officials hiding from media questions. They were young people trying to build a community free not only of the racism that has recently wracked Mizzou’s campus but also of the insensitivity they encounter in the news media: Newspapers, Web sites and TV commentary had already been filled by punditry telling black students to “toughen up” and “grow a pair.” Then, in the noisy conversation about First Amendment rights that Tai elicited, journalists compounded the insult by drowning out the very message of the students Tai was covering.

As journalists, we should strive to understand the motivations of the people we cover. In this case, black students at the University of Missouri have had a string of racist encounters on campus: The president of the students’ association was called the n-word and other black students have been racially harassed while participating in campus activities. A Missouri journalism professor wrote in the Huffington Post that she has been called the n-word “too many times to count” during her 18 years at the university. In February 2010, black students woke up to cotton balls strewn over on the lawn of the black culture center on campus. The crime, carried out by white students, was designed to invoke plantation slavery. University president Tim Wolfe resigned Monday after graduate student Jonathan Butler went on a hunger strike and the school’s football players boycotted team activities to protest the very public racism he and many black students believe the school did little to address.

Establishing a “safe space” was about much more than denying the media access; it was about securing a zone where students’ blackness could not be violated. Yes, the hunger strike, the safe space and other demonstrations were protests, and protests should be covered. But what was fueling those protests was black pain. In most circumstances, when covering people who are in pain, journalists offer extra space and empathy. That didn’t happen in this case; these young people weren’t treated as hurting victims. Instead, after the confrontation with Tai, aggrieved journalists responded with a ferocity usually reserved for powerful entities with the means to inflict lasting damage on their First Amendment rights.

This wasn’t a problem with Tai’s character or his journalistic integrity; he was doing his job, and his past outstanding work speaks for itself. But in this conversation over “public space,” we’ve overlooked the protesters’ message — that conditions on campus make it an unbearable environment for black students to live and learn in. Their approach to creating a safe space should have been better conceived, but reporters should also feel a responsibility to try to understand and respect their pain, instead of rushing to judge them and panicking about an imagined assault on press freedoms.

[Shooters of color are called ‘terrorists’ and ‘thugs.’ Why are white shooters called ‘mentally ill’?]

Further, as reporters, we have to drop our sense of entitlement and understand that not everyone wants to be subjects of our journalism. Our press passes don’t give us the license to bully ourselves into any and all spaces where our presence is not appreciated. It’s one thing to demand access to public lands; it’s another to demand access to people’s grieving.

In many communities that historically have been marginalized and unfairly portrayed by the media, there’s good reason people do not trust journalists: They often criminalize black people’s pain and resistance to racial oppression. We saw it in coverage of Ferguson and Baltimore, when news stations seemed more concerned with the property damage than with the emotional damage that prompted it. Though peaceful protests in Ferguson had been going on for days, reporters didn’t descend on the town in large numbers until there were clashes with police. Suddenly, coverage spiked, but most of it was about “cars vandalized” and “buildings burned.” On Fox News, the channel most watched for Ferguson coverage at the height of the unrest, protesters were called “thugs.” Reporting from the protests, CNN’s Don Lemon noted, “Obviously, there’s a smell of marijuana in the air.” We heard comparatively little about the residents’ long-held grievances about police harassment and brutality.

The unfair portrayal of black people in the news media is well documented. One study analyzing news coverage by 26 local television stations, black people were rarely portrayed unless they had committed a crime. A 2015 University of Houston study found that this imbalanced coverage may lead viewers to develop racial bias against black people because it often over-represents them in crime rates. Recognizing this kind of bias in news media, black Twitter users started the #IfTheyGunnedMeDown hashtag to call out news images of Mike Brown that many felt criminalized him in his death.

That black students would be skeptical of media is understandable. We’ve already seen the kind of headlines they undoubtedly feared. In an Atlantic piece headlined “Campus Activists Weaponize ‘Safe Space’,” Conor Friedersdorf calls the protesters a mob and insists they are “twisting the concept of ‘safe space.’” Again, a journalist criminalizes black people for expressing their pain. It was another piece centering the reporter’s privilege over the students’ trauma. Friederdorf’s piece completely ignores the intolerable racial climate that forced the students to establish a safe space in the first place.

[Black college football and basketball players are the most powerful people of color on campus]

There were other ways to cover these students’ protest without breaching their safe space and without criminalizing them.The human chain students formed provided ample b-roll and still photos. Students could have been interviewed outside of that space. I would have pitched a story to my editors with the headline, “Why Black Students Were Forced To Secure A Safe Space On A Public Campus.”  But to do that requires self-reflection and not a condescending, self-absorbed soliloquy about the First Amendment.

For journalists, the Missouri protests are a big news story. For the black students we’re covering, however, it’s a fight for their humanity and liberation. Tai is correct: he was doing his job. But in that stressful moment he may have failed to realize that the space he wanted to enter was a healing one that black people had worked to secure.

Black pain is not an easy subject to cover, but the lesson we can take from this encounter at Missouri is that our presence as journalists, with the long legacy of criminalizing blackness that comes with it, may trigger the same harmful emotions that led to the students’ protests in the first place.

We used to count black Americans as 3/5 of a person. For reparations, give us 5/3 of a vote.

Don’t criticize Black Lives Matter for provoking violence. The civil rights movement did, too.

This is what white people can do to support #BlackLivesMatter",1
2201,Iran nuclear deal: why White House rules foreign policy,"When it comes to foreign policy, Congress sits in the audience and cheers or boos. But it seldom has any profound effect on the outcome of the action.

How SNL's 'the bubble' sketch about polarization is all too true

Speaker of the House John Boehner of Ohio, pauses while speaking about his opposition to the Iran deal during a news conference Sept. 9 on Capitol Hill in Washington. Even though opponents of the Iran nuclear deal can’t win in Congress, they aren’t going to go quietly. 'This debate is far from over, and frankly, it's just beginning,' Boehner said on Sept. 10.

The almost-certain implementation of President Obama’s Iran deal despite heated opposition from most congressional Republicans and some Democrats is yet more evidence that, when it comes to major decisions of US foreign policy, it is the White House that runs the game.

Congress sits in the audience and cheers or boos. But it seldom has any profound effect on the outcome of the action.

And if anything, the influence of Capitol Hill on the nation’s diplomacy and military action may be declining in today’s highly partisan age.

It isn’t obvious from the nation’s founding documents that the competing powers of the branches of government should lead to that result. The Constitution gives Congress the power to declare war, after all. The Senate participates in the ratification of treaties. The power of the purse offers lawmakers a way to try and influence a wide range of foreign policy decisions.

But in general, the unitary nature of the presidency allows it to make decisions and react to fast-moving foreign events while the legislature is still debating how to pull its boots on.

“This is simply an arena of policy that works to the commander-in-chief’s advantage,” wrote Dan Drezner, a professor of international politics at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University, earlier this year.

Occasionally, Congress has taken command of the nation’s diplomacy. After World War I, the Senate rejected the Treaty of Versailles, keeping the US out of the League of Nations. In 1999, the Senate similarly blocked US accession to the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty.

But take the Obama administration’s bombing campaign against the Islamic State. Congress hasn’t voted to explicitly approve it. Instead, the bombing is being conducted pursuant to an authorization of use of force that lawmakers passed in the wake of Sept. 11, 2001.

Both Republican and Democratic legislators would prefer that not be the case. They would like to move a newer war resolution. But after months of hearings and back-room wrangling they couldn’t agree on wording. Some wanted to authorize a full use of force, including the possible presence of US military boots on the ground. Others had a much narrower vision. So the push for a new resolution has produced nothing.

Such partisan gridlock has similarly reduced congressional influence on slower-moving foreign developments. The deal to curb Iran’s nuclear program developed over months of negotiations. Almost to a person, Congress complains that it should have been tougher. But it became a partisan issue, particularly after House Republicans invited Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to denounce it at a joint meeting of Congress. As it became more overtly political, even some Democrats with reservations about its requirements lined up behind the White House.

Eventually Congress approved a complicated review process that gave substantial power to the Democratic House and Senate minorities. For President Obama to win, all his party needed to do was maintain just enough cohesion to uphold an expected Obama veto of a disapproval resolution.

But they won’t even have to go that far, apparently. On Thursday, Senate Democrats blocked the GOP’s effort to reject the deal. A procedural vote on a resolution of disapproval fell two votes short of the 60 needed to proceed.

The White House was quick to declare final victory.

“This vote is a victory for diplomacy, for American national security, and for the safety and security of the world,” said Mr. Obama in a statement.

“This is a bad deal with decades-long consequences for the security of the American people and our allies. And we’ll use every tool at our disposal to stop, slow and delay this agreement,” said House Speaker John Boehner following the Senate vote.

In truth, it seems to be all over but the suing. Some House Republicans are urging a lawsuit to try and block the accord. Speaker Boehner has said that’s “an option that is very possible.”

Thus the Iran deal will stand as a major victory of President Obama’s second term, perhaps his signature accomplishment. Or that designation might go to the administration’s reestablishment of diplomatic relations with Cuba after more than 50 years. That’s another foreign policy move on which Congress had little-to-no influence.

Recognition of governments is something over which the president does have unilateral power. The Supreme Court affirmed that earlier this year on a 5-to-4 vote, ruling that the White House did not have to give US citizens born in Jerusalem the option of listing “Israel” as their place of birth on an American passport. (Why was that an issue? It’s complicated. For decades, US presidents have said the status of Jerusalem must be determined by Israeli-Palestinian agreement, which needless to say hasn’t happened.)

This is an issue on which the US must “speak with one voice,” wrote Justice Anthony Kennedy in the majority opinion. “That voice must be the president’s.”

However, there is at least one presidential aspirant who has long said the White House advantage on foreign policy should be rolled back. It’s too easy for the Oval Office to drag the US into misbegotten wars, in this person’s view. Congress should resume its rightful role as the check and balance on the nation’s overseas adventures, he says.

“One hopes Congress – both Republicans and Democrats – can regain the wisdom to reassert the authority that was so wisely given to it so many years ago,” he wrote in 2013 in a lengthy National Interest piece on the subject.

That would be former Sen. Jim Webb of Virginia, who served as Secretary of the Navy in the Reagan administration and later opposed the Bush administration’s invasion of Iraq.",1
7,Obama Argues Against Goverment Shutdown Over Planned Parenthood,"President Barack Obama said Saturday night that Congress should not shut down the federal government at the end of the month over a dispute that involves funding for Planned Parenthood, describing such a move as a “self-inflicted wound that we’ve seen before on our economy.”",1
3448,Is the Supreme Court Too Powerful? - Room for Debate - NYTimes.com,"Opinions about the Supreme Court’s legitimacy and value usually depend on ideology. Conservatives shouted tyranny after the Supreme Court upended bans on same-sex marriage. Liberals were outraged when the court overturned campaign finance limitations in the Citizens United ruling and gutted the Voting Rights Act in the Shelby County case.

But absent the ideological scoreboard, how can we judge the merit of the court? Is judicial review of laws the best way to avoid political influence? Or is major change more lasting and accepted when it’s accomplished legislatively?",1
2552,House votes to block Obama’s immigration actions — but exposes new GOP divisions,"This item has been updated.

House Republicans voted Wednesday to undo years of President Obama's immigration policies, launching a fresh attack on his executive actions as part of a plan to renew funding for the Department of Homeland Security.

But in doing so, Republicans exposed fresh rifts in their expanded ranks as more than two dozen members, mostly from suburban districts in swing states, voted against plans to end a program granting temporary legal status to hundreds of thousands of “dreamers” — or children brought to the country illegally by their parents who have served as the emotional centerpiece of the years-long debate.

House approval of the spending bill is just the opening act in a debate expected to stretch into late February, when homeland security expires. Legal challenges to Obama’s immigration orders, led by Republican state attorneys general, are underway. A senior GOP lawmaker suggested Wednesday that House and Senate leaders might also file suit.

The bill passed 236 to 191 with the support of two moderate Democrats. But 10 Republicans voted against the final bill. Earlier, 26 Republicans — including several new members from suburban districts around Chicago, Las Vegas, Miami and Philadelphia — joined Democrats in voting against a proposal to end Obama’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program.

Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart (R-Fla.), a veteran Miami Republican who was among those to vote against the bill and the DACA amendment, said that his party won't be able to settle the immigration fight until it negotiates a bipartisan compromise with Obama.

“Regardless of what happens this week, this month, on this issue, it will not make the issue itself go away,” he said.

But Rep. Robert Aderholt (R-Ala.) said he was encouraged by the strong support the bill received from fellow Republicans. He was lead author of an amendment that would effectively invalidate the executive actions taken by Obama in November and his policy instructing federal immigration officers to focus their efforts on deporting illegal immigrants with criminal backgrounds. The amendment passed with GOP support.

“It was a strong vote. I think it sends a message to the Senate as it goes forward. And we're optimistic about it,” he said.

In the wake of terrorist attacks in France last week, Republicans have faced criticism from Obama and congressional Democrats for delaying swift passage of new security funding. Some party leaders and operatives also worry that the aggressive nature of the bill will once again spoil GOP attempts to appeal to Hispanic and Asian voters in the 2016 president election. But GOP congressional leaders have said that the legislation is designed only to respond to Obama's ""executive overreach.""

""We do not take this action lightly, but there is simply no alternative,"" Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) said ahead of the vote as he recounted the 22 times he said Obama has raised doubts about his ability to change immigration policy through presidential powers. ""Enough is enough,"" he added later.

The White House denounced the House vote, saying Republicans were putting homeland security funding, training and long-range planning at risk. Obama’s top domestic policy adviser, Cecilia Muñoz, reiterated Obama’s threatened veto.

The House GOP “is interested in debating immigration but only interested in debating it if they undo the most significant and constructive actions that have taken place in many years,” she said in a conference call with reporters. Republicans are doing nothing on immigration that would “move the country forward.”

Gil Kerlikowske, the commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, said Obama’s executive actions are aimed at allowing the department to focus resources on deporting illegal immigrants who have committed felonies or have terrorist ties, rather than those who are living in the country illegally but do not break other laws.

“Prioritization is critical for any law enforcement agency,” he said.

While 218 Republicans voted for the amendment ending DACA, the ""no"" votes came from newly-elected Reps. Bob Dold (R-Ill.) from the Chicago suburbs; Cresent Hardy (R-Nev.) from the Las Vegas suburbs; Ryan Costello (R-Pa.) and Tom MacArthur (R-N.J.) from the Philadelphia suburbs; Carlos Curbelo (R-Fla.), who represents a Miami-area district; Martha McSally (R-Ariz.), who won her election by fewer than 200 votes; and Rep. John Katko (R-N.Y.) from an Upstate New York district that has switched parties several times in recent years.

They were joined by senior Republicans in their state delegations, including Florida's Mario Diaz-Balart and Ileana Ros-Lehtinen; Adam Kinzinger of Illinois; New Jersey's Chris Smith and Frank LoBiondo; New York's Chris Gibson, Richard Hanna and Peter King; Pennsylvania's Patrick Meehan and Charlie Dent; and Nevada's Mark Amodei and Joe Heck. Other members, including Reps. Jeff Denham (R-Calif.), Devin Nunes (R-Calif.), David Valadao (R-Calif.), Fred Upton (R-Mich.) and Mike Coffman (R-Colo.), also voted no.

In the Senate, Republicans control 54 seats, but 60 votes will be needed to advance the bill, and no Democratic senator has expressed support for it. The impasse means Republican leaders will need to negotiate a watered-down bill that can earn Democrat support, pass the Senate and be sent back to the House before current homeland security funding expires on Feb. 27.

If Republicans fail to block Obama's immigration policies through legislation, House and Senate leaders may team up on a new federal lawsuit challenging him, House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.) said Wednesday. Noting that several states are now challenging Obama's immigration actions in court, he said a similar suit might be brought by GOP lawmakers in the House and Senate.

""No decision has been made about that,"" he said, at a reporter breakfast hosted by the Christian Science Monitor, adding that it's likely to be the subject of talks at a two-day GOP policy retreat that begins Thursday at a conference center in Hershey, Pa.

""Congress has the right to write the laws and appropriate funds to programs under Article I of the Constitution, and if we are successful in using that legislation and make it clear that there is no legal authority for the president’s actions, then we don’t need to get to litigation,"" he added.

Sean Sullivan and David Nakamura contributed to this report.",1
1073,"Clinton takes four states, giving a big boost to her delegate total","Hillary Clinton won at least four of five primaries on Tuesday, pushing her closer to the Democratic presidential nomination as her considerably weakened rival Bernie Sanders vowed to press on with his insurgent campaign.

Clinton won big in Florida, North Carolina and Ohio, while claiming a narrower victory in Illinois. Missouri remained too close to call. Sanders’s campaign had hoped his raw message of economic justice would prevail in the industrial heartland.

But with her victories, Clinton was on track to collect a large share of the more than 1,000 delegates she still needed to lock up the contest. Sanders ended the day further behind in the delegate count — and needing to win a slew of upcoming states by improbably large margins.

“We are moving closer to securing the Democratic Party nomination and winning this election in November,” Clinton said at her victory party here Tuesday. As if to prove the point, she quickly pivoted to the Republican front-runner, Donald Trump.

“Our next president has to be ready to face three big tasks: First, can you make positive differences in people’s lives? Second, can you keep us safe? Third, can you bring our country together again?”

Clinton’s indictment of Trump’s policy positions sounded like a preview of arguments to come.

“When we hear a candidate for president call for the rounding up of 12 million immigrants, banning all Muslims from entering the United States, when he embraces torture, that doesn’t make him strong, it makes him wrong,” Clinton said.

Clinton has been eager to refocus her campaign to confront Trump more directly. But asked Tuesday if she was concerned that a protracted primary fight with Sanders would hobble Democrats ahead of the contest against a Republican nominee, she declined to encourage Sanders to leave the race.

Her campaign emailed a fundraising pitch Tuesday evening warning of the dangers of a Trump presidency and of complacency among Democrats.

“Tonight, Donald Trump could become the presumptive Republican nominee for president,” the donation request began. Too many Republicans tried to ignore him until it was too late, it said.

“It’d be easy for us Democrats to do the same thing now — Trump is so offensive, so vulgar, so self-evidently awful. You could look at him and think, ‘there’s no way he’ll ever get elected,’ and then just wish him away. But we can’t.”

Sanders held a rally before about 7,000 people in Phoenix on Tuesday night, a week ahead of Arizona’s primary.

He said his campaign had “defied all expectations” but made no mention of the three states that had already been called in Clinton’s favor.

“What excites me so much as I go around the country is to see the incredible energy of people who love this country but know we can do so much better,” Sanders said to loud screams.

In a statement several hours later, Sanders vowed to fight on, saying: “With more than half the delegates yet to be chosen and a calendar that favors us in the weeks and months to come, we remain confident that our campaign is on a path to win the nomination.”

Some of his die-hard supporters expressed hope that he could still pull out the nomination.

“I still think the revolution is coming,” said James Homan, 55, a sound engineer for rock musicians, who has homes in Illinois and Arizona.

Homan expressed frustration that, as he saw it, “the fix was in” for Clinton among Democratic Party leaders, but he said he could see paths for Sanders to prevail, including the possibility of more fallout from the FBI investigation into Clinton’s use of a private email server while she was secretary of state.

Democratic primary voters were split on the candidates’ key attributes, with Clinton seen as more electable and Sanders as more honest, according to preliminary exit polls reported by ABC News.

By roughly 2 to 1, voters across Ohio, North Carolina, Florida, Illinois and Missouri said Clinton had a better chance than Sanders of beating Trump in a general-election matchup. But roughly 8 in 10 said Sanders was honest and trustworthy, compared with about 6 in 10 who felt that way about Clinton. Sanders has dominated among honesty-focused voters all year, while Clinton has won by a wide margin those who care more about electability.

Sanders, an independent senator from Vermont, had scored an upset victory last week against Clinton in Michigan and saw Tuesday’s contests as a chance to pull off more come-from-behind wins in states where voters feel damaged by globalization.

Repeating his playbook from Michigan, Sanders hit Clinton hard on her past support for “disastrous” trade deals, starting with the North American Free Trade Agreement when her husband was in the White House.

After Clinton’s loss in Michigan called her economic message into question, her campaign moved to retool her stance on trade by strengthening her opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership and emphasizing support for manufacturing in her jobs plan. In Ohio, Clinton took specific aim at elements of the pending trade package seen as harmful to the auto and steel industries.

Just over half of Ohio Democratic primary voters said free trade takes away U.S. jobs, according to the early exit polls. In Michigan, Sanders won among voters with that view by double digits. The anti-trade cohort was slightly larger in Michigan (57 percent) than in most states voting Tuesday, with less than half of Democrats in Illinois, Missouri and North Carolina saying trade costs U.S. jobs.

“I lost my house when the stock market crashed,” said Williams, a member of the local cement finishers union. “I’m an angry voter, how ’bout that? I’m angry about the way the country is working for the blue-collar worker. Hillary gets a big, fat zero on that.”

In Missouri, Sanders aides were optimistic in part because much of the state closely resembles Kansas, where the senator easily defeated Clinton in the Democratic caucuses early this month. It’s worth noting, however, that Missouri was the smallest of the Democratic delegate prizes Tuesday.

Before the polls closed in Missouri, Clinton’s campaign announced that she had been endorsed by the mother of Michael Brown, the teenager whose 2014 shooting by police in Ferguson, Mo., brought more attention to officer-involved slayings of unarmed black men.

Multiple polls in the days leading up to Tuesday’s contests showed Sanders closing in on Clinton in the three states in the industrial Midwest.

In Chicago, where Clinton spent her childhood, Sanders sought to leverage support from voters disenchanted with the tenure of the city’s embattled Democratic mayor, Rahm Emanuel, a Clinton ally. Emanuel’s approval ratings have dropped to all-time lows amid controversies over a police shooting and school closings, and his popularity with African American voters has taken an especially big hit.

In the closing days of the race, Sanders blasted Emanuel’s decision to close schools in predominantly black and Latino neighborhoods, and Sanders ran television ads featuring some of the mayor’s critics.

And Tuesday, Sanders had breakfast with Cook County Commissioner Jesús “Chuy” García, who ran unsuccessfully for mayor against Emanuel in the Democratic primary last year.

Clinton’s lead in Florida was never in doubt, and she ended up capturing almost the same number of votes as the Republican winner, Trump — perhaps a preview of how competitive the state will be in November.

Florida posed several challenges for Sanders. It held a closed primary, meaning independent voters, who have propelled him to victory in other states, were not allowed to participate. The state’s voting population also includes a large number of older voters, who have sided with Clinton in previous contests.

Sanders’s aides have argued that the back half of the nominating calendar is more favorable to him, with several potential victories in the West and no contests remaining in the Deep South, which has been Clinton’s strongest region by far.

Sanders thinks he is well-positioned in all three states with contests next Tuesday: Arizona, Idaho and Utah. His decision to spend election night in Arizona signaled his intention to vigorously contest that state in the coming week.",1
1862,"This man wants to become president, pass one law, and resign","Lessig says that his sole mission as president would be to persuade Congress to pass the Citizen Equality Act, which would implement three reforms to the political system. First, it would guarantee the “equal right to vote” by enhancing the power of the federal government to control how states conduct elections, requiring states to provide for online or automated voter registration, and shifting Election Day to a national holiday.

Second, it would guarantee “equal representation” by banning gerrymandering of districts. Lessig also endorses an idea called “ranked-choice voting,” where voters rank the candidates rather than vote for just one. The candidate who receives the highest aggregate ranking wins. (You can find the somewhat complicated details here .)

Third, it would provide for “citizen-funded elections.” All voters would be given vouchers that they could use to contribute to political campaigns, and small contributions would be matched from public funds. Rules blocking government officials from becoming lobbyists would be strengthened.

Would these reforms give us “citizen equality”? Unfortunately, if money goes to the root of the problem, as Lessig says, these reforms would have little impact. In the best case, they would enhance the popular vote in elections by a little bit. They might enhance by a small amount cash contributions from low-income people. And Republican-dominated state legislatures would lose some of their power to create safe seats.

But in the economy of political influence that Lessig describes in his book, none of these things can make much difference. Most Americans are terribly uninformed about the political process and rely on very crude proxies (such as endorsements or partisan identification) to determine how to vote.

Many people fail to vote not because of barriers to voting but because they’d rather spend their time doing something else. Candidates who suited voters a bit better because of ranked-choice voting (assuming it works as advertised) and who received more small donations from low-income people would still need to rely on well-informed lobbyists with whom they had relationships and would still benefit from massive infusions of cash from big business. Lessig’s cure just doesn’t follow from his diagnosis.

The current disaffection with the government probably reflects the ideological polarization of the electorate, which is an input, not an output, of the political process. People disagree with one another more than in the past, so—whatever compromises the government reaches over policy—they are more likely to be unhappy with it. If people feel that they have no influence on political outcomes, that’s in part because we live in a huge and diverse country, and so even in an ideal system where your vote counts as much as anyone else’s, it’s just one of more than a hundred million. So there is a mismatch between Lessig’s means—a dramatic run for office as an unprecedented “referendum president” who resigns as soon as his mandate is legislated—and his goal, which is at best incremental reform. In the past, he has argued with a great deal more persuasiveness that the only way to reform the political system is through a constitutional convention, and it is easier to see the logic of this position than to understand his campaign goals. Constitutional amendments really could go to the root of the problem—by limiting campaign contributions (and thus overturning Citizens United, which held that the First Amendment banned certain limits on political expenditures), restructuring the Senate (which is a highly unrepresentative body that favors rural interests), limiting the power of the Supreme Court, and perhaps creating a parliamentary system or something like it, which would avoid the twin problems of gridlock and presidential abuse of power that have long been troubling features of our system of separation of powers.

But most calls for constitutional conventions come these days from conservatives, who want to impose a balanced budget on the federal government and who have no interest in adopting Lessig’s electoral reforms—nearly all of which would benefit the Democratic party in the short term. And the results of a constitutional convention—where moneyed interests as well as all kinds of interest groups would play a big role—are unpredictable. Well, not entirely unpredictable. Under the amendment process of the Constitution, state legislatures can play an important role in selecting delegates and ratifying amendments. And while there is a means to circumvent their formal participation, they would probably influence the outcome. This matters. Republicans have vastly more control over state legislatures than Democrats do—in part because of the gerrymandering Lessig wants to end—so we can be pretty certain about the ideological tilt of any amendments that might ultimately be ratified, if not their content. This is probably why Lessig has not adopted his earlier proposal of a constitutional convention to his presidential run. The rot goes too deep. But it also should raise doubts about whether the Citizen Equality Act can do any good. Even if Lessig can’t win, or can’t do much more than hand over the reins to his vice president if he does win, his candidacy would bring a rare level of intelligence and political sophistication to the election and much-needed attention to the problem of electoral reform. For that reason, you might donate a little money to his campaign. I did.",1
5033,Did Trump go too far?,"Washington (CNN) Donald Trump's criticism about the Muslim parents of a slain American soldier has generated -- once again -- a backlash within his own party.

Just 100 days from the election, Trump has responded in his standard fashion -- dig in, claim he's being treated unfairly and attack back.

But the swift condemnation of Trump's response raises questions about whether this controversy is different from the ones that came before it.

It certainly isn't going away - Khizr and Ghazala Khan appeared for a lengthy joint interview on CNN's ""New Day"" on Monday where Khizr accused Trump of ""ignorance and arrogance.""

Khan also said he's received an outpouring of support for speaking out against the GOP presidential candidate, including from many Republicans. And he warned that Trump's attacks on Muslims are boosting terror recruitment. Khan said it is good Muslims who are the ones who can help stop terror and make American safer.

""We are the solution to terrorism,"" Khan said on CNN Monday.

Trump tweeted during the interview that the issue was not the Khans, it was stopping the spread of radical Islamic terrorism.

The White House also weighed in with an implicit rebuke of Trump, saying that Gold Star families deserve only ""honor and gratitude"" for their loved ones' service.

Speaking aboard Air Force One, spokesman Eric Schultz wouldn't provide a specific response to Trump's comments about the Khan family. But he said honoring Gold Star families should rise ""above politics.""

""Families who make the ultimate sacrifice for this country's freedom and this country's safety deserve nothing but our country's honor and gratitude and deepest respect,"" Schultz said.

Also on Monday, Hillary Clinton's runningmate, Tim Kaine, said, ""Is it OK to speak in a disrespectful way about the military, about a Gold Star mom and dad for God's sake, about people with disabilities, or saying offensive things about women, or trash people who are Latinos or immigrants more generally?""

""We're either going to build a community that is a more perfect union, that is a community of respect or we're going to decide to do what has been done throughout American history but never to our advantage,"" Kaine said during a campaign stop in Richmond, Virginia.

This time, attacks from the Republican presidential nominee on the parents of a soldier who died defending America have put new pressure on GOP leaders to decide whether they will continue to stand by him. Already, the party's leaders in the House and the Senate have distanced themselves from Trump's remarks, and other Republican figures are attacking their nominee forcefully.

Sen. John McCain issue a very personal statement Monday blasting Trump's comments about the Khans and paying homage to their son Humayun's sacrifice. McCain noted that his son also served in the Iraq War and the McCains have been serving in the US military for hundreds of years.

""It is time for Donald Trump to set the example for our country and the future of the Republican Party,"" McCain said. ""While our Party has bestowed upon him the nomination, it is not accompanied by unfettered license to defame those who are the best among us.

""Lastly, I'd like to say to Mr. and Mrs. Khan: thank you for immigrating to America. We're a better country because of you. And you are certainly right; your son was the best of America, and the memory of his sacrifice will make us a better nation -- and he will never be forgotten.""

Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-South Carolina, said in a statement: ""This is going to a place where we've never gone before, to push back against the families of the fallen. There used to be some things that were sacred in American politics -- that you don't do -- like criticizing the parents of a fallen soldier even if they criticize you.""

""If you're going to be leader of the free world, you have to be able to accept criticism. Mr. Trump can't,"" Graham said. ""The problem is, 'unacceptable' doesn't even begin to describe it.""

The controversy is over Trump's response to the Khans, whose son was killed in Iraq by a suicide bomber in 2004. The Khans took the stage Thursday night at the Democratic National Convention, where Khizr Khan rejected Trump's proposal to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the United States as unconstitutional, pulling a copy of the Constitution from his breast pocket and saying that Trump has ""sacrificed nothing and no one."" Trump has since responded by criticizing Ghazala Khan's silence and suggesting she wasn't allowed to speak.

The incident recalls Trump's attack last year on McCain. Trump said at the time that McCain is not a war hero because he was captured and imprisoned in Vietnam. Many had speculated the criticism would spark Trump's decline in the GOP primary race -- it did not.

But there are two key differences: Trump was not yet the GOP nominee and McCain -- himself the 2008 GOP standard-bearer -- is a long-time public figure with experience parrying on the presidential level. The Khans are not.

""This is so incredibly disrespectful of a family that endured the ultimate sacrifice for our country,"" Jeb Bush, a Trump rival in the 2016 GOP primary, said on Twitter Sunday evening.

""There's only one way to talk about Gold Star parents: with honor and respect,"" tweeted Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who skipped the GOP convention in his state and has declined to endorse Trump. ""Capt. Khan is a hero. Together, we should pray for his family.""

Kasich's top strategist in his failed 2016 presidential campaign, John Weaver, tweeted a scathing attack on Trump's handling of the Khan controversy, saying: ""Trump's slur against Captain Khan's mother is, even for him, beyond the pale. He has NO redeeming qualities.""

And both Republican congressional leaders took issue with Trump, issuing statements Sunday that praised the Khan family and reaffirmed their opposition Trump's proposed Muslim travel ban.

""America's greatness is built on the principles of liberty and preserved by the men and women who wear the uniform to defend it,"" House Speaker Ryan, R-Wisconsin, said. ""As I have said on numerous occasions, a religious test for entering our country is not reflective of these fundamental values. I reject it. Many Muslim Americans have served valiantly in our military, and made the ultimate sacrifice. Captain Khan was one such brave example. His sacrifice -- and that of Khizr and Ghazala Khan -- should always be honored. Period.""

""Captain Khan was an American hero, and like all Americans I'm grateful for the sacrifices that selfless young men like Captain Khan and their families have made in the war on terror,"" McConnell said in a statement Sunday.

""All Americans should value the patriotic service of the patriots who volunteer to selflessly defend us in the armed services,"" McConnell said. ""And as I have long made clear, I agree with the (Khans) and families across the country that a travel ban on all members of a religion is simply contrary to American values.""

But both men noticeably did not mention Trump by name in their brief statements, that came hours after Khizr Khan called on them to repudiate Trump.

He told CNN's Jim Acosta those GOP leaders have a ""moral, ethical obligation to not worry about the votes but repudiate him; withdraw the support. If they do not, I will continue to speak.""

Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton also criticized Trump on Sunday, speaking to reporters alongside Kaine, a Virginia senator.

Asked if Trump's attack on the Khan family is a pivotal moment in the election, Clinton said: ""Well, he called Mexicans rapists and criminals. He said a federal judge was unqualified because of his Mexican heritage. He has called women pigs. He has mocked a reporter with a disability.""

""That's right,"" Clinton said. ""And any one of those things is so offensive and then to launch an attack as he did on Capt. Khan's mother, a Gold Star mother, who stood there on that stage with her husband honoring the sacrifice of their son and who has in the days since spoken out about the overwhelming emotion that any mother would feel as her son was being honored and then to have Trump do what he did, I don't know where the bounds are. I don't know where the bottom is.""

Like the dust-up over Trump's criticism of Indiana-born federal judge Gonzalo Curiel's Mexican heritage, Trump's reaction has been tinged with the stereotyping of Khan's Muslim family.

""I'd like to hear his wife say something,"" Trump told Dowd.

Then, he told Stephanopoulos: ""If you look at his wife, she was standing there. She had nothing to say. She probably -- maybe she wasn't allowed to have anything to say. You tell me. But plenty of people have written that. She was extremely quiet. And it looked like she had nothing to say. A lot of people have said that.""

""Donald Trump has children whom he loves. Does he really need to wonder why I did not speak?"" she wrote.

Responding to the backlash, Trump issued a statement Saturday praising Capt. Khan as a ""hero"" and saying the real problem is ""radical Islamic terrorists who killed him.""

But in that statement, he again criticized the soldier's father.

""While I feel deeply for the loss of his son, Mr. Khan who has never met me, has no right to stand in front of millions of people and claim I have never read the Constitution, (which is false) and say many other inaccurate things,"" Trump said in the statement.

And Sunday morning, he again weighed in over Twitter.

""Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our ""leaders"" to eradicate it!"" Trump wrote in the first of two tweets.

He followed up later by attempting to shift the focus from Khizr Khan's criticism of his proposed Muslim ban to the Iraq war in which Khan's son was killed.

""I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!"" Trump tweeted.

As Trump pushed back, first asking whether Ghazala Khan's silence on stage was related to her faith, Khizr Khan again attacked Trump Sunday on CNN's ""State of the Union.""

""He is a black soul, and this is totally unfit for the leadership of this country,"" Khan said. ""The love and affection that we have received affirms that our grief -- that our experience in this country has been correct and positive. The world is receiving us like we have never seen. They have seen the blackness of his character, of his soul.""

On Sunday night Trump's running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, issued a statement offering praise for Humayan Khan as ""an American hero."" Pence also touted the Trump campaign's immigration plan, which would prevent newcomers from entering the US if they hail from countries ""that have been compromised by terrorism.""

""Captain Khan gave his life to defend our country in the global war on terror. Due to the disastrous decisions of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, a once stable Middle East has now been overrun by ISIS. This must not stand,"" Pence said.

""By suspending immigration from countries that have been compromised by terrorism, rebuilding our military, defeating ISIS at its source and projecting strength on the global stage, we will reduce the likelihood that other American families will face the enduring heartbreak of the Khan family.""

Trump's advisers attempted to move past the controversy, downplaying the direct conflict between Trump and the Khan family.

""What he's saying is that Mr. Trump has a right to defend himself, to make clear what he's saying is this is about Islamic terrorism, for him to be criticized like that he didn't think was fair,"" Trump aide Jason Miller told CNN's Brian Stelter on ""Reliable Sources"" Sunday.",1
1841,Behind the Biden hype,"On this day in 1973, J. Fred Buzhardt, a lawyer defending President Richard Nixon in the Watergate case, revealed that a key White House tape had an 18...",1
1136,Primary election: What to watch on Super Tuesday 2,"(CNN) The two presidential front-runners are both eyeing Super Tuesday 2 as a chance to build on their momentum and pad their leads as they look to put the races away by the end of the month.

And Donald Trump will try to run the table, with four Republican contests on tap. He leads in Michigan, and has done well in Southern states like Mississippi. Idaho and Hawaii vote Tuesday as well, a chance to pick up more delegates.

Here's what to watch in the day's elections:

Time is running out for Trump's opponents to turn things around before the winner-takes-all states start to vote and the GOP front-runner racks up enough delegates to lock the nomination up before the convention.

Trump leads the polls in Michigan, the crown jewel of Tuesday's contests.

Mississippi, meanwhile, will test whether Cruz's surge in Louisiana -- he closed a massive polling gap and finished within four points on Saturday -- expands to other Southern states, or Trump can finish running the table in the Deep South. Idaho could be better ground for Cruz, who has spent more time in the state than other candidates.

All three states, though, pose problems for Rubio.

Mississippi and Michigan each require candidates to reach 15% to accumulate delegates. Idaho requires candidates to top 20%. The stronger Trump and Cruz run, the tougher it becomes for Rubio to make any gains at all.

What about the late deciders?

Rubio has a history of doing well with ""late deciders"" -- voters who make up their minds in the last week. He picked up 39% of those voters in Virginia, for example, according to exit polls.

But those voters, polls have shown, typically make up less than one-third of a state's electorate.

In Michigan, a Monmouth University poll showed 23% of voters were undecided or only had a slight preference in the days leading up to the primary.

And supporters of Trump, polls have shown, tend to be more locked-in on their candidate than supporters of Rubio.

What Tuesday's contests could demonstrate is whether there's enough late movement to help Trump's rivals -- particularly since the week leading up to the debate featured the most explosive Republican debate yet.

For Clinton, Michigan will put that claim to the test.

She's increasingly eager to turn her attention to the general election -- and to do that, Clinton needs to turn the tide with white voters, and particularly run up her advantage among women. She has performed better in those demographics since Sanders won in New Hampshire just over a month ago, and Michigan is a good bellwether for Clinton. It's a heavily-populated, diverse state that Democrats absolutely have to have in order to win the general election in November.

""Given the terrible pressures that the auto industry was under and that the middle class of this state and Ohio and Indiana and Illinois and Wisconsin and Missouri and other places in the Midwest were facing, I think it was the right decision to heed what President-elect Obama asked us to do,"" she added. ""You were either for saving the auto industry or against it. I voted to save the auto industry and I'm very glad that I did.""

A victory in Michigan could set Clinton up for a huge March 15 -- when Florida, Ohio, Illinois, North Carolina and Missouri vote. If Sanders can't win Michigan, he might not be able to win any of those states. A Clinton loss, though, means Missouri, Ohio and potentially Illinois could be in play.

So imagine this scenario: Kasich beats Rubio in Michigan. Then, on March 15, Kasich wins his 66-delegate, winner-take-all home state of Ohio, and Rubio loses his 99-delegate, winner-take-all home state of Florida.

Suddenly, Kasich would become the leading moderate, establishment-type Republican in the race -- and Rubio would lack a path forward.

There are a lot of ""ifs"" for that to happen. But for Kasich to stand any chance of turning what's been a smaller-scale campaign that's been much choosier about where he tries to compete into one with a real shot at quickly racking up delegates, Michigan is where it has to start.

Winning Ohio could help Kasich play a small role in denying Trump the delegates he needs to win the GOP nomination outright.

But to have a shot at the nomination himself, Kasich has to win the Midwest -- states like Michigan, Illinois, Indiana and Wisconsin, which have similarly-styled Republican governors and are often general election battlegrounds.",1
3129,Kim Davis's right to religious liberty has been grossly violated,"Today, September 8, I am holding a prayer vigil and rally for liberty in Grayson, Kentucky. I will call on Judge David Bunning to release Kim Davis on the grounds that her right to religious liberty has been grossly violated under the Constitution of these United States of America.

When I warned that the Supreme Court’s decision on marriage would lead to the criminalization of Christianity in America I was dismissed by many as an alarmist and my comments were mocked by the chattering class. Now, just two months after the court's lawless ruling, an elected county clerk has been put in jail by an unelected judge for refusing to issue a “marriage"" license to a same-sex couple, removing all doubts about criminalization of Christianity in this country.

When the people of Kentucky elected Democrat Kim Davis as county clerk, the state’s constitution affirmed that marriage is between one man and one woman. The amendment passed with 75 percent of the people’s vote.

Today, I ask on behalf of Kim: “Under what law is she authorized to issue homosexual couples a marriage license?” Can you site the specific right in the Constitution?  Is there a statute, passed by Congress that actually says that the five unelected lawyers in the majority of the court’s opinion were right to throw out the very definition of marriage and make up one on their own?

In the Obergefell decision, the Supreme Court ruled same-sex couples have the right to get married. Whether you personally agree with that or not doesn't matter in Kim’s case. What does matter, is that the Supreme Court cannot and did not make a law. It only made a ruling on a law.

Kim's stand for religious liberty is a pivotal moment in our nation's history. Will we continue to pretend as though the Supreme Court is the ""Supreme Branch"" with the authority and ability to make laws? It most certainly is not. The Supreme Court is one of three co-equal branches of government under our Constitution. It is no more the ""Supreme Branch"" than it is the ""Supreme Being"" with the authority to redefine the laws of nature or of nature's God!

What we know for sure is that The Judicial Branch is constitutionally prohibited from writing laws, there are religious liberty protections in the Kentucky constitution and Kentucky statute and the plaintiffs in the case did not seek Kim’s incarceration.  Despite these facts, Kim Davis was thrown in jail for contempt, which means she was given no possibility of bail.

That seems even more ludicrous when you consider many of the America's most evil and notorious serial killers, murderers, rapists, mafia bosses and presidential assassins were actually let out on bail:

All of these dangerous criminals were given bail.  A Democrat county clerk in Kentucky who is a Christian was not.

No one went to jail when San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom ordered city clerks to issue same-sex marriage licenses in direct disobedience to California law. More recently, No one went to jail when San Francisco was set up as a sanctuary city – sheltering dangerous illegal immigrant felons in defiance of federal law. Not only did Newsom NOT go to jail, he’s now the lieutenant governor of the state!

I am appalled at our government’s willingness to accommodate the religious beliefs of all religions,   Christianity.

When I traveled to Guantanamo Bay, I was amazed by how well we treated foreign Muslim terrorist detainees. The U.S. government provides prayer mats and special meals that conform to Islamic restrictions, but we can’t accommodate the religious beliefs of a popularly elected Christian county clerk in Kentucky? We have lost our moral compass as a country when our government accommodates militant Muslims but not conservative Christians.

As a governor for ten and a half years, I followed the Constitution of my state and of the United States. The rule of law is a foundation of our democracy.

But the reason why our laws are respected by the American people is because our Constitution guarantees reasonable safeguards to protect the rights of dissenters.

I refuse to sit silently as our Constitution is torched and the courts violate our fundamental rights. We did not fight a revolution against the tyranny of one unelected monarch so we could surrender our freedoms and abandon our Constitution to the tyranny of five unaccountable, unelected lawyers.

This shredding of the most fundamental civil rights of our citizens cannot stand. I will fight for, and protect, the religious liberty of every American. This will go down as a seminal moment in American history if we do not free Kim Davis now and make sure this never happens again.

Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee was a 2016 Republican candidate for president of the United States.

",1
1336,"As Rubio stumbles, race for second place tightens in New Hampshire (+video)","Marco Rubio's uneven debate performance Saturday has emboldened a trio of governors seeking to stem his rise in the Republican race for president.

Will Trump's plan to register Muslims make it to The White House?

Tesla under Trump: How will electric cars fare under the next president?

Republican presidential candidate, Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., answers a question as Republican presidential candidate, businessman Donald Trump listens during a Republican presidential primary debate hosted by ABC News at the St. Anselm College Saturday, Feb. 6, 2016, in Manchester, N.H.

Marco Rubio's uneven debate performance just days before Tuesday's New Hampshire primary has emboldened a trio of governors seeking to stem his rise in the Republican race for president. But if Rubio's rivals can slow him in New Hampshire, they are likely to leave the GOP with a muddled mix of establishment contenders and no clear favorite to challenge Donald Trump and Ted Cruz.

At the heart of the battle between Rubio and Chris Christie, John Kasich and Jeb Bush is whether the freshman Florida senator has the experience and policy depth to serve as president — or whether he's simply a well-spoken lightweight. Christie unleashed withering attacks against Rubio in Saturday's debate, and the New Jersey governor tripped up Rubio by calling him out in real-time for his reliance on rehearsed talking points.

The morning after, Christie declared the Republican contest a changed race.

""There was a march amongst some in the chattering class to anoint Sen. Rubio,"" Christie said on CNN's State of the Union. ""I think after last night, that's over.""

Christie and his fellow governors need that to be the case, given that they've staked their White House hopes on New Hampshire. Without a strong showing, each will face enormous pressure to drop out from Republican Party leaders eager to rally around a single candidate who can challenge Cruz and Trump, the top-two finishers in the lead-off Iowa caucuses.

Trump has held a commanding lead in New Hampshire preference polls for months. Cruz is in the mix with Rubio and the governors, though his campaign is more focused on the Southern states that follow later in the primary calendar.

The prospect of Trump or Cruz winning the GOP nomination has set many Republican leaders on edge, and that anxiousness is only likely to increase should New Hampshire voters leave Rubio and the governors clustered together in the primary results, failing to anoint one as their preferred challenger to the front-runners.

A  Monmouth University survey released Sunday, still shows Trump with a commanding double-digit lead over his Republican rivals, with 30 percent of likely Republican primary voters saying they would vote for him. But there's a cluster of candidates statistically tied for second place: Kasich has 14 percent of would be voters, Rubio came in with 13 percent, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush also had 13 percent, and Cruz had 12 percent support.

While most candidates remained unchanged in their polling numbers from last month's Monmouth survey, Bush jumped nine points since January. The Monmouth survey indicated that just 9 percent of N.H. Republican voters are undecided.

The poll was taken before Saturday's debate, but no other Republican candidates had double digit support.

Rubio emerged from Iowa looking as though he was that candidate, with a third-place finish in Iowa that was stronger than expected. Rival campaigns conceded privately in the days leading up to the debate that he was pulling away from the governors.

But the Florida senator stumbled in Saturday's debate when challenged about his qualifications, repeatedly falling back on a retort meant to distinguish himself from President Barack Obama, who also won the White House as a first-term senator.

For Barbara O'Brien, an undecided voter who had been considering voting for Rubio, it was enough to convince her he wasn't the right choice.

""He kept saying the same thing over and over again,"" said O'Brien, a 67-year-old from Manchester who is one of New Hampshire's many registered independents. ""He didn't look presidential""

GOP voter Judy McKenna, 66, had been leaning toward Rubio, but said she was ""disappointed"" in his debate performance.

""The governors all made great points about experience, especially Christie, and Rubio did not have any answer to counter that argument,"" McKenna said.

Rubio acknowledged the criticism during a rally in Londonderry on Sunday morning. He then proceeded to repeat the same line that put him in Christie's crosshairs.

""I'm going to say it again,"" he told the audience of more than 800 gathered in a school cafeteria. ""The reason why these things are troubling is because Barack Obama is the first president, at least in my lifetime, that wants to change the country. Change the country, not fix it.""

Rubio senior adviser Todd Harris said the candidate's repetition underscores his laser focus on upending the Obama administration's agenda.

""We're going to continue to attack Barack Obama's record over and over and over again,"" Harris said. ""I don't think there is any Republican primary voter who was watching that debate who was saying I wish he would lay off of Barack Obama.""

Seeking to counter the notion of a misstep, Rubio's campaign said it raised $600,000 during the debate, three times more than it has brought in during previous debates. The fundraising numbers were unverifiable.

The senator's crowds remained large and enthusiastic on Sunday, and some of the many undecided voters who attended his events said they were more bothered by Christie's aggressive demeanor.

""It was tiresome. I've heard it before,"" said Katherine Bringhurst, a 66-year-old retired office manager. She's undecided heading into Tuesday's election, but leaning toward Rubio.

Maria Tourlitis, an independent from Hudson, decided to vote for Rubio after hearing him speak in her hometown on Saturday. As she greeted the senator after the event, she leaned in and said: ""At the next debate, please stand up to Christie.""

If Christie's aggressive attacks on Rubio result in his own standing tumbling, it could benefit Bush, the former governor of Florida, and Kasich, the current governor of Ohio. Both stepped back in the debate to allow Christie to take the lead in targeting Rubio, though they were happy to relish in the afterglow.

""He's a great speaker,"" Bush said of Rubio, his one-time political protégé, on Fox News Sunday. ""But he came across as totally scripted and kind of robotic.""

Kasich has prided himself on avoiding direct criticism of his rivals during the campaign, and kept up that strategy both in the debate and as he campaigned Sunday.

""Wouldn't it be great if we could win being positive?"" Kasich said on Fox News.

Associated Press writer Sergio Bustos contributed to this report from Salem, New Hampshire.",1
5166,Evangelicals Sing a New Tune on Trump: 'Meeting May Be a Tipping Point',"NEW YORK -- Donald Trump seemed to help his case after meeting with hundreds of evangelical leaders in Times Square on Tuesday.  He's going to need that crucial voting bloc to have a real shot at winning the presidency.

From mega-church pastors to longtime stalwarts, they heard Trump speak out about defending religious liberty, including his desire to get rid of IRS restrictions that muzzle political talk from the pulpit. Trump said a repeal may be ""my biggest contribution to Christianity.""

  

 In that room, among the 900 or so evangelical leaders, there were quite a few who were not for Trump going into the meeting. After the meeting some minds seemed to change.

  

 ""The ball has moved forward a little bit. And I appreciate Mr. Trump's willingness to reach out to the evangelical community,"" said Matt Barber, founder and editor-in chief of BarbWire.com.

  

 ""After hearing him today, I will prayerfully consider it as a possibility, in light of the alternative,"" reflected Barber.

  

 That alternative is Hillary Clinton. Trump made clear his Supreme Court picks would make them proud, unlike what Clinton might bring to the table.

Trump also talked about how evangelicals need to band together because their rights and values are under attack.

What pleased some attendees was that Trump didn't appear to make any major mistakes or give reason for pause.

  

 ""I can't remember any time during the several hours this morning that his answer disappointed or that there was chagrin about it,"" recalled Gary Bauer, president of American Values.

  

 Trump's senior adviser, Sarah Huckabee, also attended the event.

  

 ""He did something that most Republican nominees in the past have refused to do and that's walk into this room and be willing to sit down, take their questions and really interact with them in a very big way,"" Huckabee told CBN News.

  

 With some evangelicals still wary, the brash outsider will need more outreach, but for now at least, it seems to be working.

  

 ""As it pertains to the evangelical vote and the candidacy of Donald J. Trump, today's meeting may very well be a tipping point,"" predicted Rev. Samuel Rodriguez, president of the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference.  

  

 A pro-family leader, Rodriguez says he knew plenty of pastors who were skeptical before the meeting, but inside, something changed, he said.

  

 ""After hearing his commitment, his very well-defined, articulated commitment to religious liberty and life, the Supreme Court especially, I think you saw a number of the same pastors walk out going, 'that's what I needed to hear,"" Rodriguez said.

  

 And that's something the Trump campaign needed to hear after a rough few weeks of headlines.

It will be important for them to build on any progress here by getting evangelicals to move beyond words and work actively for Trump among their flocks.",1
4290,"This is how Ted Cruz wins: Why the formerly unthinkable could really, actually happen","When Ted Cruz came to the Senate in 2013, after winning a squeaker of a Senate race the previous November, he didn’t waste any time in bringing himself to national attention. It wasn’t his style to use his freshman term to keep his head down and learn the ropes.  Just seven weeks after being sworn in, Cruz made a name for himself by accusing fellow Republican Chuck Hagel of taking money from communist North Korea during his confirmation hearings for Secretary of Defense. This accusation startled virtually everyone and earned Cruz a rebuke from committee chairman John McCain. Senator Barbara Boxer drew an apt analogy when she said she was reminded of “a different time and place, when you said, ‘I have here in my pocket a speech you made on such-and-such a date,’ and of course there was nothing in the pocket.” She was alluding, of course to the notorious Senator Joseph McCarthy.

As Jane Mayer reported in the New Yorker at the time, this was not hyperbole. She had personally heard Cruz claim that the Harvard School of Law had harbored a dozen communists on the faculty when he was a student there:

Within seven weeks of becoming Senator, Cruz was a national figure who was being compared to one of the most reviled figures in American politics. He was often compared to McCarthy from that point forward, even including the likes of conservative David Brooks, who found him to be quite a distasteful character:

The more establishment figures like McCain and Brooks loathed him, the more the right wing of the party loved him. He became a backroom advisor to the “Freedom Caucus” in the House and he led the charge to shut down the government in 2013. Many on the right attribute their victory in 2014 to his strategic leadership.

When he threw his hat in the ring for president, the conventional wisdom was that he was a fringe player along the lines of Michele Bachmann in 2012 and was assumed to be so unpopular within the party that he couldn’t possibly raise any money. And even if he could  overcome those obstacles he had such a repellant personality that nobody in their right mind would vote for him for president. He was, after all, the reincarnation of Joseph McCarthy, a man whose name is synonymous with political paranoia.

That doesn’t seem to be happening. In fact, Cruz has shown himself to be a disciplined campaigner and a strategic thinker, managing the rough and tumble of this weird GOP primary campaign better than any of his rivals. He’s fended off attacks with aplomb and doesn’t seem to have been hurt by them. And as Dave Weigel reported yesterday in the Washington Post, he has not trimmed his ideological sails in the least:

One questioner asked about the alleged influence of the Trilateral Commission and David Rockefeller, two bugbears of conspiracy theorists. “It’s a very good question,” said Cruz, pivoting to discuss the Medellin national sovereignty case, which is featured in some of his TV ads here. Another questioner asked whether the Federal Reserve was constitutional, prompting a short monologue by Cruz about why America should return to the gold standard. And another questioner asked about the potential threat of Muslim courts issuing their own sharia-based rulings within the United States. “Under no circumstances should sharia law be enforced anywhere in this country,” Cruz said. “We should do whatever it takes to prevent that.”

It doesn’t get any more hardcore than that.

But Cruz has done something else that hasn’t been noticed by most of the press corps. He’s lost that Joe McCarthy countenance, and many of his harsh edges have softened. He’s given one on one interviews in which he told personal stories that humanized him. He’s lightheartedly sparred with Trump and others on social media batting back criticisms with clever bon mots instead of engaging in combat. The Christmas ad that caused such a ruckus when a Washington Post cartoonist portrayed his daughters as monkeys only served to introduce the two darling moppets to many more people than would otherwise have seen them. And rather than get down and dirty with Trump, as the man is obviously baiting him to do, he has maintained a rather stately mein, insisting that he is in the race to speak about serious issues. The contrast with Donald Trump’s crude brashness has had the effect of making the awkward Cruz seem almost moderate in affect if not ideology.

Meanwhile, polls continue to show a race with Trump at the top, then Cruz coming on strong in second and a cluster of so-called establishment candidates — one of whom everyone still expects to emerge as the “candidate to beat.” And perhaps that will happen as they predicted all along. After all, nobody has voted yet. But that is a unique way to analyze a race in January of an election year. If anyone but Cruz and Trump were in the number one and two position it would be assumed that they were the legitimate leaders and the race would be framed as a race between the two of them with some outside chance of a dark horse making a late move. But because they are both, in different ways, extremists, it’s assumed they both represent a minority faction and the “mainstream” Republicans will emerge as the majority. But there’s every reason to believe that in 2016 these two may actually represent most GOP voters while the Washington establishment types are the fringe. If that’s the case, the establishment is going to have a big decision to make. Do they back the hated Cruz to stop the loathsome Trump? Or do they back the detestable Trump to stop the odious Cruz? What a choice. Early indications are that some DC insiders are still living in hope that one of the establishment types will break through but, still also harbor so much animosity toward Cruz that they’ll take the risk of Trump rather than accept him as their leader. But they are in the minority. Jeb Bush, for instance, refused to say that he would vote for Trump if he were to get the nomination. More interestingly, it looks as though some of the mainstream conservative pundits are starting to make peace with the idea that Cruz may end up as the establishment candidate by default. Rich Lowry made this case in Politico by calling into question the conventional wisdom that Cruz is another Goldwater extremist who will necessarily go down in a massive general election defeat. And instead of finding parallels to his aggressive ambition in the repellant Joseph McCarthy, he compares him instead to another awkward, unlikeable politician who nonetheless got millions of people to vote for him for president in one very close loss, one very close win and one huge landslide: Richard Nixon. Obviously and most importantly, Cruz is not a paranoiac. He is more ideological than Nixon. And he has none of Nixon’s insecurity, in fact the opposite. Nixon went to tiny Whittier College and resented the Northeastern elite; Cruz went to Princeton and Harvard and could be a member of the Northeastern elite in good standing if he wanted to be. But Cruz is cut from roughly similar cloth. He wears his ambition on his sleeve and is not highly charismatic or relatable. In high school, he could have been voted most likely to be seen walking on the beach in his dress shoes. If Cruz wins the nomination, it will be on the strength of intelligence and willpower. He will have outworked, outsmarted and outmaneuvered everyone else. He has a point. Say what you will about Nixon — and there’s plenty to say — he was a very smart politician. In particular, he overcame the political disability of having an extremely unpleasant personality to win the White House twice. I’ve written about Cruz’s savvy strategy to appeal to the movement conservatives, the Carson evangelicals and the Paul libertarians here at Salon. And everyone knows he’s killing Trump with kindness in the hopes of attracting his angry xenophobes and nationalists over to his campaign if Trump falters or they end up being the last two men standing. He’s got important billionaires in his pocket. And now it appears that some of the Republican establishment is taking notice of his sharp political acumen and work ethic and are offering him the respect of recognizing that he’s very good at what he does. That’s the GOP coalition, right there. None of that means that Senator Ted Cruz is not a far right extremist. He is. But he is not just a canny politician, he’s also a lucky one. After all, without a maniac like Donald Trump being in the race it’s very unlikely he’d be in the position he is today no matter how hard he worked or how well he organized. And a smart and lucky extremist is a very dangerous one.",1
4336,Macy's is the latest to cut ties with Donald Trump,"WASHINGTON — Macy's said Wednesday that the Trump menswear collection — and the man behind the brand — are no longer a good fit for its stores.

In a statement, the retailer denounced recent derogatory comments about Mexican immigrants made by real estate mogul and GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump, saying that they have ""no tolerance for discrimination in any form.

""We welcome all customers, and respect for the dignity of all people is a cornerstone of our culture,"" the Cincinnati-based company said in a statement. ""We are disappointed and distressed by recent remarks about immigrants from Mexico. ... In light of statements made by Donald Trump, we have decided to discontinue our business relationship.""

Trump's menswear collection, which includes ties, shirts, suits and accessories, has been sold at Macy's since 2004.

Macy's is the latest company to distance itself from Trump, who's hoping to win the Republican presidential nomination. NBC and Univision have already cut ties following the comments he made during his presidential announcement speech on June 16, in which he said people coming into the United States from Mexico ""are bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.""

Following Macy's announcement, Trump fired back at both the retailer and NBC in a statement released on his Instagram account, stating that he was the one who decided to cut ties with Macy's, and on Twitter.

""Clearly, NBC and Macy's support illegal immigration, which is totally detrimental to the fabric of our one great country,"" Trump's statement said. ""Both Macy's and NBC totally caved at the first sight of potential difficulty with professional agitators, who are not looking out for the people they purport to represent, but only for themselves.""

Later, Trump tweeted a reminder that Macy's last year paid a $650,000 New York state fine to settle complaints (including from a Treme cast member) that store staffers racially profiled shoppers accused of stealing.

Trump overlooked the possibility the embarrassing fine might give Macy's a stronger reason not to be associated with Trump's rhetoric about Mexicans.

And in other Trump trouble, his hotel organization confirmed to USA TODAY Wednesday that it is in the midst of an investigation concerning ""potential suspicious credit card activity.""

Trump's statement on the end of his relationship with Macy's echoes his claims that he chose to quit from NBC before they had even fired him, according to The Wrap.

""They wanted me to do The Apprentice,"" said Trump. ""And now with my statements on immigration, which happen to be correct, they are going to take a different stance and that's OK.""

""As far as ending the relationship, I have to do that because my view on immigration is much different than people at NBC.""

NBC announced on Monday that it would no longer air Trump's Miss USA and Miss Universe pageants and would remove him as host of the reality show The Apprentice.

""Due to the recent derogatory statements by Donald Trump regarding immigrants, NBCUniversal is ending its business relationship with Mr. Trump,"" the statement said.

The move came after Univision announced last week that it would no longer air Spanish-language versions of his pageants, and Mexico separately announced it would no longer send a contestant to the Miss Universe contest.

And on Tuesday, Miss USA co-host Cheryl Burke announced she was ending her relationship with Trump.

""I cannot in good conscience move forward with participating in this year's Miss USA Pageant as its co-host,"" Burke told USA TODAY.

On Wednesday, more signs of damage to Trump's myriad business interests appeared as musicians lined up to dump Trump.

Singer Ricky Martin added to his criticism last week of Trump's remarks by hitting the Donald where it really hurts: In his golf-course empire.

Martin has cancelled plans to host his annual Ricky Martin Foundation charity golf tournament (supporting efforts to end child trafficking) at the Trump International Golf Club Rio Grande in Puerto Rico, in an act of ""solidarity for basic human rights and in support of the Latin-American community,"" according to a statement issued from his Puerto Rico office . Instead, the tournament will take place at the nearby Wyndham Grand Rio Mar Beach Resort on August 21.

Meanwhile, reps for Flo Rida said the rapper will no longer perform at the Miss USA pageant in Baton Rouge later this month. He was followed out the pageant's door by Country singer Craig Wayne Boyd (winner of The Voice last year) and pop singer Natalie La Rose, who also pulled out. No other performers for Miss USA had been announced.

Shakira, too, condemned Trump via Twitter. ""This is a hateful and racist speech that attempts to divide a country that for years has promoted diversity and democracy!"" she wrote, linking to a video of Trump's presidential announcement speech. ""No one living in this century should stand behind so much ignorance.""

Adding on to Trump's woes, Ora TV, a television company backed by Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim, said it was cancelling a project in development with Trump.

And this could only be the beginning, according to Larry Chiagouris, a marketing professor at Pace University's Lubin School of Business.

""We are witnessing a jumping on the bandwagon by others who do not want to appear out of step with the trend to put distance between themselves and Donald Trump,"" Chiagouris says.",1
5108,The Awkward Arranged Marriage of Trump and Pence,"After a two-day botched rollout of his grand vice-presidential reveal, Donald Trump barely shared a stage with Mike Pence on Saturday morning.

On Saturday morning, in the Hilton hotel in midtown Manhattan, The Rolling Stones’ “You Can’t Always Get What You Want” reverberated in the hall, symbolically announcing the new union of Donald Trump and his veep pick, Indiana Governor Mike Pence.



After a whirlwind 48 hours in which the news of Pence’s pick leaked, and Trump reportedly waffled on the choice so much that he was making midnight calls on Thursday night to try to find an escape hatch, the two men—opposites in most qualitative respects—briefly shared the limelight behind a podium emblazoned only with Trump’s name.

As the Indiana governor looked on from the side of the stage, the presumptive Republican nominee devoted much of his address to bashing “Crooked Hillary” Clinton and weighing in on recent global conflicts, including the attempted military coup in Turkey on Friday.

""Great people, amazing people,” Trump said of the Turks, switching back and forth from prepared remarks to his usual riffing. “We wish them well. A lot of anguish last night but hopefully it'll all work out.”

A day after the Trump campaign scrapped the initial scheduled rollout for his vice presidential pick—which was ultimately unceremoniously announced on Twitter—they quickly pulled together an event at the same location where Ronald Reagan announced his 1980 presidential bid, with all the pomp and circumstance of a man meeting a mail-order spouse.

“Indiana Governor Mike Pence was my first choice,” Trump said despite the fact that he reportedly struggled to choose between an establishment-pleasing pick (pushed by campaign chairman Paul Manafort) and two men with whom he’s had better rapport: Newt Gingrich and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie.

Much of Saturday’s speech, a rollout that was accompanied by a website redesign to include Pence’s face and a new logo—replacing a suggestive image that was mocked on social media on Friday—sounded like any other Trump address.

“Hillary Clinton is the embodiment of corruption,” Trump said before suggesting that “she got away with murder” for not being charged after an investigation into her use of a private email server. He dropped typically braggadocious lines like “I was the one that predicted it,” in reference to Brexit, before seemingly remembering that Pence was supposed to be the man of the hour.

“Back to Mike Pence,” he’d interject before beginning to discuss his success in the Republican primary again (“I dominated with evangelicals”). Trump conceded that one of the reasons Pence was selected was for “party unity” before adding “he looks really good.”

When he finally called Pence to the stage, the two men shared a brief handshake before Trump waltzed off and gave the governor the floor—choosing not to stand beside him for a visual representation of the Republican ticket.

“I’m a Christian, a conservative and a Republican in that order,” Pence said to applause in the room. The Indiana governor’s address and policy positions—which include much more conservative opinions on LGBT rights and abortion—were intended to assuage on-the-fence Republicans who can’t fathom a former reality television star being the standard-bearer of their party.

He told the crowd that Trump had called him with the decision on Wednesday night, which runs counter to the narrative Trump himself presented to the media in various interviews on Thursday, during which time he proclaimed he hadn’t made his “final, final decision.”

The tenuous relationship of the two men has developed over the past two months since Pence made a less-than-enthusiastic endorsement of Senator Ted Cruz ahead of the Indiana primary (today, Trump said that endorsement was essentially one for him).

Their policy differences have played out on Trump’s favorite form of social media, with the Indiana governor tweeting his support of the Trans Pacific Partnership in 2014, something that the real estate mogul is adamantly against.

In December 2015, Pence tweeted: “Calls to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. are offensive and unconstitutional,” in response to an initial proposal from Trump that the United States place a temporary ban on Muslims coming to the country after the attack in San Bernardino.

But on Friday during his first interview as Trump’s vice presidential pick, Pence told Sean Hannity that he is “very supportive of Donald Trump's call to temporarily suspend immigration from countries where terrorist influence and impact represents a threat to the United States,"" a more recent iteration of the proposed ban.

Before the two men appear together once again at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland next week, the governor is returning to Zionsville, Indiana on Saturday for what is billed as a “Welcome Home Rally” according to the Trump campaign.",1
1795,What advantages does Marco Rubio have?,"Every GOP presidential candidate, most especially those in a crowded field with lots of solid contenders, needs to answer a single question: Why me and not one of the 20 or so other hopefuls who are running? This is the second in our series looking at the unique qualifications and arguments for the 2016 GOP presidential hopefuls. Last week we looked at Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker. Today we turn to Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.).

Like President Obama was, Rubio is a first-term senator with great rhetorical skills. That however is where the comparison ends. The argument for his candidacy can be boiled down to 10 points.

1. Unlike Obama, Rubio has a specific message that is more than “hope and change.” He is a more adept salesman for the reform agenda than, say, Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) (“Ryan and Rubio are like-minded legislators who approach problems from a similar ideological perspective. The difference, they say, is that Rubio possesses the political skill to accomplish what Ryan has not: taking conservative reforms outside the halls of Congress and selling them to a national electorate.”)

2. He is unmistakably the face of a new generation of Republicans, perfectly designed to take on the Social Security-eligible Hillary Clinton.

3. Rubio is better able than any other contender to attack Clinton where she is weakest, namely on her foreign-policy record. He understands how and where she and the president failed and can articulate a hard-nosed alternative vision of U.S. leadership. Unlike other freshman senators vying for the nomination, he has consistently been on the right side of tough anti-terrorism measures (e.g., support for the NSA, willing to commit whatever force is needed to defeat the Islamic state). His knowledge of foreign policy issues and ability to outmaneuver opponents of a robust foreign policy was on display at a recent Koch brothers’ event when he slapped down Sen. Rand Paul (R-Fla.).

4. He is no novice in politics. He was elected to the Florida state house in 1999 and to the speakership in 2003. Among other things, he helped lead a property tax overhaul.

5. It will be hard to pass him on the right. He has an 89 percent lifetime conservative rating from Heritage Action and near-perfect ratings from other conservative groups.

6. With the exception of Jeb Bush, he is the only fluent Spanish speaker who can reach the Hispanic audience without a filter and who  can converse directly with Spanish-language media.

7.  He has a compelling immigrant story and the ability to identify with working people. At the 2012 RNC convention, he told the crowd:

My dad was a bartender. My mom was a cashier, a maid and a stock clerk at K-Mart. They never made it big. They were never rich. And yet they were successful. Because just a few decades removed from hopelessness, they made possible for us all the things that had been impossible for them. Many nights I heard my father’s keys jingling at the door as he came home after another 16-hour day. Many mornings, I woke up just as my mother got home from the overnight shift at K-Mart When you’re young, the meaning of moments like these escapes you. But now, as my own children get older, I understand it better. My Dad used to tell us: “En este pais, ustedes van a poder lograr todas las cosas que nosotros no pudimos” “In this country, you will be able to accomplish all the things we never could.” A few years ago during a speech, I noticed a bartender behind a portable bar at the back of the ballroom. I remembered my father who had worked for many years as a banquet bartender. He was grateful for the work he had, but that’s not the life he wanted for us. He stood behind a bar in the back of the room all those years, so one day I could stand behind a podium in the front of a room.

8. While supporting the traditional definition of marriage, he does not sound like a zealot or Constitutional know-nothing. “I wouldn’t agree with [the Supreme Court] ruling, but that would be the law of the land that we would have to follow until it’s somehow reversed — either by a future Supreme Court, or a U.S. constitutional amendment, which I don’t think is realistic or foreseeable.”

9. He is entirely at ease with the mainstream media as well as with conservative outlets, and he is adept at using self-deprecating humor.

10. Compared with other GOP contenders, Rubio tends to do well with women voters.",1
4628,"Post-ABC poll finds tight presidential race, with mixed reaction to FBI’s review of Clinton’s emails","Republicans' growing unity behind their presidential nominee, Donald Trump, has helped pull him just 1 percentage point behind Hillary Clinton and has placed GOP leaders who resist him in a vulnerable position, according to the latest Washington Post-ABC News Tracking Poll.

A majority of all likely voters say they are unmoved by the FBI's announcement Friday that it may review additional emails from Clinton's time as secretary of state. Just more than 6 in 10 voters say the news will make no difference in their vote, while just more than 3 in 10 say it makes them less likely to support her; 2 percent say they are more likely to back her as a result.

The issue may do more to reinforce preferences of voters opposed to Clinton than swing undecided voters. Roughly two-thirds of those who say the issue makes them less likely to support Clinton are Republicans or Republican-leaning independents (68 percent), while 17 percent lean Democratic and 9 percent are independents who lean toward neither party.

When asked about House Speaker Paul D. Ryan's decision not to campaign for Trump in the final weeks before the election, two-thirds of Republican-leaning likely voters disapprove of the Wisconsin Republican's move (66 percent), including nearly half who disapprove “strongly” (48 percent). Barely 1 in 5 approve of Ryan's decision (21 percent).

The Post-ABC Tracking Poll continues to find a very tight race, with Clinton at 46 percent and Trump at 45 percent among likely voters in interviews from Tuesday through Friday. The two major-party nominees for president are followed by Libertarian Gary Johnson, at 4 percent, and the Green Party's Jill Stein, at 2 percent. The result is similar to a 47-to-45 Clinton-Trump margin in the previous wave released Saturday, though it is smaller than what was found in other surveys this week. When likely voters are asked to choose between Clinton and Trump alone, Clinton stands at 49 percent, and Trump is at 46 percent, a statistically insignificant margin.

Greater Republican unity has buoyed Trump's rising support, which has wavered throughout the year. Trump's 87 percent support among self-identified Republicans, ticking up from 83 percent last week, nearly matches Clinton's 88 percent support among Democrats. Independents also have moved sharply in Trump's direction, from favoring Clinton by eight points one week ago to backing Trump by 19 points.

Clinton maintains clear edge on qualifications, but not on empathy

Clinton is still widely seen as more qualified for the presidency, leading that measure by an 18-point margin, 54 to 36 percent. She has held a clear advantage over Trump in qualifications throughout the campaign.

But Trump receives more unified backing among those who see him as better qualified. Fully 99 percent of this group supports him, compared with Clinton's 84 percent support among those who see her as better qualified. Seven percent of this group supports Trump, while 4 percent are for Johnson and 2 percent are for Stein.

Clinton also lost a once-large advantage on empathy, a trait on which voters now split 46 percent for her and 43 percent for Trump when asked which candidate understands the problems of people like them. Clinton had led Trump by an eight-point margin on this measure in early September among likely voters and by a 20-point margin among all adults in August.

Clinton has a narrow eight-point edge over Trump on which candidate has stronger moral character, 46 to 38 percent. A sizable 13 percent said that neither candidate possesses this trait. A larger share of Trump supporters than Clinton supporters say that neither candidate has strong moral character (12 percent vs. 2 percent).

Ryan's decision not to campaign for Trump this fall has proved unpopular among his fellow partisans. This comes as Ryan's status as House speaker is in peril because of Republican infighting.

Rejection of Ryan's stance swells to 75 percent among Republicans and GOP-leaning independents who identify as “very conservative” compared with smaller majorities of “somewhat conservative” Republicans (63 percent) and those who are moderate or liberal (56 percent).

Ryan's stand against Trump is being handled differently by several other prominent Republicans. For one, Rep. Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) has said that even though he could not endorse Trump or his actions, he still plans to vote for the Republican nominee.

Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan, a popular Republican in an overwhelmingly Democratic state, has spoken out against Trump, a move that was widely popular with independents and Democrats in the state, but Republicans were split on whether they approved of the decision.

This Washington Post-ABC News poll was conducted by telephone Oct. 25 to 28 among a random national sample of 1,781 adults, including landline and cellphone respondents. Overall results have a margin-of-sampling error of plus-or-minus-2.5 points; the error margin is plus-or-minus-three points among the sample of 1,160 likely voters. Sampling, data collection and tabulation are by Abt-SRBI of New York.",1
4125,The GOP still has nothing to show for its anti-Planned Parenthood campaign,"At this point Republicans may wish to consider aborting to protect the health of the party.

They have been going after Planned Parenthood over the past few months like so many Captain Ahabs. They threatened to shut down the government to defund the group. Their insistence on a Planned Parenthood showdown drove House Speaker John Boehner to resign. They’re about to appoint a special committee to investigate Planned Parenthood. The party’s presidential candidates have made Planned Parenthood a central part of the campaign, and House Republicans are manufacturing new legislative vehicles to cut off the group.

And what do they have to show for it?

A new Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll finds that Americans have a more favorable view of Planned Parenthood than of any other entity tested, including the Republican Party and presidential candidates. The group’s favorable/unfavorable impression, 47 percent to 31 percent, is actually up slightly from July. What’s more, 61 percent oppose eliminating federal funding of Planned Parenthood. Even among the 35 percent who support defunding, only 9 percent favor shutting down the government to do it.

Yet House Republicans pressed ahead with their quest Tuesday, hauling Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards before the Oversight and Government Reform Committee for more than five hours of hectoring and finger-wagging about, among other things, her salary and the group’s travel expenses.

The hearing came about because of videos released in July purporting to show that Planned Parenthood was harvesting body parts from aborted fetuses for profit. In their memo announcing the hearing, committee Republicans proclaimed that the “disturbing content” of the recently released videos “raises questions about [Planned Parenthood’s] use of taxpayer funding.” But the videos turned out to be doctored, and committee Republicans declined Democrats’ requests to have the video maker, David Daleiden, appear before the panel. The committee didn’t get the full unedited videos, Chairman Jason Chaffetz (Utah) said, because of California court proceedings.

Two hours into the hearing, Chaffetz made the startling confession that “without the videos, we can’t have a good discussion about them.”

But we can shut down the federal government over them?

Dispensing with the videos, members of the panel got down to the larger purpose of the hearing: harassing Richards and her group.

Chaffetz flashed a chart on the screens showing that since 2010, the number of abortions at Planned Parenthood has surpassed the number of its “cancer screenings and prevention services.”

But no such shift occurred. The fine print on the chart showed that the number of abortions (327,000 in 2013) never came close to reaching the number of cancer screenings (935,573 in 2013) at any point.

The bogus graph didn’t seem to matter to Chaffetz, who drew the witness’s attention to the crossing lines showing abortions overtaking screenings.

Richards said the chart “absolutely does not reflect what’s happening.”

“I pulled those numbers directly out of your corporate reports,” the chairman said.

In fact, the chart said the source was the antiabortion group Americans United for Life — which Richards pointed out to Chaffetz.

“Then we will get to the bottom of the truth of that,” the chairman said.

The truth? Planned Parenthood gets money for women’s birth control, STD screenings and the like, not abortions — which Richards calmly reminded her inquisitors. She left it to Democratic lawmakers to proclaim their (exaggerated) outrage. “The misogyny!” wailed Rep. Gerald Connolly (Va.).

Republicans tried to inoculate themselves against the inevitable “war on women” charges. Chaffetz admitted three Republican women to participate in the hearing (there is only one GOP woman on the panel) and he started his own remarks by emotionally invoking his wife’s work with breast-cancer patients. Rep. Tim Walberg (R-Mich.) thought it helpful to say that “I’m wearing a pink tie in solidarity with women’s health issues.” The majority dodged an awkward moment when Rep. Scott DesJarlais (R-Tenn.), a pro-life lawmaker who, according to court records, encouraged his wife and mistress to have abortions, yielded his time to a colleague.

That colleague, Rep. Paul Gosar (R-Ariz.), told Richards “you’re profiting off death.” Likewise, Rep. John Mica (R-Fla.) proclaimed himself a “champion for the unborn,” while Walberg said “we’ve been brought into a frenzy and a concern about what happens to our babies,” and Rep. Ron DeSantis (R-Fla.) asked what happens if “a child survives an abortion attempt.”

This would appear to justify Richards’s contention that the controversy “isn’t about Planned Parenthood. It’s about allowing women in this country . . . to make other decisions about their pregnancies.”

As if to confirm Richards’s suspicion, 28 minutes after the hearing ended, lawmakers went to the House floor to vote on legislation restricting abortion — for the 14th time this year.

Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
4152,"Looking To 2015, Economists See 5 Reasons To Celebrate","Looking To 2015, Economists See 5 Reasons To Celebrate

Each December, economists make predictions. And each new year, they get hit by unexpected events that make them look more clueless than prescient.

This year's bolt out of the blue was the plunge in oil's price, which no one saw coming.

Still, top economists' forecasts did get a lot right for 2014. One year ago, most were predicting healthy growth, tame inflation, low interest rates, rising stock prices and declining unemployment — and that's just what we got.

Now they are looking ahead, and once again, their forecasts are brimming with good cheer. These are among the most common predictions for 2015:

GDP will keep growing quickly. The gross domestic product — a measure of all U.S. goods and services — has been on a tear. The Commerce Department's latest revision shows GDP advancing at an astonishing 5 percent over July, August and September.

That growth spurt suggests the U.S. economy has momentum heading into the new year. Lower energy prices will give consumers more money to spend, and that should help boost revenues for stores, restaurants, hotels and more.

""Our assessment for growth in 2015 will now be around 3 percent,"" wrote Doug Handler, chief U.S. economist for IHS Global Insight. For an economy in its sixth year of expansion, a 3 percent annual pace would be impressive.

Employers will hire and pay more. In 2013, the unemployment rate averaged 7.4 percent. Last December, economists were predicting a slide to about 6.6 percent.

As it turned out, the jobless rate tumbled to 5.8 percent, and now economists see the rate dipping to 5.5 percent or lower in the coming year.

""With stronger economic growth, the U.S. will add about 230,000 jobs per month on average next year,"" according to the forecast of Gus Faucher, senior economist at PNC Financial Services Group. That would add up to about 2.8 million net new jobs in 2015.

Currently, the country has 2.8 million people struggling with long-term unemployment. So if Faucher's prediction were to come true, workers finally could enjoy a healthy market where job openings and willing workers would match up. And the increased demand for workers would help push up stagnant wages.

Inflation will be exceptionally low. Even though the economy has been heating up, the price of energy has been cooling. The year began with crude oil selling for about $110 a barrel, and is ending with the price at about half that. Oil's plunge has driven down prices for gasoline, home heating oil, jet fuel and more.

Seeing that change, the Federal Reserve has sharply cut its forecast, saying that inflation will run between 1 percent and 1.6 percent in 2015. That's down from a September forecast of 1.6 percent to 1.9 percent.

Interest rates will inch up. OK, you've heard this before. Time and again, economists have predicted that interest rates would tick up. And time and again, they have been wrong.

For example, when this year began, the average 30-year fixed-rate mortgage was carrying an interest rate of 4.43 percent. Most economists thought that rate would rise. But as the year wound down, the 30-year rate was running at about 3.75 percent.

Nevertheless, economists think this time is different and that rates really will rise in 2015. In a mid-December statement, Fed policymakers said they ""can be patient"" when it comes to timing a rate increase, but most economists figure patience will run out by midyear, and that will lead to a slow, steady ratcheting up of interest rates to more normal levels.

When it comes to the strategy of holding down rates to stimulate growth, ""we believe the Fed's work is now done,"" said Bernard Baumohl, chief global economist with The Economic Outlook Group.

Stocks will go higher. The stock market has been zooming up for years now. The Dow Jones industrial average stood at 6,627 in early March 2009, during the worst of the Great Recession. But with the recovery going strong, the stock average has been pushing above 18,000.

Some skeptics think the stock market is due for a ""correction"" that would knock down prices by 10 percent or more in 2015. But the more typical prediction is that with oil prices running so low, investors will want to keep putting money into companies that stand to benefit from increased consumer spending.

Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst at S&P Dow Jones Indices, summed it up in a recent tweet, saying ""high-octane optimism once again prevails on the Street.""",1
1813,Rick Perry drops out of 2016 presidential race,"Washington (CNN) Rick Perry, the former Texas governor who insisted he learned lessons from his disastrous 2012 presidential campaign, dropped his second bid for the White House on Friday after just 100 days.

""Today, I am suspending my campaign for the presidency of the United States,"" Perry said in an address in St. Louis that virtually mirrored his standard stump speech until the very end. ""Life is good. I am a blessed man.""

The departure of Perry, who had little support in early-voting states or among the GOP donor class, is unlikely to alter the contours of the Republican race. But Perry nevertheless implored his supporters in an email to back a candidate who embodies the principles of conservatism.

""The conservative movement has always been about principles, not personalities,"" Perry said, before making a not-too-veiled swipe at Donald Trump, the GOP's current front-runner. ""Our nominee should embody those principles. He -- or she -- must make the case for the cause of conservatism more than the cause of their own celebrity.""

For almost two years, the swaggering Texan had prepared and studied for a second shot at the presidency. But in a 17-candidate field, Perry found himself weakened by fundraisers who ditched him for his rivals and by top surrogates who defected as his campaign crumbled. He raised only about $1 million in the first fundraising quarter, and he never had enough supporters for him to earn a spot in the premier GOP debates. Back in Texas, he remained under indictment on an abuse-of-power charge.

And as it became increasingly clear that the campaign wouldn't be able to overcome deep financial problems that left him without enough money to win a competitive race, he became the first GOP candidate to leave it.

Still, Perry's exit still comes surprisingly early. He was scheduled to appear next week at CNN's Republican debate, which his allies hoped would be a turning point for his troubled campaign. His super PAC sat on more than $17 million that it was investing in Iowa to fill the void created by his Austin-based campaign as its financial difficulties mounted. And Perry acted very much the candidate all day on Friday, authoring an opinion piece about terrorism in National Review in the morning and sharing his vision for his presidency for a half hour in his St. Louis speech in the afternoon.

Some of his top supporters expressed shock that Perry bowed out so early. David Johnson, an Iowa state senator and the candidate's top backer in the Hawkeye State, said Perry may have prematurely pulled the plug.

""Perhaps Governor Perry sees something that I don't,"" Johnson said, explaining that he heard about Perry's decision from the other Texan in the race -- Ted Cruz. ""I was certainly ready to go.""

Perry was unable to reassemble the Texas political and financial base that made him, at one point, the party's front-runner in the last presidential cycle. In the 2012 race, his campaign was dogged by questions about his readiness, punctuated by an embarrassing moment in a debate when he couldn't name the third agency he planned to eliminate as president.

And just as in his first campaign, the man who was once governor of the largest Republican state for 14 years, leaves the campaign trail disappointed and also politically damaged.

The second campaign began to unravel this summer, with the operation essentially abandoning its efforts in Iowa and New Hampshire. Doug Deason, the son of a $5 million donor to the Perry super PAC, said Perry's campaign had only raised $100,000 in the two months since the last reporting period. Deason said Perry delivered the news of the suspension to him on Thursday.

""He felt it coming. He knew there's only so much the super PAC can do,"" explained Deason, a powerful Texas donor who is part of the Koch Brothers' political network. ""After the word got out they were struggling, they did start getting donations in -- but it just wasn't enough to really make a difference.""

Deason expects to get his millions of dollars returned next week.

""The beauty, of course, of investing in a super PAC is you get the money back that doesn't get spent,"" Deason said.

But Austin Barbour, the group's top operative, said it was not immediately clear if the law allowed the donations to be refunded.

Nevertheless, other campaigns Friday evening were moving rapidly to poach top financial and political backers of Perry. Deason dined with Cruz a few evenings ago. Even while Friday's speech was going on, Deason was contacted by Cruz finance director Willie Langston and lieutenants from the Jeb Bush and Scott Walker campaigns. Johnson said in the hours after Perry's decision, he heard from aides representing Walker, Cruz and Rick Santorum.

""Would you consider another Texan for president?"" asked Bryan English, Cruz's Iowa state director, according to Johnson.

The departure of Perry speaks in part to the limitations of super PACs, which had been expected to save the cash-strapped campaign. Perry's well-funded group, Opportunity and Freedom PAC, depended heavily on a small group of Texas families, and the organization had indicated it was willing to hire field operatives and launch an aggressive advertising campaign.

""In It For The Long Haul: Opportunity and Freedom PAC Is Back On The Air In Iowa,"" the group announced at 9 a.m. on Friday.

""We all felt like we had really turned a corner in the past few days,"" said a disappointed Barbour, whose super PAC had knocked on 10,000 doors in Iowa so far. ""We wanted to fight. We felt like there was path, but again, it's not up to us.""

But despite the super PAC's intentions, it cannot pay filing fees in early states or help the candidate raise the hard money needed to travel or operate a headquarters. The campaign had only raised $1.2 million in the first three months of the campaign, Deason said.

Earlier this week, Perry shuttered his South Carolina campaign headquarters in the capital city of Columbia. And field staffers in Iowa and New Hampshire went without pay this month as the campaign tried to salvage its operation. About a month ago, Perry's campaign announced that it would no longer be paying staff across the country.

Some Perry staffers had remained loyal to the campaign, and his super PAC was expected to play a growing, if not unprecedented, role in resuscitating the official campaign. Perry's support barely registered in polls, but his departure will likely create an intense fight for the dollars that have flooded his big-money group, which must spend the money independently.

It is unclear which candidate, or candidates, will inherit the support of Perry's backers. In the past, Perry has repeatedly gone out of his way to lavish praise on another candidate with Texas roots: businesswoman Carly Fiorina.

Soon after Perry announced the end of his bid, a flood of warm wishes came from his now-former GOP presidential rivals on Twitter -- perhaps in an effort to court his support, or that of his backers.

"".@GovernorPerry is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future!"" tweeted Trump, who has made antagonizing his GOP rivals, including Perry, a hallmark of his campaign.

Cruz said he donated to The Lone Survivor Foundation and the Chris Kyle Frog Foundation, two of Perry's favorite charities, and praised his one-time boss.

""The entire GOP field was unquestionably made stronger by the experience & wisdom @GovernorPerry brought to the race,"" he tweeted.

"".@GovernorPerry has dedicated his entire life to his family, friends, and Jesus Christ,"" Florida Sen. Marco Rubio said.

Bush praised Perry for his commitment to conservatism.

""Amen. God bless Rick Perry for his continuing commitment to that cause,"" Bush said.

""@GovernorPerry getting to know you and Anita has been a great joy for our family. Thank you for your service friend,"" Santorum tweeted.

Other candidates, like Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul, who have feuded with Trump, used Perry's departure to mock the GOP front-runner.

"".@realDonaldTrump Attacked him one day. Praised him today. Sounding like a typical politician. Rick is a better man than you'll ever be,"" Jindal tweeted.

""What does it say about GOP when a 3 & half term Gov w/ a successful record of creating jobs bows out as a reality star leads in the polls?"" Paul asked.",1
4885,"'Basket of deplorables': For once, Hillary told the truth about what she really thinks","Hillary let the cat out of a bag Friday. For once, she told us what she really thinks. the truth. No lies, no filters, no politically correct editing.

Hillary finally shared her true feelings at a fundraising event in Manhattan on Friday night, with her old pal Barbara Streisand hosting. Just like Mitt Romney exposed his true feelings about ""the 47 percent"" at a private fundraiser in 2012.

Hillary said that half of Donald Trump’s supporters  belong in a “basket of deplorables.”

This was the real Hillary -- raw and unfiltered. She must be taking lessons from Donald Trump.

Of course, she now regrets saying it. Politicians often regret letting their true feelings out. But it's clear what Hillary meant. Hillary and her supporters despise and disrespect anyone who loves God, country, family and our Constitution.

Hillary was talking about me and my friends. I’m Exhibit A for her rant. I’m the author of the new book “ANGRY WHITE MALE.” It’s my testimony about exactly what millions of angry white males who support Donald Trump believe in…and exactly what liberals like Hillary and President Obama think of us. How they are trying to target us, muzzle us, punish us and destroy us.

Thanks Hillary. We already knew how you felt, but it's nice to get it out into the open. Now you're on record.

Everything I love -- and millions of conservatives, Christians and patriots love -- is under attack from Hillary and the Democrats. They resent us. They disrespect us. They want to silence us. They want to financially cripple us (to redistribute our income in the name of ""fairness"" and ""social justice"").

Millions of Trump supporters believe the things that made America great are simple: Faith in God, family, patriotism, American exceptionalism, capitalism, Judeo-Christian values, Constitution, military and police. But Hillary and the Democrats despise those symbols. To them, belief in those symbols makes you...""deplorable.""

Well, I’m proud that Hillary and her socialist cabal see me as “deplorable.” Let’s look at who else is in this “basket"" with me.  Here is a list of my teammates in Hillary's ""basket of deplorables"":

- The soldiers who fought in Iraq and Afghanistan. We know they are Trump supporters. The latest poll shows Trump winning the military vote by a landslide. Hillary thinks they are ""deplorable.""

-  Military veterans. These are the Americans who were willing to die for our freedoms. Vets were included in that military poll that showed Trump winning by a landslide.

- Vets who came home from Iraq and Afghanistan with no arms, or no legs, or both. I’m betting most of them are for Trump too. Does Hillary think they’re “deplorable?”

-  Policemen murdered in the line of duty -- like the five officers recently killed in Dallas, or the three who were killed in Baton Rouge. Most every police officer I meet is voting for Trump.

-  The spouses and children of policemen murdered in the line of duty. What if they're voting for Trump? Are they “deplorable” to Hillary and her supporters?

-  Every red-blooded regular church-goer on Sunday mornings in America. We know a large majority of regular church-goers are for Trump.

-  A majority of the 28 million small business owners in America. This group will be voting overwhelmingly for Trump. They get up early, work 16 hour days, risk their own money, and create the majority of America's private sector jobs. But Hillary doesn't like them very much. She thinks if they vote for Trump they're ""deplorable.""

Now Hillary is walking back her comment. She says she regrets calling us all ""a basket of deplorables."" But it's too late. We all know your first comment was the raw truth, Hillary. That was how you really feel about us.

The only thing Hillary regrets is that she let the cat out of the bag.

Well, I have news for Hillary…

I am proud to be part of ""the basket of deplorables.""

Wayne Allyn Root is a capitalist evangelist, serial entrepreneur, conservative national media commentator, and proud champion of the middle class. He is a former Libertarian vice presidential nominee, now back to the GOP. Wayne's latest book is ""Angry White Male"" (Skyhorse Publishing). He is a supporter of Donald Trump's presidential campaign. For more, visit his website: www.ROOTforAmerica.com. Follow him on Twitter@WayneRoot.",1
5071,Clinton campaign scrambles to defend Rust Belt against Trump,"With the general election campaign just hours old, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump began focusing their attention this weekend on America’s Rust Belt -- hoping their separate plans to restore prosperity to the all-important region will sway enough voters there to help them win in November.

“We’re going to create jobs in Pennsylvania and across America, especially in places that have been left behind,” Clinton said at a rally Saturday at a factory in Johnstown, part of Pennsylvania’s western, industrial region, home to a large conservative voting bloc that Trump needs.

“I believe with all of my heart that the economy should work for everyone, not just the top 1 percent. … We’re going to support steel workers,” continued Clinton, who also touted her campaign promise to, in her first 100 days in the White House, make the largest investment in jobs since World War II.

Clinton won the Democratic labor and blue-collar vote in her failed 2008 presidential primary bid. But those voters have been more difficult for her to reach in this election cycle.

Primary rival Sen. Bernie Sanders’ populist message repeatedly tried to portray Clinton as less receptive to middle class needs. The Vermont senator in fact scored a major suprise win over Clinton in the Michigan primay.

Meanwhile, Trump, the Republican nominee, and running mate Mike Pence continued to argue that electing Clinton would continue the Obama administration's failed economic policies -- marked by stagnant wages and bad international trade deals that are sending manufacturing jobs oversea.

“The second-quarter numbers came out -- 1.2 percent growth in the American economy,” Pence, Indiana's governor, said Friday night at a rally in Lima, Ohio. “We can’t keep doing the same thing and expect a different result … People are restless for change.”

Most political analysts predict that the general election will again be decided by four so-called battleground states, among them Ohio and Pennsylvania.

Clinton and Trump are deadlocked in those states, according to two recent Quinnipiac University polls, though an NBC survey released July 13 shows Trump trailing by 9 percentage points.

“It will be interesting to see if Clinton can hold off Trump in the Rust Belt by going back to the blue-collar vote,” Caleb Burns, a Republican strategist and partner in the Washington law firm Wiley Rein, said earlier this week. “If she can, it will be extremely difficult for Trump to find a path to victory.”

To be sure, Trump already has a narrow path toward getting the requisite 270 electoral votes to take the White House.

Beyond winning the 13 states that GOP nominees have taken in the past six presidential races, Trump must also win some combination of battleground states -- including Colorado, North Carolina, Florida, Virginia, Ohio and Pennsylvania.

No Republican has won Pennsylvania since 1988, and no Republican nominee has won the White House without winning Ohio.

“And this election will be no different,” Fox News contributor and senior Bush administration policy adviser Karl Rove recently wrote in The Wall Street Journal editorial pages. “If Mr. Trump’s appeal to blue-collar, white swing voters is real, he could paint Pennsylvania red. If so, he is likely to win the White House with 273 electoral votes.”

However, a loss in Pennsylvania would mean Trump would have to find wins in such Midwestern industrial states as Michigan, Minnesota and Wisconsin, all Democratic strongholds.

Clinton and Kaine continued their “Stronger Together” tour Saturday with a late-afternoon rally in Pittsburgh and an evening event in Youngstown, Ohio. Their tour concludes Sunday in Columbus.

At a rally in Colorado on Friday, the day after Clinton accepted the Democratic nomination in Philadelphia, Trump went after Clinton and Kaine on economic issues.

“We have to go over some numbers,” he said at a rally in Denver, a liberal stronghold. “Hillary was talking last night about how wonderful everything was. She didn’t talk about all of the unbelievable long-term unemployment, the fact house ownership is the lowest in 51 years.”

He also argued that Kaine is “not popular” in his home state of Virginia, considering that unemployment nearly doubled in his one term as governor and that his first move after getting elected to the post in 2005 was to increase taxes by $4 billion.

Trump plans to visit Columbus and Cleveland on Monday.",1
2637,Eric Holder bids farewell to Justice Department,"Hundreds of Justice Department staff and lawyers gathered in the Great Hall of the Robert F. Kennedy Building Friday to give the nation's first African-American attorney general a send-off.

It was a more tightly-scripted version of the thunderous welcome he received in 2009 when Holder entered the building. The goodbye ceremony included a nine-minute video lauding the attorney general for his six-year tenure.

""I think we can say now Eric Holder is free,"" the attorney general said to laughs, after tossing to the crowd wristbands he has been wearing as he waited months for his successor, Loretta Lynch, to win Senate approval . The wristbands, the idea of an aide, were an inside joke that read ""Free Eric Holder.""

Holder was tearful, shaking hands, hugging and taking selfies with some of the crowd, which numbered about 200.

This was his third going-away ceremony -- one in February included President Barack Obama and a performance by Aretha Franklin. As in his speech when he took office six years ago, Holder laid claim to helping restore the Justice Department's reputation, a tacit shot at the Bush administration and the political scandal that hung over former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales after the firings of U.S. attorneys. Holder said he was proud of the department's work, which he said was done ""free of politicization."" He told the Justice staffers they were responsible for a new ""golden age"" at the Justice Department. He cited the department's role in the Obama administration's decision to stop defending the Defense of Marriage Act, which has quickened the acceptance of same-sex marriage. He called same-sex marriage the ""civil rights issue of our time."" He also lauded the department's active role in civil rights enforcement, which has become a major focus in light of a national spate of police shootings and excessive use-of-force incidents. While Holder listed his accomplishments, much of the ceremony also served as a reminder of the rocky relationship he has had with Republicans, who made him the first sitting cabinet member to be held in contempt of Congress and who regularly used him as the stand-in to take shots at President Obama in political fights. U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder attends a meeting with the My Brother's Keeper Task Force to receive a 90-day report on its progress in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in May 2014. Holder's resignation was announced in September 2014, but his replacement, Loretta Lynch, was not confirmed by the Senate until April 23, 2015. Holder talks with his father, Eric Holder Sr., after being sworn in as the U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia in 1993. Holder shakes hands with then-President Bill Clinton as Attorney General Janet Reno, Holder's boss, looks on at an American Bar Association event at the White House in 1999. Holder walks with Caroline Kennedy, daughter of former President John F. Kennedy, in June 2008 after they were tasked with searching for a running mate for then-Sen. Barack Obama. Holder is sworn in as attorney general by Vice President Joe Biden in February 2009. Holder's wife, Dr. Sharon Malone, is by his side. Holder announces in November 2009 that five men accused of the September 11 terror attacks would be tried in a New York civilian court. He said the government would seek the death penalty against Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others. Holder is greeted by members of Congress as he arrives at the U.S. House of Representatives in May 2010. Holder answers a student's question after a speech commemorating the 100th anniversary of the Duquesne University School of Law in February 2011. Holder talks to reporters after meeting with U.S. Rep. Darrell Issa, chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, in June 2012. Issa and Holder met to discuss releasing documents related to the botched Fast and Furious investigation. Holder takes questions at a news conference in May 2013. He said he recused himself from a national security leak investigation in which prosecutors obtained the phone records of Associated Press journalists. Holder leaves after speaking of his disappointment in a Supreme Court ruling that declared a key part of the Voting Rights Act unconstitutional in June 2013. Holder talks with Capt. Ron Johnson of the Missouri State Highway Patrol in Ferguson, Missouri, in August 2014. Holder traveled to Ferguson to oversee the federal government's investigation into a police officer's shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown. Holder wipes away tears in September 2014 as his resignation is announced by President Barack Obama in Washington. Holder, who led the Department of Justice for six years, stayed in the position until his replacement, Loretta Lynch, was confirmed. Holder testifies at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on Thursday, January 29, on oversight of the Justice Department and reform of government surveillance programs. Holder and his wife, Sharon Malone, look on as artist Simmie Knox unveils Holder's official portrait during a ceremony at the Justice Department in Washington on Friday, February 27. Holder delivers remarks about the shooting of two police officers in Ferguson, Missouri, at the Department of Justice in Washington on Thursday, March 12.",1
1267,Huckabee Appearing at Trump Event in Iowa,"Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee has announced plans to attend Donald Trump's fundraising rally for wounded warriors, slated to take place in Des Moines, Iowa, Thursday night - the same time as the Republican debate.

""He'll do the undercard debate on Fox News and then head over to the Trump rally, which is about 10 minutes away from the debate site,"" CBN's David Brody said.

Read more about Huckabee's appearance at the Trump rally at The Brody File.



The news comes as Trump reaffirmed his decision to boycott the GOP debate. That event will be hosted by Fox News, which he has accused of unfair treatment.

""I don't like being taken advantage of,"" Trump said in an interview Wednesday on Fox, signaling he wasn't boycotting the highly rated network completely.

Trump threatened to boycott the debate if Fox kept Megyn Kelly as debate moderator, but it was statement from Fox News that led him to make his final decision.

That statement said the leaders of Iran and Russia ""both intend to treat Donald Trump unfairly when they meet with him if he becomes president"" and that ""Trump has his own secret plan to replace the Cabinet with his Twitter followers to see if he should even go to those meetings,"" reports The Associated Press.

The other GOP candidates are hoping they can emerge Thursday night from the shadow Trump has cast over the race.

""I think it'll hurt him that he's not showing up in the Iowa debate four days before the Iowa caucuses,"" former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush told CNN.

 

Trump's absence will likely bring more attention to Sens. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, and Marco Rubio, R-Fla., who is hoping for a third place finish in Iowa.

Rubio said Republicans ""don't have time for these kinds of distractions.""",1
3266,Why Sen. Mitch McConnell won’t budge on the Supreme Court nomination,"No matter how much pressure President Obama and Democrats try to apply, McConnell’s allies say the Senate majority leader will never agree to hold hearings on the nomination of Merrick Garland, a federal appeals court judge, to succeed Antonin Scalia as a Supreme Court justice.

Even Republicans who disagree with him think that McConnell (R-Ky.) will not retreat from that defiant stance. “I don’t see the majority leader changing his mind on this issue. He believes strongly that this should be a decision made by the next president,” said Sen. Susan Collins (Maine), one of two Republicans to call for hearings on Garland.

Since Scalia’s death, and McConnell’s pronouncement hours later, Democrats have been stunned by the senator’s determined position not to consider any nominee — and his flat-out refusal to extend the traditional courtesy of meeting with the nominee.

They have long viewed McConnell as purely a political tactician who always does what is best for his party’s chances at controlling the Senate. With Garland’s introduction, Democrats began pillorying Republican incumbents for rejecting any Obama choice out of hand just because there is an election eight months away.

[GOP leaders to give Garland the cold shoulder during visit today]

By Wednesday afternoon, a few hours after Obama introduced Garland as his pick, Democrats asserted that the ground had shifted after several Republicans signaled they would at least meet with the nominee.

“The ice is cracking,” Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) said three hours after the Rose Garden ceremony. “You’ve got a whole number of Republicans who are now willing to sit down and talk to the nominee, and I think given how strong a nominee it is, more ice is going to crack soon.”

For Senate Minority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.), the Garland nomination fight could be his last big battle before he retires at the end of the year. Reid on Wednesday relaunched the Democrats’ “McConnell Backdown Watch” in news releases and on social media.

But those who know McConnell say his strategy is the synthesis of two of his lifelong, overlapping interests: political machinations of the Senate in general and the Supreme Court confirmation process in particular.

On Wednesday, the GOP leader delivered a speech at a lunchtime gathering of social conservatives. The Weyrich Lunch, named for the late Paul Weyrich, an original leader of the Christian conservative movement, draws leaders of top religious organization who often use the meeting to criticize McConnell for what they see as his traditional establishment views.

But in a random quirk of the schedule, McConnell’s once-a-year appearance turned into a rally-the-troops event Wednesday to deny Obama the chance to replace Scalia, who was an iconic figure among movement conservatives.

The presidential environment, with front-runner Donald Trump dominating the process, has left many social conservatives fearful that their standard-bearer won’t share their values. Republicans think that the Scalia vacancy will at least encourage the religious voters to show up in November — even if it’s just to save the Senate GOP majority as a check against the possibility that Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton wins and gets the opportunity to appoint more liberals to the Supreme Court.

[The Fix: What picking a white, male, moderate Harvard grad says about Obama’s legacy]

GOP advisers agree that public and private polling shows a 2-to-1 ratio in favor of holding hearings and possible votes on the Garland nomination. But at the same time, they say that the intensity level on this issue is low and that voters are focused on the economy and national security as the most critical issues. The backlash from conservative voters, Republicans say, would be far worse than the small gain from going through the process with the nomination.

So far, endangered Republican incumbents remain on board.

“I’m hearing a lot back home about this, from both sides. I mean, the intensity level is high on the Republican side, too,” said Sen. Rob Portman (R-Ohio), who visited seven counties over the past week and heard “intense” views from liberals and conservatives. “What I hear is both sides expressing their strong views.”

Schumer predicted that McConnell is making a temporary play to appease conservatives. “He’s probably better off first making the stand and then having to buckle to public pressure than not making the stand,” he said.

But that also neglects McConnell’s own fascination with the Supreme Court since his stint as a staffer for Sen. Marlow Cook (R-Ky.), who appointed a 27-year-old McConnell as his point man for several of President Richard M. Nixon’s Supreme Court nominations.

Cook served as Nixon’s lead defender of Clement Haynsworth, whose nomination was blocked in November 1969 amid questions about whether he should have recused himself in cases involving his stock holdings. Nixon’s next nominee also failed to make it past the Senate.

Cook encouraged McConnell to write a piece for the Kentucky Law Journal soon after those nominations. The young Senate legislative aide wrote that too often senators hid behind false attacks on trumped-up charges when their real motive was simply the political blockade of an opposing president’s choice.

“Senators sought to hide their political objections beneath a veil of charges about fitness, ethics and other professional qualifications,” McConnell wrote.

Political considerations, he said in the paper, should not disqualify a nominee.

Now, 45 years later, McConnell has reversed that position but has at least made clear the rationale for not even holding a hearing: the next election.

“This person will not be ­confirmed,” Sen. John Cornyn (R-Texas) said. “So there’s no reason going through some motions and pretending like it’s going to happen, because it’s not going to happen.”",1
895,"Sorry Gov. Kasich, ‘Electability’ Is Bunk","No, not the number of primaries he’s won, or the number of votes he’s gotten, or the number of delegates he has. I mean the poll numbers that show the Ohio governor is well ahead of Hillary Clinton in a November matchup, while she beats mogul Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz. There’s even one that shows him dead even with Clinton in the deep, deep-blue state of New Jersey. Isn’t that exactly the kind of candidate delegates would and should turn to if they become unbound after the first ballot? Well, that’s his argument anyway.

Sorry, Gov. Kasich, but history says you’re wrong. And there may be good reasons why the “I’m electable” argument is less potent than it might appear.

For party delegates deciding how much “electability” matters, it’s important to remember that such springtime numbers have a fragile half-life. As Trump’s supporters keep reminding us, Ronald Reagan was running anywhere from 18 to 23 points behind President Jimmy Carter in the spring of 1980. One reason ex-President Gerald Ford flirted with entering the race—apart from a grudge from 1976—was that, as Time magazine noted at the time, “Ford shares the fears of many Republicans that Reagan cannot win if the Democrats re-nominate Jimmy Carter.”

Then in 1992, even as Bill Clinton was firming his grip on the nomination, the polls told a dismal story about his prospective election. In June, he was running third behind President George H.W. Bush and—in first place—Texas businessman Ross Perot. (Note: Springtime polls often elevate independent candidates—in 1980, John Anderson was running as high as 24 per cent against Carter and Reagan.) So there’s reason for Republicans looking at Kasich to be skeptical about these numbers.

Even if the numbers are sound, there’s a reason that they might spell out the wrong strategy for the campaign: ""Electability"" isn't the message that galvanizes a party base, and for good reason.

In 2000, every survey showed that Sen. John McCain would run far better against Vice President Al Gore than did George W. Bush. Around the time of New Hampshire, McCain had an 8-point lead, while Bush and Gore ran even.

But McCain was a heretic. He opposed the mammoth tax cuts proposed by Bush and congressional Republicans, preferring to see some of the surplus—yes, there was a surplus back then—go toward reducing the debt. And he’d teamed up with Sen. Russ Feingold, the most liberal Democrat in the Senate, to write a bill banning most soft money from campaigns (this was the law ultimately eviscerated by the Supreme Court).

That’s one of the reasons McCain won Republican voters only in New Hampshire and in his home state of Arizona. His margins elsewhere came from independents. For Republicans, he did not represent them as well as Bush did.

And that goes to the heart of the issue. A party is more than a collection of individuals looking for an appealing candidate: It's an organization searching for the person who the best embodies their beliefs. When the party faithful—the people who are delegates—pull the lever, they're going to be thinking about what kind of Republican Party they want, not just which horse is likely to finish first.

It makes sense for the party to think this way. Why? Because choosing a nominee simply on the basis of electability may wind up impeding the goals of that party’s base. Dwight Eisenhower was far more electable than conservative hero Robert Taft in 1952, but his two landslide elections wound up solidifying the expansion of the federal government under FDR and Harry S. Truman rather than advancing the agenda of the Republican Party. From the perspective of a Republican loyalist opposed to that expansion, Ike’s victories achieved almost nothing. (And if you throw in his appointment of Earl Warren and William Brennan, two of the most liberal Supreme Court justices in history, you could well argue that Eisenhower’s terms greatly expanded the liberal cause.)

That’s why The New Republic in 2012 could look back on that era and conclude that the “relationship between the 1950s conservative movement and its contemporaneous Republican president was one of mutual ill-will. Conservatives had expected that Eisenhower, as the first Republican president since 1932, would repeal the New Deal; instead he augmented and expanded programs like Social Security, thereby giving them bipartisan legitimacy. … He approved anti-recessionary stimulus spending, extended unemployment compensation, and raised the minimum wage. He pioneered federal aid to education and created the largest public-works program in history in the form of the interstate highway system. He levied gasoline taxes to pay for the highway construction, and believed that cutting income taxes when the federal government was running a deficit would be an act of gross fiscal irresponsibility.”

From that perspective, it’s unimaginable that today’s GOP, which is far more conservative than it was in Ike’s time, would turn to such an ideologically suspect candidate no matter how “electable” he or she was. In that sense, the GOP base shares the view expressed by ex-Sen. Jim DeMint when he said he’d rather have 30 strong conservatives than 50 centrist Republicans. And a lot of Republican delegates will be thinking just that way as they head into the convention in Cleveland in July.

By contrast, Bernie Sanders—who in some polls runs better against Trump and Cruz than does Clinton—has at least a plausible argument that his candidacy better reflects where the Democrats are going—left—and that the new, younger voters he would draw make a good fit with that direction. For Sanders, the electability argument could work—but only because he’s already made the liberal base happy.

There is one thing that Kasich does have in his favor, however: the argument that Trump doesn’t really channel the party base either, at least when it comes to ideas. Trump too is an apostate on free trade, which has been a core GOP plank until now, and seemingly on health care. Trump also may have done himself no favors by embracing an exception to the draconian abortion plank of the GOP platform. It may appeal to independents, but that’s not where the base of the party is—at least, not if you judge by the past 32 years of party platforms.

But despite his long history in the conservative movement, especially as a key player in the rise of Newt Gingrich as House speaker in the 1990s, Kasich has come to be seen as a heretic too; his decision to accept Medicaid expansion made him a pariah to those in his party who believe that anything associated with “Obama-health-care-idea” should be shunned like the devil’s brew. A year ago he told a few of us journalists that “I think I have the right to try to define what conservatism means.” But if the primaries are any evidence, he has failed to do that with the rank and file of his own party.

Kasich’s argument that he has governed as a conservative has had no impact in a primary where the experience of governing is apparently seen as a liability (as Scott Walker, Chris Christie and Jeb Bush learned). He has tried, for example, to argue that his Medicaid expansion is conservative at heart—it saves money, it keeps lower-income workers off welfare, it gets drug addicts out of jail and into treatment, in the spirit of conservative support of prison reform. But this argument has found no resonance in his party.

Moreover, Cruz’s constant pursuit of a “no enemies to the right” strategy has made it all but impossible for the Ohio governor to make any inroads among true believing conservatives.

Kasich has almost no line to the nomination, but if he’s to have any hope at all he ought to minimize his electability pitch and rejuvenate the idea that he speaks for the base. Because they’re the ones who will decide, and right now they’re thinking of the vote that happens in July, not the one in November.",1
2020,"For 2016, Hillary Clinton has commanding lead over Democrats, GOP race wide open","Hillary Rodham Clinton holds a commanding 6 to 1 lead over other Democrats heading into the 2016 presidential campaign, while the Republican field is deeply divided with no clear front-runner, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll.

Clinton trounces her potential primary rivals with 73 percent of Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents, reinforcing a narrative of inevitability around her nomination if she runs. Vice President Biden is second with 12 percent, and Sen. Elizabeth Warren (Mass.) is third with 8 percent.

Although Clinton’s favorability rating has fallen since she stepped down as secretary of state a year ago, she has broad Democratic support across ideological, gender, ethnic and class lines. Her lead is the largest recorded in an early primary matchup in at least 30 years of Post-ABC polling.

The race for the Republican nomination, in contrast, is wide open, with six prospective candidates registering 10 percent to 20 percent support. No candidate has broad backing from both tea party activists and mainline Republicans, signaling potential fissures when the GOP picks a standard-bearer in 2016.

New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, who was at or near the top of the Republican field in many public opinion surveys last year, appears to have suffered politically from the bridge-traffic scandal engulfing his administration.

The new survey puts Christie in third place — with the support of 13 percent of Republicans and Republican-leaning independents — behind Rep. Paul Ryan (Wis.) with 20 percent and former Florida governor Jeb Bush at 18 percent. The rest of the scattered pack includes Sens. Ted Cruz (Tex.), Rand Paul (Ky.) and Marco Rubio (Fla.), who are at 12, 11 and 10 percent, respectively.

Among strong backers of the tea party — who make up about one-fifth of the Republicans polled — Cruz has a big lead, with 28 percent, followed by Ryan, at 18 percent. But Cruz, an iconoclastic freshman senator who rose to prominence during last fall’s partial government shutdown, registers just 4 percent among those who oppose or have no opinion of the tea party.

Christie is weakest among the strong tea party set, winning 6 percent of that group, but he has the backing of 15 percent of other Republicans. Bush’s base of support comes from self-identified Republicans, while Ryan’s strength comes from white evangelical Protestants, young voters and less conservative wings of the party. Rubio does particularly well among Republicans with college degrees.

Christie has benefited from the perception that he has unique appeal among independents and some Democrats, a reputation the governor burnished with his 2013 reelection in his strongly Democratic state.

But that image has been tarnished, the survey finds. More Democrats now view Christie unfavorably than favorably, with independents divided. Republicans, meanwhile, have a lukewarm opinion, with 43 percent viewing him favorably and 33 percent unfavorably. Overall, 35 percent of Americans see him favorably and 40 percent unfavorably.

Christie’s administration is under investigation for a plot last fall to shut down local access lanes to the George Washington Bridge and cause four days of gridlock in Fort Lee, N.J., in an act of apparent political retribution against a Democratic mayor.

Among the public, 46 percent say they consider the bridge episode a “sign of broader problems” with Christie’s leadership, while 43 percent say they think it was an “isolated incident.”

Most Republicans give Christie the benefit of the doubt, with 57 percent saying the bridge incident is isolated. Sixty percent of Democrats say it is indicative of broader problems, while independents are almost evenly split.

The 2016 presidential campaign is not likely to start taking shape until the end of this year, when candidates are expected to begin declaring their intentions. Among the Republicans, Ryan and Bush appear to be the most ambivalent about a campaign. Other Republicans not named in the poll, such as Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, could gain steam as potential candidates.

On the Democratic side, Warren has said she will not run, although she has a loyal following among some liberal groups hoping to draft an alternative to Clinton.

Polling this far out in the cycle is poor at forecasting winners of party nomination battles, but it offers important clues about current voter attitudes. Major fundraisers and party activists in particular look to such polls as indications of potential candidates’ strengths and weaknesses on the national stage as they begin to pick their horses.

In a theoretical head-to-head general-election matchup, Clinton leads Christie among registered voters, 53 percent to 41 percent. This is a far larger deficit than Republicans had in the popular vote in the past two presidential elections. In 2012, President Obama beat Mitt Romney by 51 percent to 47 percent, and he beat John McCain by 53 percent to 46 percent in 2008.

Christie is hurt by weak support among independents — trailing Clinton by 48 percent to 43 percent — as well as by a less consolidated party base. Although 90 percent of Democrats say they would back Clinton, only 79 percent of Republicans say they would support Christie. By contrast, Romney beat Obama among independents by five percentage points, and he won 93 percent of Republican votes.

Clinton, who would become the first female president if elected, shows enormous strength among women in the new poll. She leads Christie among female voters by 59 percent to 34 percent — more than double the 11-point margin Obama held over Romney.

Christie tops Clinton by a slender three points among men, 49 percent to 46 percent; Romney won men by seven percentage points.

Clinton is buoyed by net-positive favorability ratings and by the intense loyalty of her supporters. Fifty-eight percent view her favorably , including 32 percent who are “strongly” favorable, while 38 percent have an unfavorable view of her.

This marks a decline from a Post-ABC poll last January, as Clinton prepared to leave the State Department. At the time, 67 percent said they viewed her favorably. The drop can be attributed to declining support among independents and Republicans, as Clinton inched back into partisan politics and the news media stopped covering her as a globe-trotting diplomat and focused on her presidential ambitions.

Still, Clinton’s current popularity is as high or higher than at any point during her eight-year tenure as a U.S. senator from New York, when her favorable rating in Post-ABC polling mostly hovered in the high 40s or low 50s.

Although Clinton was the front-runner heading into the 2008 primary season, she barely tipped over 50 percent in two Post-ABC surveys. Clinton’s standing heading into the 2016 Democratic primaries is considerably stronger. The poll shows her with remarkable strength across demographic groups. She wins nearly three-quarters of men and women, whites and nonwhites, young and old, as well as lower- and higher- income voters.

The Post-ABC poll was conducted Jan. 20-23 among a random national sample of 1,003 adults, including interviews on conventional telephones and with cellphone-only respondents. The overall margin of sampling error is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points.",1
2512,Surprise! Donald Trump is wrong about immigrants and crime.,"Donald Trump's two-week-old campaign has been pretty good at sticking to two core points: defending the candidate's anti-immigrant remarks at his announcement and pretending that the companies that responded to those comments by ending their business relationships with him were, instead, rejected by him first.

As a result, we've gotten a wonderful look at the unassailable way in which Trump's mind works: He's always right, until he's not, in which case he was never wrong. You were.

Take the statements that started all of Trump's troubles; they came within the first few minutes of his campaign kick-off, after he rambled for a bit about the crowd and the Islamic State and Japan.

""When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best,"" he said. ""They're sending people that have lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems with us. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists.""

With all of the furor that resulted, it's worth noting the two hallmarks of classic Donald Trump that emerged from his response. First, he unfailingly stood by the comments, despite the fallout. And second, he's wrong.

On CNN on Wednesday night, he offered a defense to anchor Don Lemon.

""If you look at the statistics, of people coming ... I didn't say about Mexico, I say the illegal immigrants —if you look at the statistics on rape, on crime, on everything, coming in illegally to the country, they're mind-boggling,"" he told Lemon.

Every part of that is incorrect. He did say his comments about Mexico — explicitly. And data show that new immigrants —  including illegal immigrants — are actually less likely to commit crime, not more.

—""Foreign-born individuals exhibit remarkably low levels of involvement in crime across their life course."" (Bianca Bersani, University of Massachusetts, 2014. Published in Justice Quarterly.)

Citing Bersani's work, Pew Research created this graph, showing crime rates among the immigrant community.

""The crime rate among first-generation immigrants — those who came to this country from somewhere else — is significantly lower than the overall crime rate and that of the second generation,"" they write.

Since undocumented immigrants are more than a quarter of the immigrant population, it's nearly impossible that the overall-immigrant crime rate could be so much lower if the undocumented-immigrant crime rate were significantly higher.

— ""There’s essentially no correlation between immigrants and violent crime."" (Jörg Spenkuch, Northwestern University, 2014. Published by the university.) He did find a small correlation between immigration and property crime, but only a slight one.

— ""[I]mmigrants are underrepresented in California prisons compared to their representation in the overall population. In fact, U.S.-born adult men are incarcerated at a rate over two-and-a-half times greater than that of foreign-born men."" (Public Policy Institute of California, 2008.)

— ""[D]ata from the census and a wide range of other empirical studies show that for every ethnic group without exception, incarceration rates among young men are lowest for immigrants, even those who are the least educated. This holds true especially for the Mexicans, Salvadorans and Guatemalans, who make up the bulk of the undocumented population."" (Ruben Rumbaut, University of California, 2008. Published by the Police Foundation.)

— ""Analyses of data collected from four Southwest states and the U.S. Census show that the perceived size of the undocumented immigrant population, more so than the actual size of the immigrant population and economic conditions, is positively associated with perceptions of undocumented immigrants as a criminal threat."" (Xia Wang, Arizona State University, 2014. Published in Criminology.)

How did Trump get a simple point so wrong? Consider the response he offered Lemon on his most contentious assertion. Trump offers a sort of ontological rationalization for the ""rapists"" claim: People are being raped, ergo it's the immigrants' fault.

Trump cited an article from Fusion. ""Eighty percent of the women coming in ... "" he says, trailing off. ""You have to take a look at these stories. ... It's unbelievable, when you look at what's going on. All I'm doing is telling the truth.""

Lemon correctly points out that the story was about immigrant women being raped. ""Well,"" Trump replies, ""someone's doing the raping, Don."" In apparent disbelief, Trump adds, ""How can you say such a thing?""

And there you go. Trump completely misreads a media story, turns it into a mushy stat in his head, and uses that as an excuse to bash immigrants without cause. The stat is nowhere near accurate, but that doesn't matter. When he's presented with accurate data, he offers a weird rationale — and then criticizes his critic. Perfect.

In the wake of his announcement, we dubbed Trump to be ""un-fact-checkable"" for the simple reason that he so often operates outside the bounds of logical discourse. Same here. Trump has septupled down on his bad argument — assuming, as has happened so many times before, that it will all go away.

It probably won't until, almost invariably, his candidacy does.",1
3346,The State Department hasn’t been authorized in 13 years,"Some of the biggest issues facing America this year have the State Department at the center: Iran, Cuba, the climate talks in Paris.

One that hasn’t been resolved? The State Department itself.

The department hasn’t been reauthorized by Congress in more than a decade. The last time Congress passed the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, which sets rules for State, was in 2002—so long ago that the law refers to www.state.gov as an “Internet website.”

The lack of authorization doesn’t mean the department can’t operate; it still gets money every year. But every two years, lawmakers are supposed to update America’s overseas priorities and how they’re executed. The last time that happened, Saddam Hussein was still alive and the Department of Homeland Security didn’t exist.

“If you have a reauthorization that’s 12 or 13 years old,” said Scott Adler, a political scientist at the University of Colorado, Boulder who has written a book on reauthorizing agencies, “that was a completely different world.”

Without a reauthorization bill, Congress exerts ad hoc power over State: appropriators can specify funding for different agencies and attach restrictions to the money; lawmakers also find other routes to push their foreign-policy agendas, like inserting provisions into the Pentagon authorization. Meanwhile, the 116-page document that’s supposed to govern State grows slowly obsolete.

Whenever Congress does take up the law, it tends to get hung up on politics and then flame out—often over suspiciously domestic-seeming issues, like money for groups that favor abortions overseas. Partisan fights over the U.S.’s role in the United Nations have also killed legislation.

A big problem is that the members of Congress who head the foreign-policy committees—like Joe Biden and John Kerry, when they were in the Senate—tend to ignore the grunt work of the law and instead focus on the theater of the hearing room.

“Guys like Biden and Kerry cared less about an authorization bill and more about their ability to impact foreign policy by being a diplomat and being a part of the group of unique statesmen, apart from the administration, that could still represent the United States globally,” said Ilan Goldenberg, a senior fellow at a Center for a New American Security who has worked for State and Department of Defense and was previously a staffer at the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.

[UPDATE: After deadline, a State Department official defended Kerry's work as chair, noting he introduced a reauthorization bill in 2012. ""The fact that the State Authorization bill wasn’t passed by the full Senate during his tenure is more a reflection of Senate dysfunction and politics than it is of his leadership and priorities as Chairman,"" the official wrote in an email. And Philip Arsenault pointed out that Biden chaired the foreign relations committee when the 2002 reauthorization passed.]

In the past it’s been the Senate where the bill gets held up; in 2013, a year after the attacks on the U.S. embassy in Benghazi, the House passed a State reauthorization that strengthened embassy security by a lopsided 384-37 vote. The Senate never took it up.

This year there’s actually been some Senate movement on the issue. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee held a hearing on State Department reauthorization in April and unanimously passed legislation in June. Senator Bob Corker, the chair of the committee, wants to increase security for overseas embassies and streamline agency operations. Among other provisions, the bill requires the White House to designate an interagency hostage recovery coordinator (which the administration has created on its own), requires the government to create a “strategy for the Middle East in the event of a comprehensive nuclear agreement with Iran” and expresses concern about Russia’s actions while reaffirming support for post-Soviet nations.

But Corker’s effort to attach the legislation to the National Defense Authorization Act failed, and his office declined to say what his next move would be.

For State-watchers, it’s just another example of a long and humbling truth: Washington cares more about the military than statecraft. While State hasn’t been reauthorized in 13 years, the Department of Defense has been authorized every year for 53 years in a row.

“I chalk it up number one to the American public and Congress cares, as a whole, less about funding the State Department and more about the Pentagon,” said Goldenberg.

“The Pentagon,” he said, “is much sexier stuff.”

",1
1750,Will Wednesday’s GOP debate move the discourse from flash to substance?,"The last time Carly Fiorina was here, the former Hewlett-Packard chief ­executive sketched out her ­foreign policy blueprint. One thousand people heard her condemn the slow training of ­anti-Islamic State forces, the ambitions of China and the wonky “tooth to tail” ratio of military power to military bureaucracy.

It was sober. It was serious. It was basically ignored. Like much of this summer’s political news, Fiorina’s July speech was subsumed by Donald Trump; it inspired only a fraction of the news searches that Rolling Stone attracted last week when it quoted Trump seemingly making fun of her looks, according to Google Trends data.

The rise of Trump and of retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, two first-time candidates who prefer broad strokes to policy debates, has left the Republican establishment looking confused and helpless. Originally expecting a clash of ideas among a diverse, talented field, the establishment’s national security Brahmins paired up with candidates and got to work — only to be blown out of the conversation by Trump.

That has left some Republicans hoping that Wednesday’s debate will break the fever — and change the tenor of the race from flashy to substantive. Hugh Hewitt, the syndicated Orange County radio host who will co-moderate the event, has promised to grill candidates about geopolitics and world leaders. If that happens, the debate will become a crucial test for Trump and Carson — and for the staying power of their campaigns.

[Trump in Texas: We are a dumping ground for the rest of the world]

“If this isn’t the moment to finally get serious, when the hell will it be?” asked Sen. Lindsey O. Graham (S.C.), another Republican presidential contender. “Is the next time we get serious about foreign policy going to be when we get attacked? Everybody criticizes Barack Obama’s foreign policy, everybody knows he has no strategy in Iraq and Syria, but we need something specific to replace that. If we don’t hear that from the candidates, this week will have been a waste of time.”

Graham is an unwilling mascot for how foreign policy has fallen out of the primary debate. Just months ago, he was engaged in a near-daily debate with fellow GOP candidate Rand Paul, the libertarian-leaning senator from Kentucky, over issues including Iran and the Islamic State. “I’m running,” Graham said, “because the world is falling apart.”

On Wednesday afternoon, Graham will join former senator Rick Santorum (Pa.), another longtime Washington hawk, at the four-man second-tier debate. Santorum is at least invited to a policy-focused forum later this week in Greenville, S.C., hosted by Heritage Action for America; Graham, who lives near the venue, is not.

That will leave the task of vetting Carson and Trump on Wednesday to nine other candidates and the moderators. Neither front-runner has laid out a specific plan for attacking the Islamic State; Trump consistently has told audiences that he has a secret plan that he cannot share lest the enemy find out. Both candidates have been light on strategies for other crises.

Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee and the 2008 Republican presidential nominee, lamented how little attention has been paid to foreign policy.



“There certainly hasn’t been very serious discussion of it, because of the nature of the campaign,” McCain said. “Just rhetoric.”

McCain added about Trump: “He’s not been asked tough questions. He’s said he wants to deport 11 million people. How do you do that? He hasn’t answered that question. He said in the Middle East he would go, and quote, ‘take their oil.’ I’d like to know how you do that. I think the American people deserve an explanation.”

Not all of them want one — at least not yet. Trump and Carson both bombed interviews with Hew­itt — to no appreciable effect. In March, Carson appeared not to realize that the Baltic states were NATO members. Asked about the fumble, he explained that a president would have “access to a lot of experts in a lot of areas” and that he would not be stymied by gotcha questions. “You don’t want to devote all your attention to learning facts on a fact sheet,” he said. His standing has grown dramatically since then.

Trump, under more scrutiny, fared even worse. He’d previously told “Meet the Press” host Chuck Todd that his foreign policy advice came from watching Sunday talk shows and talking to national security hawks. Faced with Hewitt’s questions, Trump seemed to confuse Iran’s Quds forces for the decidedly non-Iranian Kurds, and he couldn’t describe the difference between Hezbollah and Hamas.

It was a disaster, compounded by Fiorina’s largely adroit answers to the same questions. Yet like every “disaster” of Trump’s summer, it did not halt his momentum; in poll after poll, he has held his position as front-runner of the Republican field since early July.

Hewitt, meanwhile, returned to his debate prep with some new thinking about how to really draw out the candidate.

“I don’t think those questions, quiz questions about knowledge, tell you anything about understanding,” Hewitt said. “Knowing names is dumb. That’s not necessary. I wish I had phrased my question to Trump as: ‘General Soleimani, who leads the Quds forces, is about to get $100 billion. What will the impact of that be?’ That’s what I wanted to ask, and it went off the rails.”

It’s true that Trump’s and Carson’s actual positions have been largely unexamined — and have remained room-shaking applause lines at his rallies. Trump offers audiences a vision of an America that’s always “winning,” that learned from the Iraq war (which he came out against 16 months after the invasion), that is ready to “take the oil” from conquered Islamic State territory.

“We’re going to have so many victories,” he told more than 10,000 people in Dallas on Monday, “at some point it’s going to be coming out of your ears!”

He offered no more detail Tuesday in Los Angeles when he delivered what was billed as a national security speech. “We’re going to make our military so big and so strong and so great — it’s going to be so powerful that no one is going to want to mess with us,” he said.

Carson has offered a lower-decibel version of the same idea, minus the oil seizures. At a rally last week in Anaheim, Calif., Carson said that some generals had told him that the Islamic State could be defeated easily if the military’s “hands aren’t tied.” In Anaheim, and at a later rally in a Houston suburb, Carson said he would oblige.

“I would use every resource, including financial resources, offensive and defense resources, covert and overt activities,” he said in Texas. “I would use everything possible not to contain them but to destroy them.”

For the people who study foreign policy and try to shape the national conversation, the simple answers from Carson and Trump are frustrating — yet totally understandable. The rise of the Islamic State has stoked panic among some conservative voters, but it has not defined their conversations. In the most recent Gallup poll, conducted in August, only 19 percent of voters listed a foreign policy issue as “the most important problem facing this country today.” Only 3 percent said, specifically, that the biggest problem was the Islamic State.

The GOP’s hawks have tried, with little success, to sober up the base. Former vice president Richard B. Cheney and his daughter Liz reemerged last week with a book, “Exceptional,” and an argument about how the party must rediscover its inner hawk. They sold 14,000 copies, according to Nielsen’s BookScan service.

Yet they were stymied by a problem bedeviling former Florida governor Jeb Bush’s White House bid: lingering ill will toward the administration of his brother, George W. Bush. Both Trump and Carson tell voters they are right to be skeptical of military adventures in the wake of the Iraq war. The debate about what a “serious” foreign policy may look like has been paused, and every other candidate wants to change that.

“We haven’t even begun the substance part of the campaign,” said Paul, who has fallen in most polls but will take part in the main debate. “It’s really been about celebrity and really sophomoric insults. I think the beginning of the decline of Trump is at hand, might have begun with Perry dropping out. The media and the voters may be starting to ask: ‘Oh, my goodness, we are promoting something bad for the country. Do we want someone this unserious in charge of our nuclear arsenal?”

Mike DeBonis in Washington contributed to this report.",1
1400,Carson threatens to leave Republican Party,"The retired neurosurgeon lashed out Friday morning at reports of a recent closed-door meeting of Republican establishment leaders focused on deep divisions within the GOP electorate, particularly the continued strength of billionaire businessman Donald Trump.

The Washington Post reported that the group, including Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, discussed the possibility of a ""brokered national convention"" if there isn't a clear winner in the party's months long primary election season.

""If this was the beginning of a plan to subvert the will of the voters and replace it with the will of the political elite, I assure you Donald Trump will not be the only one leaving the party,"" Carson said  in a statement that referenced Trump's repeated threats to leave the GOP if treated ""unfairly.""

""I pray that the report in the Post this morning was incorrect,"" Carson added. ""If it is correct, every voter who is standing for change must know they are being betrayed. I won't stand for it.""

The Republican National Committee did not immediately respond to questions about the meeting and Carson's threat.

A third-party run by Carson or Trump would be a nightmare scenario for the GOP. While Carson is slipping in recent polls, an independent bid that siphoned even a few percentage points away from the party's nominee could make it all but impossible for the Republican nominee to win the general election.

Spokesman Doug Watts said Carson was appalled at reports suggesting that Republican leaders were trying to manipulate the party's presidential nominating process. He acknowledged that Carson, like Trump and the rest of Republican field, signed a pledge not to launch a third-party bid.

""The pledge isn't meaningless,"" Watts said. ""But he signed the pledge based on everybody playing by the rules.""

",1
3663,Mass shootings appear to be spiraling out of control. Are they? (+video),"The San Bernardino attack Wednesday marked the 355th mass shooting of 2015. The question, which divides experts, is whether such shootings are on the rise or whether the public is more acutely aware of them.

Two women comfort each other near the scene of a shooting outside a Southern California social services center in San Bernardino, Calif., where 14 people were killed Dec. 2, 2015.

Responding to the mass shooting in San Bernardino, Calif., on Wednesday – the deadliest since the Newtown, Conn., school massacre three years ago – President Obama warned Americans that ""we should never think that this is something that just happens in the ordinary course of events.""

Unfortunately, the 355th shooting that involved four or more victims this year suggested that already may be the case: In 2015, such occurrences have averaged more than one a day. In fact, the San Bernardino attack was Wednesday's second mass shooting – the first was in Savannah, Georgia.

The immediate aftermath of the attack, which killed 14 people and injured 21, took on a familiar script, from the political rhetoric of the gun control debate to what some called empty calls for “thoughts and prayers.” Those reactions have become familiar during a span of two years in America when not a calendar week has gone by without an act of mass gun violence.

“We’ve reached a critical saturation point with these mass shootings, and that’s part of the numbness and confusion we feel,” says Ron Astor, a University of Southern California professor of social work who has studied mass violence for more than 30 years. “But it’s not like we’ve accepted [the level of violence]. The problem is, we haven’t figured out what to do with that moral outrage that we all have.”

Overall gun violence has declined, along with violent crime, over the past two decades. But the frequency with which mass shootings have been reported this year have led to perceptions that this one, particularly shocking, type of violence may be experiencing a surge. The question, which divides experts, is whether such shootings are, in fact, running above historical norms, or whether the public is simply more acutely aware of them, given the rise of social media and the 24-hour digital news cycle.

“The only increase has been in fear, and in the perception of an increase,” says James Alan Fox, a criminologist at Northeastern University, told The New York Times.

A lack of a common definition of what encompasses a mass incident complicates the ability of criminologists to reach a consensus on how much of an increase 2015’s tally represents – or what the historical average for mass shootings has been.

The FBI, in a report last year, counted 160 “active shooter” situations between 2000 and 2013, including the Sandy Hook school shooting in Connecticut; the Aurora, Colo., theater shooting; and the massacre at Fort Hood in Texas. Its findings suggested a steady increase in frequency, with a peak in 2010 of 26.

Research by Harvard University suggests that the frequency of mass shootings has increased threefold since 2011, based on a survey of news reports by the liberal-leaning Mother Jones magazine. That research looked at incidents in which the victims and shooter were strangers, and where the shooter killed four or more people. The Harvard researchers found that such shootings had occurred an average of every 200 days from 1982 to 2011. Since then, they've happened once every 64 days, on average.

But Professor Fox, co-author of “Extreme Killing,” slices the data differently. He says that by including situations where the shooter knows the victims – such as domestic or gang violence – the rate of annual mass shootings actually declined slightly from 2011 to 2014 when compared with the previous four years. (Addressing critiques that his method is flawed, Fox told Huffington Post that to those slain “it hardly matters whether they were killed in public or in a private home.”)

Two online databases that use news reports to track shootings where four or more are wounded or killed found that there have been 355 such shootings since January, spanning 221 cities and 47 states. That’s up from 337 mass shootings in 2014, according to one, shootingtracker.com. Those databases, which also include incidences of domestic and gang violence, were created in 2013 and differ from the FBI’s old definition of mass murder, which exclusively counted fatalities, making it difficult to compare historical trends.

Where criminologists do agree is that, similar to the awareness of killings of unarmed citizens by police that spiked after Michael Brown’s death in Ferguson, Mo., the public’s attention to such events has been heightened and led to a desire to take action – although there is no consensus on either side of the political aisle what such action should be.

“The extent that fear and anxiety increases, that may make it harder for us to come to some sort of resolution, because people feel a greater need to protect themselves, be armed or take defensive action or blame certain people and contain those people,” says Frankie Bailey, a criminologist at the State University of New York in Albany. “And at the same time, we’re dealing with competing perceptions of causation of what’s happening. And until we can agree on that, even though there’s a broader moral imperative to stop it, it’s difficult to find common ground for deciding how to deal with it.”

But in fact, says Mr. Astor, US cultural norms have shifted in other ways, specifically around the acceptance of violence. After all, he says, in just the past century, the US has eliminated lynching, reduced the number of police killed on the job, and dramatically decreased domestic violence.

And while media coverage has increased awareness, he argues that it hasn’t resulted in public apathy.

“Media coverage has, ironically, raised our intolerance for these kinds of events,” says Astor. “We already know through social science and religion that the way to get people to respond differently is to go against our instincts, to not only talk about [the perpetrator] and their motives, but to spend an inordinate amount of time on the totality of each of the victims and who they were. We move more to action if we actually feel more closely each of the individual lives that were lost.”

While the polarization surrounding the gun control debate has made political solutions difficult to attain, others also argue there are areas where progress can be made.

“There’s a sense of helplessness, but it’s in some ways misplaced,” says Jonathan Metzl, director of the Center for Medicine, Health and Society at Vanderbilt University, in Nashville, Tenn. “The fact is, we are going to have a very hard time, given our gun culture, stopping mass shootings. But that doesn’t mean that we can’t stem the tide of gun violence, because everyday gun violence is incredibly preventable.”

Correction: This article has been updated to change Ron Astor's title. He is a professor of social work at the University of Southern California.",1
5137,Is Hillary Clinton too big to indict? (+video),"Many see a double standard in the FBI's recommendation not to prosecute Hillary Clinton for her use of a personal email server. But some say there's good reason for that.

US Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has come under fire from the FBI for ""extremely careless"" handling of classified messages, which she kept on a personal server as Secretary of State.

Is Hillary Clinton too big to fail? In other words, does her status as the presumptive Democratic nominee for president protect her from criminal charges related to her use of a personal server for State Department communications?

That’s what top Republicans are saying in the wake of Tuesday’s announcement by Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey that the bureau won’t recommend prosecution of Mrs. Clinton for her handling of classified emails. It’s one reason why the GOP-controlled House will hold a hearing Thursday on the FBI’s decision.

That hearing could be a pivotal forum for Clinton’s foes. They’d like to portray the former secretary of State as the undeserving beneficiary of what presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump labels a “rigged system.”

After all, voters already give Clinton low marks for trustworthiness. Anything that reinforces that feeling could be good for the Trump campaign. Plus, it could keep the spotlight off Mr. Trump’s own controversies – at least, for a while. For Trump supporters, extending the period of Clinton’s troubles is now job one.

“This is one of the reasons why people are so dissatisfied, so upset about government. They think that people live by a different set of rules, and the Clintons, they take the candle on this one,” said House Speaker Paul Ryan during an appearance Tuesday on Megyn Kelly’s Fox News show.

Mr. Ryan and other Clinton critics say that the split nature of Director Comey’s press conference was disorienting.

At first, the FBI director listed what Clinton did wrong, noting among other things that on her private server she’d sent and received messages that were classified at the time. Her handling of secret material was “extremely careless,” Comey said.

It seemed as if he might be leading up to a recommendation that the Justice Department prosecute Clinton, after all.

And then he said, in essence, “never mind."" The agency would not urge the Justice Department to prosecute Clinton, he said. “No reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case,” according to Comey.

Why not? President Obama’s Justice Department has a history of pursuing officials who leak secrets, points out journalist Glenn Greenwald, who wrote some of the initial reports on classified information provided by ex-National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden. The Obama administration has brought more cases under the 1917-era Espionage Act than all previous administrations combined.

While the Snowden case hinged on massive leaks, many of these prosecutions didn’t. Former Central Intelligence Agency employee Jeffrey Alexander Sterling and former NSA executive Thomas Andrews Drake were both convicted of various charges related to small amounts of classified material.

“Had someone who was obscure and unimportant and powerless done what Hillary Clinton did – recklessly and secretly install a shoddy home server and worked with Top Secret information on it, then outright lied to the public about it when they were caught – they would have been criminally charged long ago, with little fuss or objection,” writes Mr. Greenwald at The Intercept.

Perhaps. Motivation is a factor here, however. Both Messrs. Sterling and Drake leaked information to reporters. (As did Mr. Snowden, obviously.) Clinton did not.

In Clinton’s case, there is no evidence of clear and willful mishandling of intelligence, or any inference of disloyalty to the United States, according to the FBI’s Comey. That’s a big reason why she wasn’t charged.

“In looking back at our investigations into the mishandling or removal of classified information, we cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges on these facts,” said Comey at his Tuesday press conference.

But wasn’t isn’t the same as couldn’t. Under federal law, it’s illegal to handle classified information with “gross negligence.” And Comey himself said that Clinton acted with “extreme carelessness.” Aren’t those phrases descriptions of pretty much the same thing?

They might be. However, Comey also emphasized that an examination of past cases played a large role in the FBI’s decision on Clinton. What that means, according to right-leaning Washington Post pundit Jennifer Rubin, is that the FBI did indeed think Clinton had violated federal law – but they could find no instances of anyone being prosecuted under the “gross negligence” standard. They weren’t about to set a new precedent and blow up US presidential politics in the bargain.

“We actually do require a high level of proof for prosecuting high government officials so as to avoid politicized harassment of public officials,” writes Ms. Rubin. “Call that a double standard of justice, but frankly it’s one with which investigators and prosecutors are very familiar.”

Rubin says this result will not satisfy everyone but might still be judicious. Comey’s description of Clinton’s actions regarding her email server was scathing. Many of her defenses have been exposed as untruths. Voters can now make up their own minds. It is not the fault of the FBI that Clinton’s electoral opponent is someone with even lower public approval ratings.",1
3404,McConnell: No lame duck confirmation,"In an interview with CNN's Dana Bash on ""State of the Union"" Sunday, the Kentucky Republican stuck by his stance that Obama's successor ought to fill the vacancy created by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia.

""I can't imagine that a Republican majority Congress in a lame duck session after the American people have spoken would want to confirm a nominee opposed by the NRA, the NFIB, and the New York Times says would move the court dramatically to the left,"" McConnell said. ""This nomination ought to be made by the next president.""

He also criticized Garland, arguing that opposition to his nomination from the National Rifle Association and the National Federation of Independent Businesses shows he's too liberal.

Asked if he's ruling out the possibility of a lame duck confirmation entirely, McConnell said: ""Yes.""

Democrats are prodding the GOP to give Garland a confirmation vote. Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid of Nevada called on Republicans to ""man up and do it now"" in an appearance on NBC's ""Meet the Press."" He also predicted that McConnell will back off his pledge not to give Garland a vote. ""Mitch McConnell has said a lot of things. But his Republican senators are not going to go over that cliff with him. They're not going to do it. As I told Merrick Garland, 'This is going to break. You're going to become a Supreme Court justice.' "" Reid added: ""And in addition to the people agreeing to meet, we have Republican senators and a veteran senator who said, 'Well maybe what we should do is do it in a lame duck.' Orrin Hatch, Lindsey Graham, others have said that. But if they're going to do it in lame duck, do it now."" The GOP's front-runner is currently Donald Trump -- but McConnell predicted Trump wouldn't be a drag on Republican candidates. ""All of those races will be run by candidates seeking to appeal to the voters in those states. Senate races are statewide races -- you can craft your own message for your own people,"" he said. Still, asked about the violence at Trump rallies, McConnell said candidates should encourage rally attendees to engage in ""peaceful discourse"" and that doing so ""would be a very important addition to the conversation.""",1
125,"In West Baltimore, some residents see rioting as a rational response to daily despair","Baltimore — When a few dozen members of the 300 Men March movement paraded somberly past William Stewart's West Baltimore stoop Tuesday afternoon, spreading their organization's message of peace and calm in matching black T-shirts, the 27-year-old rolled his eyes.

He begrudgingly returned their ""Peace, brother"" and ""How y'all doing?"" greetings. But he doesn't really agree with the stance the men who've dubbed themselves ""Baltimore's anti-violence movement"" — pleading for a stop to the violence and even physically separating protesters from police — have taken.

It's not that Stewart is completely for the riots that erupted Monday after the funeral of Freddie Gray, a 25-year-old black man who died on April 19 after suffering a spinal injury while in police custody. But his personal experiences with the police and general hopelessness about the way people like he and Gray — who he says was a neighborhood acquaintance — are treated won't let him be too strongly against them, either.

""Do I condone what they did? Hell no. Am I okay with it? Yes, I am.""

""At the end of the day I don't condone them setting stores on fire,"" he said from his perch just blocks from where Gray lived, in the city's Gilmor Homes (locals call it ""Gilmor Projects"") public housing development, on a dark street with faded multicolored rowhouses. ""But it got the point across. Do I condone what they did? Hell no. Am I okay with it? Yes, I am. Because at the end of the day, you mean to tell me it takes 3,000 people to go all around one town for the mayor and the president to say something about what goes on in Baltimore? It should have been happening for years.""

Stewart is one of the everyday people in West Baltimore who are invisible in the narrative that tends to pit the young people Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake called ""thugs"" and Obama called ""criminals"" against the ministers and civil rights leaders who've made desperate pleas at press conferences for ""positive change"" and ""working together."" Stewart and others like him see the story of Gray's death and the possibility that the officers will go unpunished as utterly predictable. They may not have participated in or celebrated the violence — the looting, the setting fires, the destruction of local businesses — but they're acutely aware that these things are exactly what forced a flood of national news outlets to show up where they live. Their real despair over the all-too-familiar topic of police misconduct means that the riots, to them, were understandable. And even, in some ways, right.

""Y'all mad at the police! I know! I get it!"" a middle-aged woman with a scarf wrapped around her dreadlocks shouted into the mic at a West Baltimore block party when it was her speak from atop a box that served as a makeshift stage. In fact, just about everyone gets it: among black people in West Baltimore, there's simply no question about whether grievances with the police are legitimate.

This problem is well documented. The Baltimore Sun reported last September that the city has shelled out more than $5 million in the past four years in lawsuits accusing police officers of assaulting citizens — most of whom were African-American and almost all of whom were ultimately cleared of criminal charges. The article chronicles outrageous brutality against victims including a 15-year-old boy, a pregnant woman, and a 65-year-old church deacon.

""Rough rides"" — when police vans are driven recklessly, sometimes seriously injuring passengers who are handcuffed and not wearing seat belts — are common enough that the Sun reported police have multiple alternative nicknames for the practice, including ""screen test"" and ""bringing them up front.""

In response to the Sun's investigation into brutality lawsuits, Deputy Commissioner Jerry Rodriguez, who leads the department's Professional Standards and Accountability Bureau, told the paper that officers are mandated to police in a manner that doesn't violate constitutional rights. ""We will not let officers get away with any wrongdoing,"" Rodriguez told the Sun in 2014. ""It will not be tolerated.""

The people who are living it, though, don't talk about ""wrongdoing."" They don't talk about ""police misconduct,"" or use phrases like ""a few bad policemen"" or ""racially biased policing"" that you hear in media accounts of what's become a regular national story since Michael Brown was killed by police officer Darren Wilson in Ferguson, Missouri, last August. When they complain, they usually just say ""the police"" — suggesting that in their minds, lawless, cruel treatment is not a recent plague or a problem with a few bad apples, but rather a permanent characteristic of the entire department's identity.

A 45-year-old woman hovering half behind the screen door of a rowhouse just across from the Gilmor Homes, who didn't want to give her last name, shot nervous glances at her 23-year-old son, who sat visiting a friend in front of the house two doors down. ""I worry about him every day, about something happening to him. [Freddie Gray] could have been mine. It could have been anyone's child,"" she said, adding, ""I'm as worried about something happening to him with the police as I am about anyone else. It doesn't matter who you are. They think we're all the same. ""

Stewart, who remembered Gray as a ""nice kid"" and a ""totally regular guy who never hurt anyone"" said he himself could have easily been the one with the deadly spinal cord injury after an encounter with officers.  ""That's how they treat us,"" he said. ""They'll beat the shit out of you and lock you up. I've been arrested unjustly plenty of times.""

His neighbor, a 27-year-old named Melvin who only wanted to give his first name, called the Baltimore City Police Department ""the biggest gang out here.""

He ticked off their tactics rather casually: ""They've slapped my face for nothing ... they take us to other districts, just to get us beat up. They'll drop you somewhere far from where you live and leave you; they'll take the battery out of your phone... We're talking years and years of this shit. People's fed up with it.""

The consensus that this experience is so commonplace — that being antagonized by the police without any remedy is simply part of life for black people in certain parts of Baltimore — is jarring.  ""I haven't met a young person in their teenage years who hasn't been harassed,"" said Noche Dias, a 26-year-old youth organizer from New York City who traveled to Baltimore after Gray's death. ""I've talked to mothers who have told me their sons were killed by police, and everyone says they've been treated like a criminal. Everyone.""

Baltimore's mostly young protestors who were blamed for multiple police injuries and looting Monday night — police were also caught on video throwing rocks back at them — have been dismissed as everything from wholly irrational to purely criminal.

By the end of the night, police said 20 officers were injured and over two dozen people were arrested. A CVS drugstore and a senior center had been destroyed by fire. The National Guard was called in, a state of emergency was declared in the city, Baltimore public schools were closed, and a weeklong curfew was put in place.

An earlier statement by Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake appeared to have been ignored. ""It is idiotic to think that by destroying your city, you're going to make life better for anybody,"" she'd said Saturday, as the protests first became violent. ""Too many people have spent generations building up this city for it to be destroyed by thugs who, in a very senseless way, are trying to tear down what so many have fought for.""

At a press conference Tuesday, Obama echoed these sentiments, saying rioters should be ""treated as criminals"" and accusing them not only distracting from ""multiple days of peaceful protests that were focused on entirely legitimate concerns,"" but of being wholly counterproductive. ""They're destroying and undermining opportunities and businesses in their own communities,"" he said.

But according to Mark D. Smaller, the president of the American Psychoanalytic Association, the psychology of rioting means it shouldn't be written off quite so easily as pointless destruction. ""These groups can become the vehicle for expressing anger, rage and helplessness,"" he said in an email to Vox. ""One must keep in mind that this behavior is not simply random, but a group or community's way of communicating their frustration at chronically not being listened to, responded to, and finally marginalized.""

Raphael Blake, 40, who was walking somberly alone through Tuesday's block party, sees riots as more than random. That's why, he said, while the violence saddens him, the protesters have good reason to be skeptical of the refrain of political and religious leaders — and people like the members of the 300 Men March group — that the youth must calm down and look for peaceful solutions.

""If you protest peacefully, they don't give a shit""

""You want to ‘sit down and compromise and talk,' but about what? These mayors, these preachers, they're trying to sugarcoat it, but the youth don't want to hear that shit, 'cause they're rubbing elbows with the oppressors. The kids might not understand the policy and politics exactly, but they understand what's happening to them. They might as well shut down the system,"" he said with a shrug. ""They're already set up.""

Stewart said his personal experience — and his disappointment with the recommended peaceful approach — won't allow him to criticize those who took the response to Gray's death in a more destructive direction. ""I was one of the ones who started the peaceful protests ... the first seven days [after Gray's death], when it was fine and dandy. I walked about 101 miles in peace. But if you protest peacefully, they don't give a shit,"" he said.

Some even see the riots as rational. According to Heather Gautney, associate professor in Fordham University's department of sociology and author of Protest and Organization in the Alternative Globalization Era, this analysis makes some sense. ""Critics of the rioters claim there are alternative, more rational means of making social change and realizing justice, but what are these means?"" she asked. ""The rioters in Baltimore and elsewhere know that the chances of making change within the system are few — that the system has turned against them — so they react with rage, a sense of abandon and revenge, and desire to tear it down and start anew.""

""Why would you destroy your own neighborhood?"" is a question that rang out on cable news as cameras recorded protesters destroying parts of Ferguson last summer, and again as buildings burned in Baltimore Monday. The implication is that the destruction and violence is a meaningless, illogical response — hurting one's own neighborhood to protest the actions of outsiders. But Gautney said it's wrong to paint all riots as irrational outbursts. ""Riots like the ones we are seeing in Baltimore, and before that in Los Angeles in 1992, should be viewed as rational responses to injustice,"" she said. ""Riots highlight the injustice and violence that's prevalent in impoverished neighborhoods in this country.""

And Stewart — as someone who lives in one of those neighborhoods — can see how that could make the destruction ultimately worth it. ""The CVS? They got insurance, they can rebuild. Freddie Gray had insurance, but it's not gonna bring back his life.""

The potential to highlight injustice is why Paul, a 50-year-old born and raised in Baltimore who initially dismissed this week's looting with a resigned, ""It's teenagers. What are you gonna do?"" said that when he saw the destruction to his community, it didn't particularly hurt him. ""It was coming,"" he said. ""They probably think this is gonna end up in the history books because they caused this ruckus. And you know what? They may be right.""",1
2641,DOJ will not prosecute former Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson,"The Justice Department announced Wednesday that it will not prosecute former Ferguson, Mo., police officer Darren Wilson in the shooting death of an unarmed black 18-year-old, while also releasing a report faulting the city and its law enforcement for racial bias.

In the criminal investigation, federal officials concluded Wilson's actions ""do not constitute prosecutable violations under the applicable federal criminal rights statute.""

Specifically, the DOJ said there was ""no evidence"" to disprove Wilson's testimony that he feared for his safety, nor was there reliable evidence that Michael Brown had his hands up when he was shot.

The report said: ""Although there are several individuals who have stated that Brown held his hands up in an unambiguous sign of surrender prior to Wilson shooting him dead, their accounts do not support a prosecution of Wilson.‎ As detailed throughout this report, some of those accounts are inaccurate because they are inconsistent with the physical and forensic evidence; some of those accounts are materially inconsistent with that witness's own prior statements with no explanation, credible or otherwise, as to why those accounts changed over time.""

The decision in the Aug. 9 shooting had been expected, in part because of the high legal standard needed for a federal civil rights prosecution. Wilson, who has said Brown struck him in the face and reached for his gun during a tussle, also had been cleared by a Missouri grand jury in November and later resigned from the department.

But the DOJ, in its evaluation of the police department itself, said blacks in Ferguson are disproportionately subject to excessive police force, baseless traffic stops and citations for infractions as petty as walking down the middle of the street.

The report also cited ""evidence of racial bias"" in emails by Ferguson officials. They included one April 2011 email that ""depicted President Barack Obama as a chimpanzee""

Attention now turns to Ferguson as the city confronts how to fix racial biases that the federal government says are deeply rooted in the police department, court and jail.

""Now that our investigation has reached its conclusion, it is time for Ferguson’s leaders to take immediate, wholesale and structural corrective action,"" Attorney General Eric Holder said Wednesday.

Holder said the Justice Department had two sets of immediate recommendations: increased civilian involvement in police decision-making and police misconduct allegations, and changes to the municipal court system, including modifications to bond amounts and detention procedures, an end to the use of arrest warrants as a means of collecting owed fines and fees, and compliance with due process requirements.

Similar federal investigations of troubled police departments have led to the appointment of independent monitors and mandated overhauls in the most fundamental of police practices. The Justice Department maintains the right to sue a police department if officials balk at making changes, though many investigations resolve the issue with both sides negotiating a blueprint for change known as a consent decree.

""It's quite evident that change is coming down the pike. This is encouraging,"" said John Gaskin III, a St. Louis community activist. ""It's so unfortunate that Michael Brown had to be killed. But in spite of that, I feel justice is coming.""

Others said the federal government's findings confirmed what they had long known and should lead to change in the police department leadership.

Brown's killing set off weeks of protests and initiated a national dialogue about police use of force and their relations with minority communities.

The findings of the investigation, which began weeks after Brown's killing last August, were released as Holder prepares to leave his job following a six-year tenure that focused largely on civil rights. The report is based on interviews with police leaders and residents, a review of more than 35,000 pages of police records and analysis of data on stops, searches and arrests.

Fox News' Jake Gibson and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4614,"Pain, anger and fear: US voters deprived of a serious presidential election","The steak and eggs had just been served at Davie’s Chuck Wagon Diner, in the suburbs of Denver, when the discussion turned to conspiracy.

“They’re gonna steal the election,” said Charlene Hardcastle, a nurse in a “Colorado Women for Trump” T-shirt. “I think we’ve all seen that on the internet.”

There were nods and murmurs of agreement from the assembled Republican activists.

This was not so much a campaign to elect Donald Trump – it was an effort, in Hardcastle’s words, to “shake the foundations of democracy” should Hillary Clinton be declared the winner.

“We can get out the vote as much as we want, but if they recalibrate that voting machine, it’s like – forget it,” she said.

That was three months ago, the first of dozens of times I would hear similar complaints as I traveled the country with my colleague Tom Silverstone filming the Guardian’s Anywhere But Washington series, a 4,500-mile trip to eight mostly battleground states.

Trump has fueled talk of a rigged election in the final weeks of the campaign, but the loss of faith in America’s political system has been brewing for years and bestrides both sides of the political system.

Recently a Bernie Sanders supporter cornered me in a cafe in Tucson, Arizona, to explain how she believed voting machines controlled by Dick Cheney awarded Clinton an additional 3 million votes in the Democratic primary.

If there’s a single theme to emerge from my encounters in states as varied as Maine, Wisconsin and Nevada, it is abject disillusionment: a feeling everywhere that the country has been deprived of a serious election.

Instead of a conventional campaign, voters feel they have witnessed a Netflix political drama, an outlandish plot consisting of a Republican who is a former reality TV host, and unmasked as a sexual predator, and a Democrat who, courtesy of an aide’s husband’s sexting habit, cannot shake the shadow of an FBI investigation.

This is not politics – it is entertainment. The tragedy is that while America has been binge-watching this made-for-TV spectacle, many have failed to notice how this election has shifted the ground beneath their feet.

There are few places where the political landscape is turning to quicksand as quickly as McDowell, the poorest county in West Virginia.

A forlorn place dotted with shuttered coalmines and abandoned homes, McDowell was once a Democratic heartland but is quickly shifting allegiance – Barack Obama won there in 2008, but Mitt Romney took it by a wide margin in 2012.

This year, it was the county in which Trump won his highest percentage of primary votes. There are more than 3,000 counties in the US – none voted for Trump as overwhelmingly as McDowell, where he secured 91.5% of the vote.

How can it be that a tax-avoiding billionaire who flies around in a gold-plated private jet is most popular in a place where more than half the population lives off donations from a food bank?



One reason is that there is hope in his promise – dismissed by energy experts as unrealistic – to revive a coalmining industry that is no longer profitable. “We’re going to put the miners back to work,” he promised 12,000 people at a rally in West Virginia days before the state’s primary. “We’re going to get those mines open.”

But the roots of Trump’s popularity in places such as this precede his candidacy; indeed, they have been decades in the making.

Democrats in McDowell have lost faith in their party, which has run the local government their entire lives and controlled the White House for most of the past quarter-century.

“It’s our own fault,” said Martin West, the local sheriff, a Democrat who will vote for Trump. “You keep voting for people that never come to assist you.”

The combined presidencies of Bill Clinton and Obama have done little to arrest soaring inequality in America, and some would argue both presidents accelerated it.



The situation in McDowell, by almost every measure, has gotten progressively worse throughout that period.

Life expectancy – the starkest gauge of all – has declined continually since 1981. The high rate of suicide and the impact of the opioid epidemic have combined to put McDowell’s rates of mortality on par with Ethiopia.

“None of us are that blind to think that Trump is going to save all of us,” said Brian Harrison, a coalminer who switched from Democrat to Republican eight years ago. “But at least there’s some hope.”

He added of Trump: “I think he’s more for the working person than Hillary is.”

There is evidence of blue-collar Democrats fleeing to Trump this election in other pockets of the industrial rust belt, including battleground states such as Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan and New Hampshire.



Clinton still looks poised to win those states, all of which Obama won in 2008 and 2012. But even if Trump loses these places, his candidacy has peeled back the bandage to reveal Democratic heartlands reeling from industrial decline.

Democrats might reassure themselves that Trump’s populist candidacy will not be easily repeated – that no conventional Republican will abandon free-market principles, as the real estate mogul has done, to embrace protectionist trade policy.

But Trump’s appeal in parts of the country where manufacturing jobs have been outsourced overseas is not always connected to his specific opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership or denunciation of China’s currency manipulation.

Many voters just seem to appreciate his acknowledgment that towns and cities that were once booming are now in decay.

“People don’t understand trade policies,” said José Arroyo, who has been working with the United Steelworkers to stem the exodus of Democratic voters around Youngstown, an Ohio city surrounded by abandoned, crumbling factories.

“What they do understand is that they used to work at a place that paid them $80,000 a year, and now they’re working two jobs to make $30,000 a year.”

Ohio is one of the Obama states that Trump does look likely to win, in part through his appeal in places such as Youngstown to white, working-class voters without a college degree who previously identified as Democrats.

“I used to call myself and others robot voters,” said Leo Conway, a union worker and Democrat voting Republican for the first time in his life. “It’s the definition of insanity,” he said of his previous party loyalty. “You keep putting the same people in the same job and expect a different outcome.”

I met Conway at a Republican picnic in Ohio’s Mahoning County, known as ground zero for these crossover voters. But he was not drawn to Trump’s economic message so much as his muscular military rhetoric and his anti-establishment appeal. In fact, barely anyone mentioned the area’s industrial decline, which was most acute in the 1980s.

Instead, I heard people complain that illegal immigration is out of control, law and order is unraveling in the inner cities and government assistance is creating a lazy, welfare-dependent underclass.

There is often a racial connotation to all of these grievances, one that Trump has exploited, sometimes explicitly, but more often than not through an ugly brand of dog-whistle politics that has stoked racial tensions.

Those surfaced during my interview with Trump’s local campaign chair, Kathy Miller, who was forced to resign when we broadcast her comments.

“If you’re black and you haven’t been successful in the last 50 years, it’s your own fault,” Miller said. “You had all the advantages and didn’t take advantage of it. It’s not our fault, certainly.”



“I don’t think there was any racism until Obama got elected,” she added. “We never had problems like this.”

Eight years after the election of the first black president, some have framed Trump’s rise as some sort of “backlash” by a silent majority of mostly white men who resent their fading political power.

There could be some merit to that analysis, but there seems to me an equal if not greater counterweight from the many people who feel offended and even threatened by the Republican nominee.

Most of America is not in decay, and its increasingly diverse population creates a built-in advantage to any Democrat seeking the White House.

The challenge for Clinton was always going to be reconvening the broad coalition of millennials, college-educated voters and minorities that twice helped elect Obama.

Clinton, hamstrung by controversy, especially over her use of a private email server for government business, has struggled to articulate a positive vision of the future that could inspire these voters.

The conversations I have had in supermarkets, churches and county fairs have made plain that while many voters see Trump as an almost comical liability, their concerns with Clinton take a more somber tone.

She has frequently been described to me as untrustworthy, corrupt and uncaring, the epitome of a rotten political establishment.

I’ve seen neighborhoods across America, from the affluent suburbs of Waukesha, Wisconsin, to Denver’s sprawling suburbs, where well-kept lawns are dotted with “Hillary for Prison” yard signs.

“That’s where she belongs,” said Bob Howe, who had one such sign outside his hunting lodge in Maine. “Frigging lying, cheating, thieving.”

In the face of such distrust, Clinton’s greatest asset has turned out to be her opponent, the only major presidential candidate in modern history who has been more unpopular than her.



Trump’s extraordinary campaign has scrambled the electorate, winning unusual allies while giving many of the people I met a reason to vote.

There was the woman in an Ohio restaurant who showed me a picture of her two-year-old son who is partially deaf and has cerebral palsy.



Her voice shook and her eyes welled with tears as she recounted the rage she felt watching Trump mocking a disabled person on TV. “I’m not a violent person,” she said. “But I just felt like strangling him.”

There was the barber in Milwaukee, a city reeling from a succession of police shootings of black men, offended by Trump’s claim African Americans like him have “nothing to lose”. “We have a lot more to lose,” he said, shaking his head. “Our lives.”

And there are the many people like Carmela Perez, a Mexican American who has raised seven children in a mobile home on the outskirts of Las Vegas and has dedicated the past four months to electing Clinton.

If the polls are correct, it is people like her – Latinos and women – who are poised to support the Democratic nominee in record numbers this election.

Perez took a leave of absence from her job washing dishes at the MGM casino to join Clinton’s army of ground operatives in Nevada after she heard the Republican nominee insult Mexicans.

She said Trump’s comments about women steeled her determination, canvassing for Clinton six days a week in the desert heat. By election day, she will have knocked on 5,000 doors.

“For me, this is personal,” Perez said. “I feel very offended, wounded. He stabbed me in my guts.”

No billionaire owner, no shareholders. Just independent, investigative reporting that fights for the truth, whatever the cost. Why not support it? Become a Guardian US member for $49 a year, or make a contribution.",1
2245,"After Kim Davis is jailed, marriage license issued","(CNN) With the clerk who had refused them in jail, William Smith Jr. and James Yates on Friday morning became the first same-sex couple to receive a marriage license in Rowan County, Kentucky.

In what was their sixth attempt this summer, Smith and Yates pressed through a throng of reporters and picked up the marriage license they'd been seeking since the U.S. Supreme Court legalized same-sex marriage in June

They emerged holding hands shortly after the courthouse opened at 8 a.m., as opponents booed and supporters cheered and chanted, ""Love wins!""

""We're just really ... happy right now to finally get married and have it recognized here,"" Yates, who proposed to Smith this summer after a 10-year relationship, said shortly before getting the license.

But County Clerk Kim Davis sent word from the county jail that she considers marriage licenses void unless she approves them, according to her lawyer, Mat Staver.

""They are not worth the paper they are written on,"" he said at a Friday afternoon press conference after visiting Davis in jail.

A federal judge ordered her to jail Thursday, ruling she was in contempt of court for refusing to issue the licenses and not allowing her deputies to distribute them for her.

U.S. District Judge David Bunning said Davis would remain behind bars until she complies. Five of her deputies agreed Thursday to issue marriage licenses in her absence, allowing Smith and Yates -- and any other couple -- to pick theirs up Friday.

How long will Davis stay in jail?

Staver said Davis has no plans to resign and would remain in jail until a compromise is reached. He said his client would be willing to issue licenses if her name and title were not on them.

Davis' husband, Joe, told reporters Friday that his wife was willing to stay in jail until that proposed compromise happened.

""As long as it takes,"" Joe Davis said. ""Hopefully (Kentucky Gov. Steve) Beshear will have the guts to do his job.""

Staver also criticized Beshear on Friday, saying, ""She is incarcerated not because of anything she's done but because of what the governor has failed to do.""

He said the governor could issue an executive order to solve the problem.

The state legislature could pass a law removing clerks' names from the licenses, but it won't be in session until January.

Beshear said this week he won't call lawmakers for a special session to deal with the issue, adding that to do so would cost ""hundreds of thousands of dollars of taxpayers' money.""

Beshear on Thursday welcomed the news that Davis' deputies agreed to issue the licenses.

""The future of the Rowan County Clerk continues to be a matter between her and the courts. Deputy clerks have said they will commence issuing marriage licenses beginning (Friday),"" he said. ""It appears that the citizens of Rowan County will now have access to all the services from the clerk's office to which they are entitled.""

But American Civil Liberties Union attorneys contended Davis has no legal basis to avoid performing her duties as a government clerk.

A federal prosecutor said it was time for Davis and her county to comply.

""Government officials are free to disagree with the law, but not disobey it,"" U.S. Attorney Kerry B. Harvey said in a statement. ""The county clerk has presented her position through the federal court system, all of the way to the U.S. Supreme Court. It is time for the clerk and the ccunty to follow the law.""

""Her good faith belief is simply not a viable defense,"" Bunning said.

Jailing was 'not what everyone was hoping for'

Staver, founder of Liberty Counsel, which represented Davis, said he was stunned by Thursday's ruling ordering Davis to jail.

""Knowing Kim Davis and her strong Christian resolve and convictions, she may be jailed behind bars, but her conscience remains free,"" he told CNN's ""The Lead with Jake Tapper"" on Thursday.

Yates, who received the marriage license with Smith on Friday, said he, too, was shocked by Davis' jailing.

""That's not what everyone was hoping for,"" Yates said, adding that same-sex marriage supporters were instead hoping Davis would be fined or that she would resign. ""It was a shock, but there have been so many things that we didn't anticipate.""

Daniel Canon, an attorney who was working with the ACLU on the case against Davis, said his clients had not asked for Davis to be jailed. But now that she is, he said, there should be ""some assurance that Ms. Davis is not going to continue to impose her religious beliefs.""

Ryan Anderson, a senior research fellow at the Heritage Foundation, a Washington-based conservative think tank, said the state legislature should remove clerks' names from the licenses as Davis has asked.

""Hopefully she'll get out of jail because the state of Kentucky will realize that there are compromises we can reach that will protect both the rights of gays and lesbians to receive marriage licenses and the rights of someone like Kim Davis not to have her name on that marriage license,"" he said.

Anderson acknowledged that Davis could resign, but he said she shouldn't have to.

""We have a rich history in the United States of accommodating conscientious objectors,"" Anderson said. ""Kentucky accommodates conscientious objectors for other types of licensings. ... The question should be: If we can accommodate someone, why shouldn't we?""

Beshear, the governor, says he has no power to remove Davis from office.

Smith said the license denials had taken an emotional toll. During the fifth and final time he and Yates were rejected, people were protesting against them outside the courthouse, he said.

""We had our hearts broken. That's upsetting enough, and you come out the door and they start cheering and clapping, and I just started crying. I couldn't stop for a while -- I was pretty upset,"" Smith said.

The couple looked wary as journalists surrounded them as they left the courthouse Friday. One said he didn't anticipate being the first to get the license, but instead believed two other couples had intended to arrive before them.

They said they were happy and elated before asking reporters to make way so they could leave.

Davis said she's a different person since becoming a Christian 4½ years ago.

""I am not perfect,"" she said in a statement. ""No one is. But I am forgiven.""

Staver said Davis occupies a cell by herself. She slept well the first night and has been studying the Bible, he said.

""She has a clean conscience even though she's incarcerated behind these bars,"" he said.",1
3033,Place your bets now. How much does someone’s world view predict their other attitudes?,"Dan Kahan and his team at the Yale Law School’s Cultural Cognition project have been doing a bunch of research recently on:

That’s of obvious interest to Monkey Cage readers and students of politics more generally. To what extent are our attitudes on hot-button issues simple products of our political leanings?

The question is important because political decisions are in part driven by public opinion. The answer can’t be simple. We know that the correlations between issue attitudes, partisanship, and ideology have changed over time. For example, conservatives are more likely than liberals and moderates to believe that vaccines cause autism.

Our beliefs about science and ideology are themselves often rigid. One trick that Kahan uses to shake us up is what he calls the MAPKIA (Make a prediction, know it all!) challenge, in which he describes an experiment on public opinion, but without revealing the results, and then asks the reader to guess what will happen.

For his latest MAPKIA challenge, Kahan brings up a question from a 2015 Pew Research survey on Public and Scientists’ Views on Science and Society. Here’s the survey item:

How powerfully (if at all) will responses to the Pew Malthusian Worldview item predict beliefs and attitudes toward technological and environmental risks like climate change, fracking, nuclear power, and GM foods? Will it be a stronger predictor than political partisanship? Will responses interact with — or essentially amplify — the explanatory power of political ideology and party identification? What will the relationship be between the Malthusian Worldview item and science literacy? Will responses be correlated with it — and if so in which direction? Will higher science literacy magnify the correlation between responses to the Malthusian Worldview and opposing perceptions of environmental and technological risks, just as higher science comprehension magnifies cultural polarization on climate change, nuclear power, fracking, and the like?

If you’re interested in political polarization and attitudes toward science and policy, this is a great question. And as Kahan writes, “Perhaps my framing of the question implies an answer. But if you think I have one, then obviously mine could be wrong!”

As sociologist Duncan Watts has written, everything is obvious (once you know the answer). That’s why it’s a good exercise to commit first on this one before learning the answer.

Here’s an example from the Monkey Cage a couple of years ago of researchers who jumped to conclusion about public opinion which turned out not to be borne out by the data. As I wrote at the time:

[Alfred Moore, Joseph Parent and Joseph Uscinski] write, “When science means nuclear weapons, innovation and winning the space race, conservatives love it.” Actually, when I last looked at the data, I found that “support for the space program does not seem particularly associated with conservative or Republican positions.” There is indeed a logic to the idea that conservatives should support the space program (see my last paragraph here) but the data don’t seem to bear this out. My quick understanding of this is that political ideologies are interesting but ultimately you can’t make sense of them: any given person’s views are a tangle with many possibilities.

To return to the Malthusian worldview challenge: My point here is that political ideology and issue attitudes are tangled. Attitudes are not always carefully thought through, nor are they the pure product of political ideology or partisanship.

The Malthusian worldview seems like it might be a proxy for a simple liberal/conservative dimension, at least in the United States, but maybe it aligns with other aspects of people’s worldviews. In this post, I’m purposely not giving the answer (or, to be precise, I’m not giving data that would address this question) but am rather following Kahan by leaving it unresolved, to remind us of the uncertainty we should hold before seeing hard data on the relevant public opinion questions.",1
3849,The joke was that Obama wasn’t joking,"The White House Correspondents' Dinner has become a strange event. It is, ostensibly, an evening when the president and the press can come together to share a few lighthearted laughs. But it's evolved into a recital of brutal truths — albeit one neither side ever really admits happened.

The joke of President Obama's performance on Saturday was that he wasn't joking. Everyone just had to pretend he was. Take this section, from the official White House transcript:

The tip-off there is, ""It's the right thing to do."" That's not a joke. That's Obama's actual justification for the aggressive executive actions of his second term — ""fuck it, it's the right thing to do."" But the norms of politics are such that he typically has to frame his actions as routine, dull, even necessary. He has to search for precedent and downplay the consequences.

It's only on the evening of the White House Correspondents' Dinner when he can say what everyone already knows: his actions are huge, they are controversial, they push the norms of American politics, but fuck it, at a moment when American politics seems increasingly broken, Obama has decided to just go ahead and do what he thinks is right.

Then there was this line:

It's funny, sure. But he's not kidding. It's just the thing Obama can't usually say. The humor is in the shock of him actually saying it.

But the place where Obama stopped being polite and started getting real was when he brought out Luther, his personal anger translator. This was, itself, a way of giving up the game. The Luther joke comes from the Comedy Central sketch show Key and Peele, and the point of it is that Obama, as the first black president, is not allowed to express his anger, as America is terrified of angry black men. And so he's got Luther — the angry black man who can say what he can't.

On Key and Peele, though, it really is a joke. Key plays Luther. Peele plays Obama. It's two comedians commenting on race and politics. But at the White House Correspondents' Dinner, the whole point was that the joke isn't a joke at all. It was Key playing Luther, but it was Obama playing Obama. Obama's anger translator was actually translating for Obama, working off a script that had to be approved by Obama. And so when Luther spoke, now he really was speaking for Obama:

THE PRESIDENT: In our fast-changing world, traditions like the White House Correspondents’ Dinner are important. LUTHER: I mean, really, what is this dinner? (Laughter.) And why am I required to come to it? (Laughter.) Jeb Bush, do you really want to do this? (Laughter.) THE PRESIDENT: Because despite our differences, we count on the press to shed light on the most important issues of the day. LUTHER: And we can count on Fox News to terrify old white people with some nonsense! (Laughter.) ""Sharia law is coming to Cleveland. Run for the damn hills!"" (Laughter.) Y’all, it’s ridiculous. (Laughter.) THE PRESIDENT: We won’t always see eye to eye. LUTHER: Oh, and CNN, thank you so much for the wall-to-wall Ebola coverage. For two whole weeks, we were one step away from the Walking Dead. (Laughter.) And then you all got up and just moved on to the next day. That was awesome. Oh, and by the way, just if you haven’t noticed, you don’t have Ebola! (Laughter.) THE PRESIDENT: But I still deeply appreciate the work that you do. LUTHER: Y'all remember when I had that big, old hole in the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico and then I plugged it? Remember that? Which ""Obama’s Katrina"" was that one? Was that 19? Or was it 20? Because I can’t remember. (Laughter.)

There are no jokes there. There's just Obama saying what he has to say and Luther saying what Obama actually believes.

And what Obama believes is that the press is often sensational, trivial, and fearmongering. He thinks they hype negative stories for weeks on end and then refuse to admit their mistake when the horror fizzles. He thinks he gets the blame for catastrophes but little credit for solutions. He thinks the media has a deep bias toward negative stories (which, of course, we do).

But if Obama is annoyed at the press, he is appalled at Republicans who deny climate change — and are trying to block him from taking action to stop climate change. Obama believes global warming a generational threat, and so when he sees James Inhofe, the chair of the Senate's Committee on Environment and Public Works, throwing snowballs on the chamber's floor, well, his thoughts on that would likely be seen as unpresidential if he gave them voice.

Except on the night of the White House Correspondents' Dinner:

THE PRESIDENT: The science is clear. Nine of the ten hottest years ever came in the last decade. LUTHER: Now, I’m not a scientist, but I do know how to count to 10. (Laughter.) LUTHER: We’ve got mosquitos. Sweaty people on the train, stinking it up. It’s just nasty. (Laughter.) THE PRESIDENT: I mean, look at what’s happening right now. Every serious scientist says we need to act. The Pentagon says it’s a national security risk. Miami floods on a sunny day, and instead of doing anything about it, we’ve got elected officials throwing snowballs in the Senate! LUTHER: Okay, Mr. President. Okay, I think they’ve got it, bro. THE PRESIDENT: It is crazy! What about our kids? What kind of stupid, shortsighted, irresponsible bull -- (Laughter and applause.) LUTHER: All due respect, sir. You don’t need an anger translator. (Laughter.) You need counseling.

So the joke here was that Obama is so angry about the Republican Party's climate denialism that he even managed to scare his anger translator. This isn't a joke. It's just Obama's opinion, delivered with a fury that's rarely allowed in American politics.

Read these sentences again: ""Every serious scientist says we need to act. The Pentagon says it's a national security risk. Miami floods on a sunny day, and instead of doing anything about it, we've got elected officials throwing snowballs in the Senate!"" Is there a single one of them that you think Obama doesn't believe? He gets right up to the first syllable of calling it ""bullshit."" But since he said it at the White House Correspondents' Dinner, he can just say he's kidding, even though everyone knows he's not kidding in the least.

To paraphrase Bruce Banner, Obama's secret is he's always angry, at least about this stuff — but the White House Correspondents' Dinner is the only weekend of the year in which he's allowed to show it, because the press has promised, for that one day of the year, to pretend they didn't notice.",1
2608,Netanyahu warns that nuclear deal ‘paves Iran’s path’ to a bomb,"Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu forcefully argued against a nuclear deal with Iran, telling a joint meeting of Congress on Tuesday that such an agreement would have the opposite effect of what the international community intends because it would effectively supply Iran with the means to produce a nuclear weapon.

The agreement being negotiated “doesn’t block Iran’s path to the bomb; it paves Iran’s path to the bomb,” Netanyahu said. “So why would anyone make this deal?”

Netanyahu's speech generated a swirl of controversy before it was even delivered and laid bare fissures between the prime minister and the Obama administration. Netanyahu used the address to paint Iran as a sponsor of terrorism that is aggressively marching across the Middle East and would exploit a deal to satisfy its own nuclear ambitions.

Netanyahu said the country's ""tentacles of terror"" pose a ""grave threat"" to Israel and the world. The prime minister expressed his concerns about enriched uranium and Iranian nuclear research and development, as well as his worries about the approach taken to the international nuclear talks.

""This is a bad deal. A very bad deal. We are better off without it,"" he said. ""Why should Iran’s radical regime change for the better when it can enjoy the best of both worlds? Aggression abroad, prosperity at home?""

He was greeted with raucous applause in the House chamber and was interrupted numerous times by standing ovations.

“We must all stand together to stop Iran’s march of conquest, subjugation and terror,"" he said, asserting that Iran and the Islamic State are ""competing for the crown of militant Islam.""

[The complete transcript of Netanyahu's address to Congress]

Meanwhile, Secretary of State John F. Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif were talking in Geneva on Tuesday ahead of a March 24 deadline on the framework for a nuclear deal.

Speaking in the Oval Office, President Obama said Netanyahu ""didn't offer any viable alternatives"" to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. Obama was on a teleconference call on Ukraine and other issues with other world leaders, including British Prime Minister David Cameron, and did not watch the speech. ""I did have a chance to take a look at the transcript, and as far as I can tell there was nothing new,"" he said.

""The central question is how can we stop them from getting a nuclear weapon?"" Obama said.

A senior U.S. official said that ""simply demanding that Iran completely capitulate is not a plan"" and would not garner international support.

This person said the United States has been using, and continues to use, the pressure of sanctions to try to achieve a deal, and it does not trust the Iranian regime. The negotiations are insisting on transparency and ""are not an opening to a rapprochement with Iran,"" this person said, and their clear objective has been to prevent Iran from acquiring a weapon.

""The logic of the prime minister’s speech is regime change, not a nuclear speech,"" this person said.

Netanyahu said a deal would only ""whet Iran's appetite"" for more nuclear material. He evoked Hemingway, asserting that a deal would be a ""farewell to arms control,"" and said it would cause the Middle East to be ""criss-crossed by nuclear trip wires."" He deployed a physics lesson on uranium and centrifuges to help make his case -- one the administration said was short on specifics.

The prime minister spoke of the Jewish holiday of Purim, which begins Wednesday night. It celebrates the Jewish Book of Esther, which describes a high-ranking member of the Persian empire plotting to kill Jews -- a plot  foiled by Queen Esther, who is Jewish.

""Today the Jewish people face another attempt by yet another Persian potentate to destroy us,"" Netanyahu said.

[How to tie Moses, ""Game of Thrones"" and Iran together in one speech]

Netanyahu praised Obama, publicly attempting to paper over some of the tensions that erupted between the Israeli government and the administration since the speech was announced in January. The temperature reached a boiling point last week. Netanyahu also thanked Congress for approving money for Israel's Iron Dome missile defense system.

""We appreciate all that President Obama has done for Israel,"" Netanyahu said to applause. Some of what the president has done, he said, isn't known publicly, but is known to Netanyahu.

""I know that my speech has been the subject of much controversy. I deeply regret that some perceive my being here as political. That was never my intention,"" Netanyahu said. He thanked Democrats and Republicans for their support for Israel. The relationship between the two countries, he said, ""has always been above politics"" and ""must always remain above politics.""

House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) invited Netanyahu to speak, without consulting the White House in advance; critics have described his decision as a breach of protocol. Obama said he would not meet with the prime minister because the visit comes too close to the Israeli elections on March 17. There is bipartisan legislation before Congress that would impose additional sanctions on Iran. Obama has said he would veto the bill because it would undermine the talks with Iran.

Boehner said in a statement that the speech was one that ""the American people needed to hear, plain and simple. It addressed the gravity of the threats we face and why we cannot allow a nuclear Iran, or any semblance of a path to a nuclear Iran.""

The Netanyahu speech was extraordinary, both for the content and the controversy which it has generated. Last week, national security adviser Susan E. Rice said the speech would be ""destructive"" to U.S.-Israeli relations and inject partisanship into their association. She and Obama tried to turn down the temperature Monday; Obama said it was a distraction that would not permanently undermine relations.

Netanyahu's political future is at stake. He faces a potentially difficult reelection to an unprecedented fourth term on March 17. The speech was delayed by five minutes in Israel, where it ran in the evening, so that the country's electoral monitors could screen it for illegal campaigning.

House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), who left the chamber as Netanyahu was saying goodbyes, said in a statement she was ""saddened by the insult to the intelligence of the United States as part of the P5 +1 nations, and saddened by the condescension toward our knowledge of the threat posed by Iran and our broader commitment to preventing nuclear proliferation.""

Most who did not show up cited a combination of factors, including a reticence to participate in what they described as the politicization of the U.S.-Israel relationship and as a protest to the perceived affront of inviting a foreign leader without conferring with Obama.

Rep. Gerald E. Connolly (D-Va.), who faced pressure from Israel supporters after he said he was undecided on attending, said he ""anguished"" over the decision but ""finally came to the conclusion that I can go without compromising any principle.""

The U.S.-Israel relationship ""supercedes this prime minister and his behavior,"" Connolly said. ""I cherish and value that relationship and want to make a statement about that.""

With nearly a quarter of the 232 congressional Democrats saying they would skip the speech, some Republicans seized on the division. On Monday, Sen. Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.) called the no-shows ""petty"" and ""immature.""

""I think it's a mistake for a member of Congress to miss a speech of this importance,"" Graham said. ""The politics of the moment pale in comparison to the long-term consequences of a bad deal with Iran.""

Obama and Rice gave a glimpse Monday of what a potential nuclear deal could look like. Obama said in an interview with Reuters that the United States is prepared to agree if Iran ""is willing to agree to double-digit years of keeping their [nuclear] program where it is right now and, in fact, rolling back elements of it that currently exist.... If we’ve got that, and we’ve got a way of verifying that, there’s no other steps we can take that would give us such assurance that they don’t have a nuclear weapon.”

Although rarely mentioned, another complication in the nuclear talks is Israel’s own undeclared -- but widely assumed -- nuclear program and its snub of the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, or NPT, which oversees the spread of nuclear technology around the world. Iran has repeatedly accused the West of applying what it calls a “double standard” on nuclear issues -- a clear reference to Israel. Iran is a signatory of the NPT; Israel is not.

Publicly, Israel neither confirms nor denies that it has nuclear weapons. But many experts in nuclear arms believe that Israel has extensive capabilities. In 1986, Mordechai Vanunu, a disgruntled Israeli technician at a suspected nuclear facility, leaked photos to a British newspaper that led foreign experts to conclude that Israel had a large nuclear arsenal. Israeli intelligence agents later arrested Vanunu in Rome.

Obama said the goal is to ensure there is a year-long lag between any potential decision by Iran to build a nuclear weapon and when it can actually produce one. Netanyahu said the position doesn't go far enough.

""No country has a greater stake -- no country has a greater stake than Israel in a good deal that peacefully removes this threat,"" Netanyahu said.",1
4978,Democrats see chance to reshape map as Trump stumbles,"Salt Lake City (CNN) In a less volatile election cycle, the notion that Democrats would be on offense in red states like Utah, Arizona and Georgia would suggest the presidential race was effectively over.

No one is willing to make that kind of bet in a race that has defied all political norms. But as Donald Trump's downward spiral continues in round after round of battleground polls, and the Hillary Clinton campaign has begun to dabble in ruby-red states, Democrats are clearly feeling bullish. Some are now openly mulling the possibility of a Clinton blowout in November.

Even Trump acknowledged Thursday that his campaign was ""having a tremendous problem in Utah,"" a reliably Republican state where Mitt Romney won more than 70% of the vote in 2012 and the hunger for another choice ushered independent candidate Evan McMullin, who has strong ties to Utah and the LDS community, into the presidential race this week.

There are far too many variables at play over the next three months for anyone to say with certainty how the race will end. The two major candidates are intensely disliked by the electorate. This week, Clinton has once again been shadowed by the controversy over her emails and her ties to the Clinton Foundation as secretary of state. Trump is a contender who has shown an extraordinary level of resilience in overcoming controversy.

But Mitch Stewart, who was the Obama campaign's battleground states director in 2012, said Clinton's strengthened position could dramatically reconfigure the electoral map for Democrats -- helping to lay groundwork for a Democratic transformation of states like Arizona and Georgia that were not expected to be competitive until 2020 or 2024.

""In 2008 when we won by six or seven points, we got relatively close in a state like Georgia, and would have gotten close in a state like Arizona if John McCain hadn't been senator there,"" Stewart said. ""If you add three, or four, or five points on top of that -- which is where Secretary Clinton is right now --- it makes sense that Arizona and Georgia are basically tied. That's where the race is given the strength of her candidacy and the weakness of his.""

Clinton could be looking at a sweep of the map that could net as many as 380 electoral votes, Stewart said: potentially ""a massive, massive win.""

The Clinton campaign is taking pains not to look overconfident at this early juncture. It says she has always hoped to organize in all 50 states to aid down-ballot Democratic candidates. Moreover, Clinton and allies are not spending any real money in those three red states yet. But they are gearing up for a six-figure investment in field operations and voter registration in Arizona and Georgia that would force Trump to defend his position in those states.

""Some states may flip and some states may not change overnight, but being focused on organizing is something that's important, particularly this year because it's a dynamic race,"" said Marlon Marshall, Clinton's director of state campaigns and political engagement. ""Our goal is to figure out how we get to 270 electoral votes in the most efficient way, and if that means that there's a couple different pathways that could potentially open up, we must explore them.""

The race will be still be won or lost this year in the battlegrounds of Ohio, Pennsylvania and Florida where Trump looked competitive before his summer series of unforced errors. A new round of polls from Quinnipiac and NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist show that she has moved into a double-digit lead over Trump in Pennsylvania, while displaying a narrow edge over Trump in Ohio. The race in Florida is a virtual tie.

Trump's advisers insist that they are still poised to win Arizona, Georgia and Utah, and that they have many paths to 270 electoral votes, but his weakened position in states that Romney won easily in 2012 raises serious questions about the viability of his candidacy.

Before Trump ever entered the picture, Republicans were facing a difficult electoral map, because 18 states and the District of Columbia have voted Democratic in the last six presidential cycles --- essentially giving Democrats a base of 242 electoral votes on their path to 270.

Trump has boasted that his unusual appeal will put some of those reliable Democratic states in play, including Michigan (16 electoral votes), Pennsylvania (20 electoral votes), and Wisconsin (10 electoral votes). But so far there is little evidence that is true, and few political strategists can map out a path to victory for Trump unless he wins all the states that Romney won in 2012, including Arizona, Georgia and Utah.

""Trump has driven away a big chunk of voters that used to be solid Republican voters. That puts states in play that should not be in play,"" said Republican strategist Kevin Madden. ""The electoral map was already hard to begin with, given the demographic shifts in battleground states likes Colorado and Virginia. Trump just made it harder by finding a way to be more unpopular and more unlikeable than the most unpopular and unlikeable Democratic nominee in modern history.""

Arizona has long held potential for Democrats because of its growing Hispanic population, but the movement in their direction has been accelerated by Trump's divisive rhetoric about Mexicans and immigration.

In Georgia, Democratic groups have made a huge push to register growing numbers of minority voters, particularly targeting black and Hispanic voters who live around Atlanta. (Romney won Arizona by 10 points and Georgia by 8 points in 2012.)

But it is deep-red Utah that has revealed the deep vulnerabilities of Trump's candidacy this year. Romney's 2012 showing was in part because of the strength of his candidacy among Mormon voters who make up 60% of the state's population. Republicans George W. Bush captured 72% in 2004 and John McCain 63% in 2008.

Trump and Clinton were virtually tied in some Utah surveys earlier this year, and Chris Karpowitz, co-director of Brigham Young University's Center for the Study of Elections and Democracy, noted that Trump has been unable to break 40% in the most recent Utah polls. Libertarian Gary Johnson has been surging in Utah, and McMullin jumped into the mix this week.

""Republicans begin any election in the state of Utah with an enormous advantage,"" Karpowitz said. ""But there are many Utahans who are very conflicted, and very ambivalent about his candidacy.""

Trump's biggest hurdle is among conservative Mormon voters, who have been appalled by HIS tone, as well as his call for travel ban on Muslims -- the kind of singling out of a religious minority that carries echoes of the discrimination that members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day-Saints faced historically.

""There is a conflict between their political identity and some core religious values that they hold dear,"" said Karpowitz. ""So when Donald Trump talks about a religious test for immigration or talks about refugees in ways that seem disrespectful or dismissive of their concerns or needs, that resonates with some members of the LDS church.""

Clinton attempted to tap into to the antipathy for Trump within that huge voting bloc, by writing in the in the Deseret News this week about her opposition to Trump's call for a Muslim ban and her work on religious liberty as secretary of state.

Still, back in June, Utah voters were ready to give Trump a second chance even after giving him his lowest vote total of any primary or caucus, said Kirk Jowers, an election attorney who is the former director of the Hinckley Institute of Politics at the University of Utah.

""We wanted to vote for a Republican nominee as we have done in every election since 1964, and Hillary Clinton is certainly is not the one who could steal some of those votes away in a normal election,"" Jowers said. ""But his behavior, particularly in August, has been so outrageous. He doubled down on all the things that were most offensive to us.... This doubling down that he's been doing has made it close to impossible for us to get on board.""

Many of the voters who gathered at McMullin's official launch Wednesday night expressed those kinds of sentiments and their disgust with Trump.

At the event to recruit volunteers to gather signatures for McMullin, who needs 1,000 by next Monday to qualify for the Utah ballot, a number of attendees said they had heard about McMullin's candidacy on Facebook and were drawn to his conservative background and his biography as a former CIA operative.

Even though McMullin has little -- or no chance -- of winning the presidency, given that ballot access deadlines have passed in all but 14 states, a number of voters said they were thrilled to have a candidate they felt comfortable backing.

Victoria Bearden, a 36-year-old Republican from Salt Lake City, was one of many who approached McMullin after his speech to thank him for giving her a choice.

Until McMullin, she had been planning to sit out the presidential race: ""I never thought I'd have to do that, because it just shows you how awful it is. And I know there's millions of people out there feeling the same way I do.""

""I thought I was a Republican, but now I'm not sure what I am,"" added Bearden, a former ballet dancer who has two young children. ""I just feel like Trump is incompetent; he's crazy, and he's going to be more divisive than where we already are as a country. I just can't trust the man.""

When she's discussed McMullin's candidacy with friends, she said, some have noted that she just might be throwing away her vote and helping elect Hillary Clinton.

""At this point, it's like 'Why not?'"" she said. ""Donald Trump is not going to win, and I think people need to stand up and show that they're not happy with either [candidate] ... If we go with our conscience and our heart, then you never know -- it's America. Anything is possible.""",1
2191,"One year after Obama embraced Cuba, what has changed?","The US and Cuba normalized relations one year ago Thursday. Small changes have begun to percolate, but there's debate over whether that's progress.

How SNL's 'the bubble' sketch about polarization is all too true

Los Angeles Dodgers player Yasiel Puig, from Cuba, holds a young baseball player as he poses for photos before giving a baseball clinic to children in Havana, Cuba, Wednesday.

When Yasiel Puig, the Los Angeles Dodgers rightfielder and Cuban defector, was able to return home for a baseball goodwill tour this week without fear of detention by Cuban authorities, it was a sure sign of progress a year into the normalization of relations between the United States and Cuba.

So is the expanded public Internet access that Cubans now enjoy, something the Cuban government agreed to as part of the deal struck between President Obama and Cuban President Raúl Castro a year ago Thursday.

And so too is the agreement the two governments reached this week to resume direct commercial airline flights between the two neighboring countries for the first time in decades.

But for all that has changed in a year between the two longtime antagonists, much remains the same, both supporters and detractors of Mr. Obama’s opening to Cuba say.

The five-decade-old US economic embargo on Cuba remains, with little prospect of Congress lifting it anytime soon, while critics of normalization say the policy has yielded no improvement in the Communist government’s respect for human and political rights.

“Certainly it was a big step forward and there was reason for the great elation last year when President Obama and Raúl Castro announced their intention to normalize relations, and we do have positive results to see from that,” says Wayne Smith, a former US diplomat in Cuba who is now a senior fellow of the Center for International Policy’s Cuba Project in Washington. “However it’s been something of a disappointment as well,” he adds, “mainly over the inability to lift the embargo.”

Not just the embargo, but the status of the US military prison at Guantánamo Bay in Cuba and the resolution of property claims between the two sides dating from the Cuban revolution also loom as stumbling blocks, Mr. Smith says, “These big, complex issues have us somewhat stymied.”

For their part, opponents of renewed relations say the Cuban government’s continued disregard for human rights and political freedoms is the strongest argument against closer ties – and proof that no amount of concessions will prompt the Castro regime to change.

“What we’ve seen instead of improvements is a huge spike in repression and in violence against the political opposition, repeated arrests of the same dissidents, and churches being shut down,” says Ana Quintana, a Latin America policy analyst at the Heritage Foundation in Washington. “Because the Obama administration awarded these renewed relations without demanding anything in return,” she adds, “the US has lost its position of leverage.”

Obama continues to call for an end to the embargo, which he considers a Cold War relic, but no one expects the Republican-controlled Congress to oblige him – particularly not in an election year.

As a result, analysts like Smith say they expect “official” change to continue slowly – even as a transformation in the relationship between the two countries accelerates as “people-to-people” contacts expand.

“A Congress rushing to lift the embargo isn’t going to happen,” Smith says, “but already we’ve seen a notable impact on the personal relations between Cubans and Americans, and that’s going to continue.”

More Americans are traveling to Cuba – although the embargo still prevents them from visiting the island (and spending money) simply as tourists. Academic exchanges and “educational tours” are quickly expanding. At the same time, the improved public Wi-Fi availability in Cuba and eased travel restrictions for Cuban-Americans mean that contact between the island and Cuban communities in the US now is much like that for other immigrant communities from around the hemisphere.

Some members of Congress marked the first anniversary of Obama’s opening to Cuba by hailing the impact of the “small steps” that Cubans and American have taken toward each other.

“As American business leaders, scientists, academics, and artists are increasingly engaging in purposeful travel to Cuba, they are forging important new relationships with the Cuban people and supporting the country’s rising entrepreneurial class,” said Sen. Ben Cardin of Maryland, the top Democrat on the Foreign Relations Committee, in a statement Thursday.

He called on Congress to “take steps to make the Obama administration’s advances permanent and lift all restrictions on American citizens traveling to Cuba.”

There is also evidence that the normalization of bilateral relations has prompted a surge in Cubans migrating to the US. A widespread fear in Cuba that “normal” relations will prompt the US to soon drop the special immigration status for Cubans reaching the US has led nearly 50,000 island residents to leave for the US this year. Cubans who reach US soil are allowed to stay and are granted residency, while those who are caught at sea are turned back. The number of Cubans arriving this year is more than double last year’s total – and about five times higher than in 2011.

Senator Cardin said the normalization of relations has resulted in “small but important changes on the island.” But he noted that the government continues to jail political activists and restrict “the emergence of a free press,” and he called on the Cuban government to make “meaningful progress” in “the second year of renewed engagement.”

Critics say there's no reason to expect Cuba to change.

“A year of stepped-up attacks on the Cuban people’s freedoms should not leave anyone thinking that somehow there will be a positive transition in the second year” of renewed relations, says Ms. Quintana of Heritage.

As for the power of people-to-people engagement, Quintana says she doubts it can have much impact in the case of Cuba, where she says a fearful government does its best to limit contact between average Cubans and visiting Americans.

“Spending time with Americans is considered subversive activity, so anyone who does it in an unofficial setting is suspect,” she says.

But there is one American she would like to see visit the island: Barack Obama.

“President Obama says he hopes to visit Cuba in 2016, and I’m all for it – if he insists on meeting and marching with the dissidents,” she says. “That’s the kind of personal engagement that could be a transformative moment in this relationship.”",1
4525,"Orlando probe intensifies as feds eye gunman's wife, possible ties to international terror","Federal authorities in Orlando and around the nation are scrambling to connect dots in the wake of Sunday's massacre by an Islamist terrorist, with potential charges looming for the gunman's wife as early as Wednesday and agents tracing possible ties to radical Muslims in the U.S. and abroad.

The all-hands-on-deck probe is aimed at determining whether Omar Mateen acted alone when he gunned down 49 patrons in a gay nightclub or others knew of his deadly plans and possibly aided him. A federal law enforcement source told FoxNews.com Tuesday that prosecutors have convened a grand jury to investigate Mateen's wife, Noor Salman, who could be charged as an accessory.

FBI agents have interviewed Omar Mateen's wife, Noor Salman, in the days since Sunday's massacre that also wounded 53 more. She is reportedly cooperating, but formal charges could help ensure she told the feds all she knows.

Multiple reports said the Rodeo, Calif., home where Salman grew up was visited by the FBI Tuesday. The FBI has refused comment to the press outside of official media briefings.

A federal law enforcement source additionally told Fox News that Salman knew of her husband's deadly plans and did nothing to stop him.

Mateen died in a shootout with police early Sunday morning. While Salman has been widely referred to as Mateen's wife, the only proof of their marriage is her listing as his wife on a 2013 mortgage document and family members who said the two were married and had a 3-year-old son.

On a separate front, the FBI is piecing together Mateen’s radical Islam roots, and two trips to Saudi Arabia could be a sign of his growing religious devotion. His stated reason for both the 2011 and 2012 trips was umrah, a Muslim pilgrimage to the Kingdom that is not as significant as the hajj, a trip all Muslims must make to Mecca at least once in their lives. Either or both of the trips could also have included a deadly diversion for terror training, according to experts who are dubious that a working-class Muslim-American would make the pilgrimage twice in two years.

The FBI took a computer, camera and other equipment from Mateen's two-bedroom condominium in Fort Pierce, some 120 miles from the scene of the shooting and hours-long hostage situation that culminated in his death.

Although ISIS has taken credit for the attack and lavished praise on Mateen, it is still unclear whether he received direction, or simply inspiration, from the terrorist group. However, Fox News reported Tuesday that Mateen was more than just an acquaintance of another radicalized terrorist who left Florida for Syria where he blew himself up in 2014.

Fox News was told the relationship between Mateen and American suicide bomber Moner Abu-Salha -- who drove 16 tons of explosives into a Syrian government facility on behalf of Al Qaeda-linked Nusra Front, was ""complex."" The two frequented the same Fort Pierce mosque.

Authorities are also probing Mateen's ties to Dwayne Robertson, a onetime New York gang leader who resurfaced in Orlando as an imam and is suspected by federal authorities of radicalizing Americans and sending them abroad to kill. Robertson, who was released from prison last year, denies inciting violent jihad.

Finally, more information from relatives and people who knew Mateen in prior years continued to bring into focus a portrait of an angry and volatile bigot with conflicted feelings toward gays. His massacre is being treated as both an act of terror and a hate crime directed at the LGBT community, yet hist first wife reportedly believes Mateen himself was a closeted gay man.

Patrons at Pulse, the nightclub where he killed dozens, say he had been seen there many times and one reportedly said Mateen had contacted him using a dating app popular with the gay community.",1
3956,"Obama touts progress against ISIS, sets low expectations for Russian cooperation","President Obama used a press conference Tuesday at the Paris climate summit to once again claim progress in the U.S.-led coalition’s campaign against the Islamic State, while also setting low near-term expectations for gaining Russian President Vladimir Putin's full cooperation in the fight.

The president, speaking before he departs the climate summit to return to Washington, said “it is possible” over the next several months that there will be ""a shift in calculation in the Russians and a recognition that it's time to bring the civil war in Syria to a close.""

But he quickly tempered that prediction by acknowledging Russia is hitting Syrian opposition targets, some of whom are supported by the U.S.

“I don’t expect you’re going to see a 180 turn on their strategy over the next several weeks,” Obama said.

The president said the U.S. shouldn’t be under any “illusions” that Russia will start “hitting only ISIL targets.”

Obama said that wasn’t happening before, and, “It’s not going to be happening in the next several weeks.”

The comments demonstrate the potentially slow and plodding path ahead toward resolving the Syrian civil war.

While Russia opposes the Islamic State – which claimed credit for bringing down a Russian flight over Egypt – Moscow also supports Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad.

Obama, though, reiterated that the civil war cannot come to an end while Assad remains in power

Obama suggested his hope is that diplomatic talks in Vienna result in a gradual change, including “pockets of cease-fires in and around Syria.”

This, he said, could bring about a “conversation about politics.”

Still, he conceded the extremist threat that has wrought fear across the Middle East and the West would not be eliminated in the short term.

""ISIL is going to continue to be a deadly organization because of its social media, the resources it has and the networks of experienced fighters that it possesses,"" Obama said, using one of several acronyms for the extremist group. ""It's going to continue to be a serious threat for some time to come.""

Concerns about ISIS have overshadowed Obama's two-day trip to Paris, where ISIS-linked attacks killed 130 people last month in the run-up to the climate negotiations. Obama had sought to turn the outrage over the Paris attacks and the group's shoot-down of a Russian passenger jet in Egypt into new resolve for stepping up the fight against ISIS.

Yet those hopes have been dampened by the spiraling diplomatic crisis between Turkey and Russia, sparked late last month when Turkey shot down a Russian warplane it said had violated its airspace along the border with Syria. The U.S. sees both Russia and Turkey as critical to resolving the Syria crisis.

Aiming to head off a rift between the two major Mideast players, Obama urged both to ""de-escalate"" their conflict and not get distracted from the campaign against ISIS. Yet in a meeting with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Obama also vouched for the NATO ally's right to self-defense, and he pledged a solid U.S. commitment ""to Turkey's security and its sovereignty.""

Sitting down with Erdogan on the sidelines of climate talks, Obama said the U.S. was very interested in accelerating its military relationship with Turkey. He also praised Turkey for generously accepting refugees fleeing violence in Syria, and credited Turkey with strengthening security along its border.

Turkey, too, hopes to avoid tensions with Russia, Erdogan told reporters as he and Obama finished their roughly hour-long meeting.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
1307,5 takeaways from New Hampshire,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
338,"Escaped killers' ride backed out, source says","(CNN) Investigators think a woman who worked with Richard Matt and David Sweat at the Clinton Correctional Facility planned to pick the convicted killers up after they escaped but changed her mind at the last minute, a source familiar with the investigation tells CNN.

Joyce Mitchell went to a hospital this weekend because of panic attacks, the source said.

Mitchell is one of several prison employees who has been questioned in the case. She has given a statement and is being ""somewhat cooperative,"" a source said. She has not been charged.

Her cell phone was used to call several people connected to Matt, another source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN. It's unclear who made the calls or when the calls were made. Authorities are trying to determine whether Mitchell was aware her phone was being used.

Her son, Tobey Mitchell, has come to her defense.

He told NBC that she wouldn't ""risk her life or other people's lives to help these guys escape."" He said his mother was in a hospital with severe chest pains about the time of the escape.

Authorities scoured farms and fields around an upstate New York town Tuesday, looking for the pair who escaped from a prison days earlier, a local official said.

The search was prompted by someone who spotted two ""suspicious men"" walking down a road in Willsboro in the middle of a ""driving rainstorm"" overnight ""in an area that's all ... large farms and fields and wooded lots,"" Town Supervisor Shaun Gillilland said. As the citizen's car approached them, they took off.

""They were walking down the road, not dressed for the elements,"" Gillilland said. ""They ran into the fields, from what I understand. So this behavior ... was suspicious.""

Given the meticulous detail involved in the escape, there were concerns fugitives Richard Matt and David Sweat put a similar level of planning into their getaway, including transportation.

Local, state and federal authorities set up a search perimeter there. As of 2 p.m., Gillilland wasn't aware that any clothes, vehicles or other evidence had been found, but it was still relatively early in the process.

The stormy overnight spotting in Willsboro, a town of 2,000 people on Lake Champlain, is one of the first big potential breakthroughs since prison guards found Matt and Sweat's beds empty at 5:30 a.m. Saturday.

Until then, the closest might have been an account from two Dannemora residents about two men, whom they now believe to be the escaped killers, walking through their backyard shortly after midnight Friday.

""I go look at him (and) I say, 'What the hell are you doing in my yard? Get the hell out of here,' "" one of the residents told ABC's ""Good Morning America"" of that encounter.

The two men complied, one apologizing that he'd been on the wrong street. It wasn't until the next day that the resident, who asked not to be named, and his female friend realized who the trespassers probably were.

They are killers whom authorities fear could do so again to evade capture.

Elizabeth Ahern, who lives in Plattsburgh, about five miles from the prison and 25 miles south of the Canadian border, isn't taking any chances. The North Country, she says, is a place where people usually don't bother securing their doors and have weapons to hunt, not to guard themselves against criminals.

""It's a scary situation,"" Ahern told CNN's ""New Day."" ""We are now closing our doors and locking them, and making sure we have knives and guns ready to go, just in case.""

Expert: 'They had to have help'

Finding the two fugitives is job No. 1 for authorities. Job No. 2 is figuring out how they got out -- and who, if anyone, helped them become the first inmates to escape Clinton Correctional in its 170-year history.

Matthew Horace, a law enforcement veteran who spent years with the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, said: ""They had to have help. ... I wouldn't be surprised if, when this all pans out, there's more than one, two, three or five people that helped them on the inside.""

Matt and Sweat cut through a cell wall that included steel a quarter-inch thick, maneuvered across a catwalk, shimmied down six stories to a tunnel of pipes, followed that tunnel, broke through a double-brick wall, cut into a 24-inch steam pipe, shimmied their way through the steam pipe, cut another hole so they could get out of the pipe and finally surfaced through a manhole.

If other people are proved to have played a role in Matt and Sweat's escape or their life on the lam, they'll pay a price. An accomplice could be convicted of a misdemeanor for helping introduce nondangerous contraband into a prison. Or they could get up to seven years in jail for the class D felony of ""hindering prosecution"" by providing ""criminal assistance"" to someone sentenced to 20 years to life for a violent crime.

Slain deputy's brother: 'I just hope he doesn't come back'

Matt and Sweat are convicted killers whose behavior is prison appears to have been good.

Matt was convicted on three counts of murder, three counts of kidnapping and two counts of robbery after he kidnapped a man and beat him to death in December 1997, state police said. He was sentenced to 25 years to life in prison.

In 1986, he escaped from an Erie County jail. Upon his capture, Matt was sent to a maximum security prison in Elmira, New York, on charges of escape and forgery. He was released from the Elmira Correctional Facility in May 1990.

Sweat was serving a life sentence without parole for killing sheriff's Deputy Kevin Tarsia in 2002.

It has been years since these murders. While at Clinton Correctional, they were in the prison's ""honor block"" for those who have gone years without significant disciplinary action, according to a state official briefed on the investigation.

Being in an honor block carries privileges such as having hot plates and refrigerators in their cells and congregating for hours in a central gallery area each evening with fellow inmates, said Rich Plumadore, who worked at Clinton Correctional for 35 years. About 250 to 300 inmates are in this unit at the prison.",1
4333,Brace Yourself: The Presidential Election Is Going To Be All About Anger,"Brace Yourself: The Presidential Election Is Going To Be All About Anger

Hillary Clinton laid out some lofty goals for her presidency in a speech on Friday.

""My mission from my first day as president to the last will be to raise the incomes of hardworking Americans so they can once again afford a middle-class life,"" she said. ""This is the defining economic challenge not only of this election but our time.""

So, she has her work cut out for her. But interestingly, that line came not from a populist barn burner of a speech, but from a policy-focused address about ending ""quarterly capitalism"" — the tendency for businesses to focus on short-term shareholder gains over long-term investment.

The wonkier bits of her speech about capital-gains taxation might only interest a specific subset of people, but she couched them to attract a much broader audience of voters angered by what they see as an unfair economic system. Democrats and Republicans alike are trying to channel that anger, but are offering very different solutions — so much so that the leading candidates for both parties seem to be living in two economic realities.

Voters are frustrated by a range of economic issues: inequality, stagnant incomes and debt, to name a few. That frustration is the driving narrative of the 2016 election, as candidates try to convince voters that they can forge an economy that won't make Americans feel stuck in neutral.

Americans have barely seen their pay outpace inflation since the recession. Annual wage growth has been stuck at around 2 percent since 2009, and median household incomes are where they were in 1995.

But that's not all that's wrong: Faith in the American Dream has dipped. In the late 1990s, 74 percent of Americans thought hard work was the way to get ahead in America. By January 2014, it was 60 percent. And since the recession, most Americans just haven't felt — for more than a handful of weeks at a time, anyway — that the economy is getting better.

Politicians, of course, have taken notice. Indeed, to win any national election, they simply have to.

""The longer we're kind of stuck in this rut of stagnating incomes and very low wage growth and a lot of slack in the labor market, the more people feel like this is just the way things are, and the less space there is for politicians to say, 'OK, well, we just need to wait for the recovery to take hold,' "" said Michael Strain, a resident scholar in economics at the right-leaning American Enterprise Institute. ""We've been waiting for the recovery to take hold for a while. Both parties are responding to that.""

Jeb Bush earlier this year, in a speech about the middle class, acknowledged not only that Americans are frustrated, but that elbow grease can't fix everything.

""Far too many Americans live on the edge of economic ruin,"" the former Florida governor said, ""and many more feel like they're stuck in place: working longer, and harder, even as they're losing ground.""

He later added, ""Something is holding them back — not a lack of ambition, not a lack of hope, not because they're lazy or see themselves as victims. Something else. Something is an artificial weight on their shoulders.""

That's the idea at the center of the election, and everyone in the race seems to have latched on. Now, politicians are peering at it through their respective philosophical lenses to decide how to fix it.

""Republican rhetoric is much more growth-centric: 'The solution to this is economic growth,' "" said Steven Schier, professor of political science at Carleton College. ""That's a very common Republican theme, whereas Democrats are more regulatory and redistributive. In other words, they're reverting to type.""

Bernie Sanders has advocated higher taxes on the rich, decrying what he calls ""casino capitalism"" in a May interview.

""The people on top have lost any sense of responsibility for the rest of the society,"" said Sanders, an independent from Vermont, who has gained traction as the principal alternative to Clinton in the Democratic primary.

Marco Rubio, the Republican senator from Florida, has a tax plan that will, among other things, dole out a heftier child tax credit to some families.

Clinton believes that targeting ""quarterly capitalism"" and focusing on the American worker, via paid leave and helping keep mothers in the workforce, could be answers.

Bush comes at it from the other, macroeconomic direction, saying if Americans can work more hours and if government stays out of the way of the ""gig economy,"" he can bring about 4 percent growth. That speeding train (or, perhaps, Uber car) of growth will bring everyone along with it, he contends.

It's not just about presenting policies, of course. Presidential campaigns are about choices. And in the fight to make the choice clearer for frustrated Americans, the most pointed blows yet have been between Clinton and Bush.

""Now comes Hillary Clinton, and her economic agenda could be summarized easily: Whatever Obama is doing, let's double down on it,"" he said in a speech earlier this month.

The implicit message: If you hate the economy now, Clinton won't change it.

For her part, Clinton and her affiliated groups have latched onto several Bush statements that could make him sound unsympathetic to workers — in particular, earlier this month, when he said that people would have to work longer hours in his economy. (His campaign later clarified that he was talking about part-time workers who want more hours.)

""Well, he must not have met very many American workers,"" Clinton said in response. ""Let him tell that to the nurse who stands on her feet all day or the teacher who is in that classroom, or the trucker who drives all night. Let him tell that to the fast-food workers marching in the streets for better pay. They don't need a lecture. They need a raise.""

While they're appealing to an exhausting stretch of stagnant wages for American workers, they're really tapping into a decades-old idea of how the economy should work.

""We're still trying to figure out how wealth gets distributed in an economy where you've seen manufacturing and union jobs and what used to be the typical middle-class blue-collar jobs evaporate,"" said Leonard Steinhorn, a professor of public communication and history at American University.

He continued, ""The bottom line is that [politicians are] dealing with a set of expectations Americans have about the economy, and a sense of acknowledging that frustration that a great many people don't feel that they're participating in the mythical rising tide that existed briefly after World War II."" (See chart.)

Despite newfangled campaign trail rhetoric about things like the emerging sharing economy and, yes, Uber, very old roles are at work here: Democrats championing the downtrodden laborer; Republicans bemoaning regulation.

Still, what's new in the 2016 election is really that Americans' anxiety about the economy is getting more entrenched by the day.",1
2225,Why Netanyahu victory isn't likely to make US-Israel relations worse (+video),"Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and US President Obama don't see eye-to-eye on much. But there are ways for allies to get along even when their leaders don't.

It’s safe to say that President Obama was hoping for a different outcome in Israel’s election Tuesday – just as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu did little to hide his preference for Mitt Romney in the last American presidential election.

But Mr. Netanyahu will govern for an unprecedented fourth term that is likely to extend beyond Mr. Obama’s last day in office.

No one anticipates a sudden dissipation in the bad blood between the two leaders, nor that a relationship long deemed dysfunctional will suddenly transform into a happy marriage.

But a variety of constraints on both leaders suggest that United States-Israel relations aren’t likely to get worse, some diplomatic experts say. The US has had times when relations with other allies have degenerated, and they have recovered, at least to some degree.

In the meantime, the US and Israel could create channels that allow the states to work together in important ways while allowing the two leaders to avoid each other. That’s what happened between the US and France when Presidents George W. Bush and Jacques Chirac had widely divergent worldviews and little use for each other.

“It’s going to be a very heavy lift, given the history between these two leaders, but I think if we look at how relations got back on track between the US and France after the Iraq war, there is a lesson,” says Michael Singh, managing director specializing in US Mideast policy at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy.

In that case, the making up involved refocusing on vital mutual interests, including counterterrorism and national security issues. It was not carried out by the two leaders but by key aides, Mr. Singh says. “But what you did have was a commitment by the two leaders that this [repair of relations] was very important to do,” he adds.

Singh says he can “envision a channel being created” through which these “key aides” would perform the same task as those in the Franco-American case more than a decade ago: “preventing sharp policy differences from precluding cooperation between two close allies in areas of vital mutual interest.”

Obama’s pursuit of a nuclear agreement with Iran and Netanyahu’s campaign pledge never to allow creation of a Palestinian state while he is in office are two prime examples of the policy differences separating the two leaders.

But neither of these divisions is really new – suggesting that relations have little reason to worsen and might remain more or less the same for the remainder of Obama’s term, some experts say.

“It didn’t take Netanyahu’s reelection to convince anyone that while the Israeli-Palestinian process maybe wasn’t dead, it was frozen pretty hard, and no matter what happened [in the election] an Iran agreement appeared to be a done deal, or at least pretty close,” says Aaron David Miller, a Middle East expert with the Wilson Center who has held government posts in both Republican and Democratic administrations.

A number of factors will “tend to constrain what the administration is prepared to do to press the Israelis,” Mr. Miller says. These include unabated pro-Israeli congressional pressure, a US presidential campaign where all the candidates will be trumpeting their support for Israel, and shared US-Israel national security interests.

Miller points out that the Obama administration has “never gone beyond words to demonstrate its dissatisfaction with Israel,” and he doesn’t anticipate that happening now – simply because he doesn’t see how the US benefits by getting tough with Israel. “I just don’t see what ratcheting up [to concrete steps] gets the administration,” he says.

As a result, he says he can envision the US abstaining on (rather than vetoing) a United Nations Security Council resolution condemning Israel over expanded settlement construction in east Jerusalem and the West Bank. Or the US might support a Franco-Arab resolution proposing a “framework agreement” for resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and creating a Palestinian state, Miller says.

And no matter how much the US and Israel may disagree on approaches to the Iran and Palestinian challenges, the reality is that they have common interests in how both play out, Singh says.

Israel may not like any Iran nuclear deal, but if one is reached Netanyahu will have as much interest as Obama in seeing that Iran honors its terms and is not secretly circumventing it, Singh says. At the same time, he adds, the US will have as much interest as Israel in seeing that the “vacuum” left by the absence of a peace process is not filled by something much worse.

“There’s no question it’s going to take hard work,” Singh says, “but I think it’s with sustained effort on these kinds of key mutual interests that you get the relationship back on track.”",1
872,The case for a Clinton-Warren ticket,"Running mates? It’s not even May, and already we’re talking running mates? Then let me toss Elizabeth Warren’s name into the mix.

I’m making several assumptions here — in a year when assuming anything is dangerous. First, I believe Ted Cruz’s desperate gamble of adding Carly Fiorina to his “ticket” will fail. He was right to throw some kind of Hail Mary, but I don’t see how Fiorina attracts enough new support for Cruz to win the Indiana primary on Tuesday. And if he loses there, he’s pretty much toast.

Donald Trump’s landslide wins this week in the Northeast gave him a bigger haul of convention delegates than even his most optimistic boosters had expected. If momentum still counts for anything in politics, Trump has it. And if he wins Indiana — polls show him with about a six-point lead — his path to the Republican nomination looks wide enough to taxi the rest of the way in his Boeing 757.

I’m also assuming that Hillary Clinton will be the Democratic nominee. The delegate math is just brutal: There is simply no viable way now for Bernie Sanders to catch up. Sanders appeared to acknowledge reality this week when he announced that his campaign would lay off “hundreds” of paid staff members. He will use his clout at the convention, he said, to “put together the strongest progressive agenda that any political party has ever seen.”

Which is where Warren comes in.

It is absurd to claim that Clinton does not merit the “progressive” label; she has the scars from decades of attacks by the “vast right-wing conspiracy” to prove her bona fides. But on most issues — gun control being a glaring exception — Sanders is well to her left. And, as his surprising campaign has shown, that’s where the energy and excitement in the Democratic Party happen to be this year.

If there is a specific issue on which Clinton is weak with the Democratic left, it is not the FBI investigation of her emails. It is her perceived coziness with Wall Street, highlighted by the six-figure speaking fees she was paid by investment bank Goldman Sachs.

Sanders’s central theme is that the rich and powerful have distorted our political and economic systems to favor their own selfish interests. He blasts Clinton not only for the Goldman speeches but also for mining Wall Street for campaign cash. My assumption is that Sanders, should he fall short of the nomination, will give Clinton his full-throated support. But will his most ardent supporters follow?

As Clinton’s running mate, Warren could erase this potential weakness with the Democratic base. She has spent her Senate career becoming known as the scourge of Wall Street. No political figure is more closely identified with efforts to curb the excesses of the financial system.

Warren would also help address another potential vulnerability. If the general-election matchup is Trump vs. Clinton — and that seems increasingly likely — it is becoming clear that on the question of U.S. military involvement around the world, Trump will position himself to the left of Clinton.

The foreign policy speech that Trump delivered Wednesday was, for the most part, vague and anodyne. His overarching theme is “America first,” he said. To the extent the phrase means anything, it seems to promise that a President Trump would be extremely reluctant to deploy U.S. combat forces in any sort of “world’s policeman” role. Trump has even questioned the viability of NATO in its present form.

Clinton is a foreign policy traditionalist. As secretary of state, she was more hawkish than President Obama — she pushed for more vigorous intervention in Syria, for example. She has long since apologized for her vote to authorize the Iraq War, but Sanders continues to attack her for it. Trump would surely do the same.

Warren wasn’t in Congress when the Iraq War began, and national security isn’t the issue with which she is identified. But her views fit squarely with those of the party’s progressive wing.

Warren also has a compelling personal story of having risen from modest beginnings to become a Harvard professor and then a U.S. senator. The fact that she and Clinton would be the first all-female major party ticket should be irrelevant, but isn’t. To many voters, it would be thrilling.

I can think of several other potential running mates for Clinton. Funny, but I draw a blank when trying to come up with a suitable partner for Trump. Maybe he’ll just go it alone.

Read more from Eugene Robinson’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook. You can also join him Tuesdays at 1 p.m. for a live Q&A.",1
745,"Democratic Party Leaders, Bernie Sanders Spar Over Nevada Convention Chaos","Divisions among Democrats are deepening over Sen. Bernie Sanders’s response to a chaotic state convention in Nevada, sparking fresh questions about how, exactly, the party might put itself back together again. Some top Democratic leaders have denounced Mr. Sanders’s reluctance to rein in his supporters after they disrupted the party’s Nevada convention. The Vermont senator […]",1
1692,Joe Biden: He's right not to run (Opinion),"It's hard not to like Joe Biden. I've seen him speak in person several times, and his love for people and politics is downright infectious. I'm sad he announced Wednesday he is not running for president, because he's fun and he would have lit up the campaign.

But I think he made the right decision.

The path to winning the Democratic nomination certainly wasn't clear, let alone easy, and it's better for Biden to end his career at the high point of the vice presidency rather than try for the presidency once again and fail. And while Biden seems genuinely to relish campaigning, campaigns are getting less and less fun by the day. The truth is that a Biden candidacy would have been enjoyable for voters (and the media). But it probably wouldn't have been very enjoyable for Biden.

More substantively, a Biden candidacy might simply have muddied the otherwise helpfully clear waters between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders.

Take the first Democratic debate, where Clinton tried to argue that her plan for how to deal with the ills and excesses of Wall Street was ""more comprehensive"" and ""tougher"" than Sanders'. Sanders' response? ""Well, that's not true.""

On this issue, Sanders is right. He is a lifelong economic populist, to the point where he's not afraid to criticize the structural failings of capitalism and change the underlying rules of the game to make sure the economy helps poor people and working families. Clinton, on the other hand, has certainly embraced some of the rhetoric of populism in her latest campaign. But the extent to which it courses through her bones -- let alone her policies -- is questionable. In the middle of this debate would have been Biden. The vice president has more populist street cred from the get-go, especially rhetorically. I don't think I've ever heard Biden speak without mentioning his hometown of Scranton, Pennsylvania. More importantly, despite a lofty career since then, he's always managed to maintain a straight shooter, ""Regular Joe"" style. But on policies, he's more closely aligned with Clinton than Sanders. Biden voted in favor of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act , which repealed part of the Glass-Steagall Act, opening the door to banks to engage in the wild risk-taking that crashed the economy. Biden sided with big banks in making it harder for Americans to reduce their amount of student debt. And Biden supports the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal (as Clinton did for a while before recently changing her view ). With a little more than a year until the presidential election, it's essential for Democratic voters -- and Americans in general -- to see a debate in the primaries in which conventional centrist economic policy is exposed and evaluated in light of a viable, populist alternative. Clinton and Sanders are having that very real and important debate. ""Regular Joe,"" who repeatedly promotes centrist policies that most help the country's elite, would have unhelpfully complicated things. ""I can die a happy man never having been president of the United States of America,"" Biden once told a reporter. ""But it doesn't mean I won't run."" Now, apparently he won't run. And while we should be grateful for his public service up until now, his decision is also a public service -- because the Democratic primary will run better without him.",1
1404,"New York Times endorses Hillary Clinton, John Kasich for nominations","The Times said it picked Clinton over her top rival, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, due to her experience and policy ideas. It also cast doubt on Sanders' ability to enact several of his key policies, including breaking up large banks and creating a Medicare-for-all health care plan.

""Hillary Clinton is the right choice for the Democrats to present a vision for America that is radically different from the one that leading Republican candidates offer -- a vision in which middle-class Americans have a real shot at prosperity, women's rights are enhanced, undocumented immigrants are given a chance at legitimacy, international alliances are nurtured and the country is kept safe,"" the Times said.

The editorial board, however, expressed reservations about a no-fly zone in Syria, which Clinton has supported.

The Clinton campaign's relationship with the Times has been troubled at times over the past year following the revelations that she maintained a private email server while leading the State Department.

In July, the campaign accused the paper of ""egregious"" errors and the ""apparent abandonment of standard journalistic practices"" after initially claiming that federal inspectors general had requested a criminal investigation into Clinton's email use during her tenure at the State Department. Clinton herself was not the target, and the case was not criminal. A letter from the campaign asserted that the Times rushed the flawed story onto its website and front page despite ""questionable sourcing,"" and didn't do enough to contact Clinton before publication. Kasich, the governor of Ohio, deserves the Republican nod because he is ""the only plausible choice for Republicans tired of the extremism and inexperience on display in this race,"" the Times said. But, the paper contended, Kasich ""is no moderate,"" citing his battles with public-sector unions, support for limiting abortion rights and opposition to same-sex marriage. ""Still, as a veteran of partisan fights and bipartisan deals during nearly two decades in the House, he has been capable of compromise and believes in the ability of government to improve lives,"" the Times wrote. Kasich quickly tweeted his appreciation for the endorsement. ""Proud to have the support of the @nytimes - Together we can make America safer & stronger -John #Kasich4Us,"" he said. Proud to have the support of the @nytimes - Together we can make America safer & stronger -John #Kasich4Us pic.twitter.com/VfVRAOst72 — John Kasich (@JohnKasich) January 30, 2016 But in backing Kasich, the Times took swipes at the two candidates leading the Republican field, Donald Trump and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, saying they are ""equally objectionable for different reasons."" The paper accused Trump of disingenuously making promises to his supporters to win their backing, while it charged Cruz with alienating his Senate colleagues and criticized his positions on Syria and taxes.",1
4310,“Your little brother is not the ultimate authority”: How Jeb Bush cheated America & helped deliver the presidency to W,"Anyone old enough to remember that election night, which was 15 years ago today, will remember that the outcome of the electoral college depended on that one state. And what came next is exactly what anyone would have predicted would happen when an election is so close it triggers a recount in a state in which the levers of power and the electoral machinery are run by one of the candidates’ brothers. That candidate was the one who became president.

The road George W. and Jeb Bush took to get there was complicated and difficult, and in the end had to be decided by a couple of Supreme Court justices who happened to have been appointed by the Bush brothers’ dad when he was president. (Who says that dynasties have no clout in American politics?) But Jeb proved himself to be particularly adept at getting the job done without getting his hands dirty.

The media played an interesting part as well.  The networks first called the election for Gore based on exit polls which later turned out to correctly predict for whom the people actually voted that day. Fox News, with one of it’s earliest political coups, was the first to call it for Bush. A consultant by the name of John Ellis, who later admitted to being on the phone with Jeb and George W. Bush throughout the evening, is the fellow who made that initial call for Fox. If his name sounds familiar it’s because John Ellis, is also Jeb Bush’s name; “Jeb” stands for John Ellis Bush. Ellis is George W. and Jeb’s first cousin.

The Bush campaign knew that once they had established their “lead” they needed to keep it. The key was to be able to declare victory and then portray the Gore campaign as being sore losers who refused to accept defeat. On election night, they almost succeeded in getting Gore to capitulate without a fight. He was on the way to make his concession speech when his team told him to hold up, that the margin was ridiculously tight and that a recount would be mandated by state law. The phone call that happened next was a very telling exchange:

“Circumstances have changed dramatically since I first called you,” Gore told Bush. “The state of Florida is too close to call.” “Are you saying what I think you’re saying?” Bush asked. “Let me make sure I understand. You’re calling back to retract your concession?” “You don’t have to be snippy about it,” said Gore. Bush responded that the networks had already called the result and that the numbers were correct—his brother Jeb had told him. “Your little brother,” Gore replied, “is not the ultimate authority on this.”

The networks had called the election based on his cousin’s decision and his cousin’s decision had been based on his brother’s numbers. How tidy that was.  Gore refused to accept the Bush family’s assurances and went on to contest the outcome.

Jeb may not have been the ultimate authority but he had plenty of influence on the state’s electoral machinery, particularly the Secretary of State Katherine Harris who was in charge of the recount and who also happened to be one of George W. Bush’s campaign co-chairs. According to Jeffrey Toobin’s book “Too Close to Call” an angry Jeb awakened Harris at three in the morning to chastise her for allowing the assistant director of elections to go on TV and discuss Florida election laws, which required recounts and a standard of determining the intent of the voter.  Jeb had this foolish bureaucrat yanked from the air immediately and he assigned her a political advisor by the name of Mac Stipanovich, a close political associate and master of Florida politics and electoral machinery.

Stipanovich gave interviews years later in which he admitted that he kept a very low profile throughout:

“I would arrive in the morning through the garage and come up on the elevators and come in through the cabinet-office door, which is downstairs, and then in the evening when I left, you know, sometimes it’d be late, depending on what was going on, I would go the same way. I would go down the elevators and out through the garage and be driven—driven to my car from the garage, just because there were a lot of people out front on the main floor, and, at least in this small pond, knowledge of my presence would have been provocative, because I have a political background.”

Jeb’s fingerprints were never directly on the machinations of the recount but he was always just a degree of separation from it. It was his state and he knew the buttons to instruct others to push. And there were plenty of them that made the difference in small ways and large.

Was Jeb helping with all the various schemes and scams?  Who knows? There were a lot of crafty GOP election lawyers all over the state making sure that votes were not counted. But he was almost certainly involved in this, as reported by The Village Voice: James Baker, his tongue darting in the air, first raised the prospect of an end run around the courts by the Florida legislature hours after the state’s supreme court ruled unanimously on November 22 to allow manual recounts in three counties. His leathery face broke out in a smug smile when he said it. After the Florida court ruled a second time in favor of a recount on December 8, Baker invoked the legislature again. Having prophesied the legislative coup, however, Baker was quick to say the Bush team had nothing to do with it. “I haven’t talked to anybody in the Florida Legislature that I know is in the Florida Legislature,” he said, adding he’d never even met House Speaker Tom Feeney. Assuming that’s true, Baker was practically announcing that Brother Jeb had put the legislature in play. With Feeney’s majority approving the Bush slate the very day that the U.S. Supreme Court weighed its final decision, the First Family of Texas and Florida was making it clear that it was even prepared to circumvent a 7 to 2 Republican court if it didn’t like the ultimate decision. That may have been the single most important move by Jeb Bush during the whole recount period. By getting the legislature to provide the final backstop the media began the drumbeat that there was little point in further pursuing the recount. With the Florida Republicans prepared to use the arcane rules of the legislature to install George W. Bush no matter what the vote tally ultimately showed, the press now assumed Bush would be president. This was when they began to pat America on the back for being so civilized in the way it handles such disputes (there were no tanks in the streets!) and to tell Democrats to “get over it.” There were many PR and legal maneuvers the Bush team used throughout the recount. Some were probably illegal, some were legal but clearly undemocratic, others were just sneaky and manipulative. They weren’t as sexy as the famous Brooks Brothers riot in which a group of what were later revealed to be GOP staffers stormed the Miami Dade recount and demanded they “shut it down.” (This “riot” was directed from a van down the street by none other than famous Republican dirty trickster Roger Stone.) But the Bush strategy of holding on to their lead by any means necessary was successful. When the conservatives on the Supreme Court finally stopped the count, Bush was still ahead by 535 votes and he was declared the winner. Bush family consigliere James Baker (and current Jeb Bush advisor) was in control of the spin from the beginning and the Republicans had election lawyers flown in from all over the country within hours. They were prepared to fight it all the way. But there can be no doubt that if it hadn’t been for the ineptitude of the Jeb Bush electoral machinery, with its butterfly ballots and illegal voter purges, the vote would never have been as close as it was. It’s also a fact that Al Gore won the national popular vote and that more Floridians intended to vote for him than George W. Bush.  It’s unlikely that anyone will ever be able to prove beyond a doubt that Jeb Bush put his thumb on the scale to ensure that his brother never lost his lead or that behind the scenes he worked the levers of power in the state that brought W’s dubious victory. But let’s not kid ourselves. George W Bush was very, very lucky that his recount happened in Florida. Brother Jeb’s a fix it guy from way back. Watch how “Jeb Can Fix It” is backfiring:",1
2613,Netanyahu poised for third straight term as Israel PM after chief rival concedes,"Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu began working Wednesday to form a coalition government with nationalist and ultra-Orthodox Jewish parties after his conservative Likud party scored a resounding and surprising victory following a fractious election campaign.

Netanyahu said that he had spoken with the heads of five other parties that he hoped to bring into his government, adding that he hopes to complete the delicate task in ""two to three weeks.""

""The reality isn't waiting on us,"" Netanyahu said in a statement. ""Reality isn't taking a break. The citizens of Israel expect us to quickly put together a leadership that will work for the sake of the country's security, economy, and society as we promised to do, and that is what I will do.""

Netanyahu's main rival -- Isaac Herzog of the centrist Zionist Union -- confirmed Wednesday that he had called the incumbent to congratulate him on his victory.

""I wished him luck, but let it be clear, the problems are the same problems, nothing has changed,"" said Herzog, who attempted to make economic and social issues the focus of the campaign in contrast to Netanyahu's focus on security. Herzog also vowed that his party would serve as ""an alternative in every area"" to Likud.

According to official results reported in Israeli media early Wednesday, Likud had won at least 29 seats in the 120-member Knesset, five more than Herzog's centrist Zionist Union. No other party had more than 14 seats, and a party or coalition must have at least 61 seats to form a government. A key bloc that could sew up Netanyahu's premiership is Kulanu, another centrist party lead by former government minister Moshe Kahlon that was projected to earn 10 seats in the latest figures.

Kahlon, whose campaign focused almost entirely on bread-and-butter economic issues, refused to take sides.

""I am loyal to my way,"" he told his supporters, saying he would work to form a government committed to social justice.

Likud significantly outperformed all the polls in the run-up to the election, all of which had predicted a second-place finish for the party behind the Zionist Union. Netanyahu claimed victory early Wednesday in a speech to cheering supporters at party headquarters in Tel Aviv.

""Against all the odds we obtained a great victory for the Likud,"" Netanyahu told the gathering. ""Now we must form a strong and stable government that will ensure Israel's security and welfare,"" he added, in comments aimed at Kahlon.

At a rally of his supporters, Herzog had vowed to do his utmost to form a government and said he too had reached out to potential coalition partners. However, his effort to build a coalition was complicated by the possibility of having to rely on support from a new Arab alliance that was projected to capture 14 seats. But Arab parties have never sat in an Israeli coalition before.

Stav Shaffir, a leader of the Zionist Union, called the results a ""clear vote of no confidence in Netanyahu.""

Netanyahu had ruled out a ""unity"" government with the Zionist Union that would give him a broader coalition, and Herzog had also been cool to the idea without explicitly dismissing the prospect.

President Reuven Rivlin will now spend the next few days consulting with the various parties, whose leaders will all offer recommendations for who should be prime minister.

The final weeks of the campaign had become a referendum on Netanyahu, a towering figure in Israeli politics who has spent more time as Prime Minister than anyone except the country's founding father, David Ben-Gurion.

Netanyahu, who already has a testy relationship with President Barack Obama, took a sharp turn to the right in the final days of the campaign, staking out a series of hard-line positions that will put him at odds with the international community.

In his most dramatic policy reversal, he said he now opposes the creation of a Palestinian state — a key policy goal of the White House and the international community. He also promised to expand construction in Jewish areas of east Jerusalem, the section of the city claimed by the Palestinians as their capital.

Netanyahu infuriated the White House early this month when he delivered a speech to the U.S. Congress criticizing an emerging nuclear deal with Iran. The speech was arranged with Republican leaders and not coordinated with the White House ahead of time.

In Washington, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Obama was confident strong U.S.-Israeli ties would endure far beyond the election regardless of the victor.

The Palestinians, fed up after years of deadlock with Netanyahu, are now likely to press ahead with their attempts to bring war crimes charges against Israel in the International Criminal Court.

""What Netanyahu is doing and stating are war crimes and if the international community wants peace it should make Netanyahu accountable for his acts,"" said Palestinian official Saeb Erekat. He said the Palestinian leadership will meet Thursday to discuss its next steps.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click for more from The Jerusalem Post.",1
2055,Clinton says she'll decide about 2016 next year,"(CNN) - Hillary Clinton says she'll decide in 2014 about whether she'll make another run for the White House in 2016.

""Obviously, I will look carefully at what I think I can do and make that decision sometime next year,"" Clinton said in an interview with ABC's Barbara Walters that aired Wednesday night.

Clinton, who was named Walter's ""Most Fascinating Person of 2013,"" was quite open in the interview about her feelings towards launching another presidential campaign, but also emphasized again that it's too early to be obsessing about the next race for the White House.

""It's such a difficult decision and it's one that I'm not going to rush into ... and I don't think we should be looking at the next election,""Clinton said. ""I think we should be looking at the work that we have today. Our unemployment rate is too high. We have people getting kicked off food stamps who are in terrible economic straits. Small business is not getting credit, I could go on and on, so I think we ought to pay attention to what's happening right now.""

Since Clinton stepped down as Secretary of State at the beginning of the year, speculation has mounted that she'll run again for the Democratic presidential nomination. Then-Sen. Clinton battled then-Sen. Barack Obama in a marathon fight for their party's nomination in the first half of 2008 before she bowed out in June.

Now, for the first time in decades, neither Clinton or her husband, former President Bill Clinton, are in public office, which she calls a ""relief.""

""I knew that I wanted to get off this high wire that I had been on for so long,"" Clinton said. ""To spend time just doing things that give us a lot of joy, playing with our dogs, going to movies, just hanging out.""

Asked whether her husband wants her to run, Clinton said that Bill Clinton has been ""very respectful,"" adding that he wants her to ""do what I think is right.""

Asked if she wants to see a woman in the White House, Clinton answered, ""of course,"" but said, ""I don't know the exact timing of it or who that might be.""

If she decides to run, Clinton would instantly become the overwhelming frontrunner for her party's nomination, and she's been miles ahead of the other potential Democratic White House hopefuls in every public opinion poll.

A new national survey by Fairleigh Dickinson University indicates that if the 2016 race for the nomination were held today, 63% of Democrats would back Clinton as their party's nominee, with no other possible contender even cracking  double digits. According to the poll, which was released Thursday, Clinton grabs the support of 66% of liberals, 61% of moderates and 58% of the smaller faction of conservative Democrats.

The Fairleigh Dickinson University poll was conducted December 9-15, with 1,002 adults nationwide questioned by telephone. The survey's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3.1 percentage points.",1
4108,The 5 big things we learned about Congress in 2015,"Let's start with what we already knew when the 114th Congress gaveled in this January: Republicans were cheering their control of both chambers for the first time in eight years, including a historic majority in the House of Representatives.

But they inherited a Congress suffering from serious morale problems. Congress had a reputation for being ineffective, unpleasant and unpopular. Americans told Gallup pollsters they thought car salespeople and telemarketers were more honest than their lawmakers in Washington, D.C. -- a distinction that remains at year's end:

Amid that dismal back drop, Congress arguably got even worse as the year went on. There were shutdown threats, leadership crises and drama from nasty 2016 presidential primaries seeping into its halls. And then suddenly, at the end of the year, things came together.

House Republicans got a new -- if initially reluctant -- leader in Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.). Both sides can claim victories in a flurry of last-minute bipartisan legislation that funded the government, extended tax breaks and lifted the debt ceiling.

There are plenty of reasons to be pessimistic about Congress next year as well, but thanks to the sudden change of events in the House, lawmakers on both sides of the aisle will tell you there's at least a glimmer of hope things will be less contentious in 2016.

But to understand what might be to come, we have to first dissect what just happened. Here are five things we learned about Congress from this tumultuous year:

1. The House is still broken …

Consider these sobering statistics from Gallup: Those who pay attention to Congress actually like it less. In other words, it's not people who don't actually tune in who are dismissing Congress as a bunch of louts.

And since July, Republicans have actually given the GOP-controlled Congress lower approval ratings than Democrats and independents, according to a November Gallup poll.

It's not normal to have members of the party in control of Congress most upset with Congress. But maybe these voters are on to something. The story of 2015 on Capitol Hill is filled with congressional gridlock on just about every major issue, the government very nearly shutting down in October and the House leader's sudden resignation as his own members threatened to remove him.

A growing and emboldened group of 30 to 40 conservatives played a big role in all this by holding up or stopping legislation they didn't approve of. By refusing to back down from their demands, the group became so influential it eventually ushered Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) out of his job.

The Fix's Chris Cillizza has argued our current divided, outsider-driven political system is encouraging the drama. Lawmakers are able to take more hard-line stands without political consequences thanks to more polarized districts back home, while influential outside groups flush with cash are encouraging such behavior.

Adding to the challenges is a group of about 70-100 Republican lawmakers who are nervous about primary challengers because they are otherwise in safe districts. They joined the conservative cause on many votes this year, from not funding the Department of Homeland Security to standing firm against a debt limit increase. Congressional leaders had fewer tools at their disposal -- like earmarks for pet projects -- to entice members to vote differently.

These dynamics have been quietly forming and playing out for a few years , and in 2015 we finally saw the chaos burst to the surface.

2. … But it can hobble along

At least, the most optimistic of those in Republican leadership say so. They point to the spending bill and tax deal that Ryan and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) slapped together to avoid a government shutdown. It got a majority of votes from both parties, although congressional budget watchers mostly attribute the vote totals to goodies the leaders tacked onto the bill -- basically earmarks in everything but name.

And let's not forget that on his way out the door, a beleaguered Boehner managed to strike a budget deal with Pelosi that lifted the debt ceiling through 2016 -- taking a potentially disastrous default debate off the table for the presidential election.

Notice the figure central to both Ryan's and Boehner's deal-making: Pelosi. Even though House Republicans have one of the largest majorities since the Great Depression, Democrats played a significant role this year by helping pass just about every must-pass deal, sometimes even carrying the majority of ""yes"" votes.

As such, Pelosi had a lot of leverage to shape outcomes. We named her one of the spending deal's winners after Democrats secured major victories, including getting domestic spending increased by the same amount as military spending. Republicans got some things to brag about too, like lifting the 40-year crude oil export ban.

The back-and-forth is just what happens in a legislative body with a sizable minority -- or at least one empowered by a divided majority. ""Welcome to divided government,"" Rep. Tom Cole (R-Okla.) told me last week.

And as long as conservatives in the House continue to split off from their party, a divided government is likely to be Congress's reality next year, too. Which means Ryan faces many of the same predicaments Boehner did -- the end-of-year agreements notwithstanding.

One of the most interesting storylines in Congress this year is the goodwill conservatives extended to Ryan, their new leader, even though he arguably didn't produce results that different from Boehner's.

Ryan managed to negotiate a spending bill with Democrats in the same manner and with largely the same outcomes that Boehner likely would have. But Ryan did it without earning the same kind of vitriol from the right flank of his party that Boehner likely would have. The group on the right didn't like the spending bill, and many didn't vote for it, but they didn't call Ryan names for negotiating it with Democrats.

Knowing he was at risk of being compared to the politically toxic former speaker during these negotiations, Ryan did his best to subtly draw contrasts with Boehner outside of them -- Boehner smokes and drinks; Ryan works out every morning. Boehner stacked powerful committees with his allies; Ryan opened the positions up to the whole House.

Cole told The Fix that Ryan also did a better job than Boehner explaining to Republicans why he was negotiating with Democrats and taking everyone's ideas into account -- even if they wound up on the cutting room floor.

Ryan might be different enough in style from Boehner that some conservatives skeptical of their party's establishment were willing to forgive the two men's similarities in substance.

On the other hand, it has only been two months.

4. Republicans aren't the only ones with partisan drama

A lot has been written -- including here on The Fix -- about the influence of the far-right on the Republican Party, pulling the party to the right both in Congress and on the campaign trail while rendering the House basically ungovernable.

That, in broad strokes, is true. But there are signs Democrats are also moving closer and closer to the extreme of their party, too.

Earlier this month, we named liberal leader Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) one of the winners of the Democratic presidential primary so far, as front-runner Hillary Clinton picks up on some of Warren's economic populist rhetoric. The populist Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) is also having surprising success this year, for obvious reasons.

Nonpartisan tech start-up Crowdpac (the ones who recently matched up the 10 most liberal and 10 most conservative cities by campaign donors) tried to put numbers to such anecdotal evidence. The company analyzed who has been giving money to lawmakers and tracked lawmakers' votes since 1980. Here's what they found:

The findings, which combine political contributions and voting records of members of Congress, go back to our first point: Congressional lawmakers have little incentive to reach for the middle when politics is pushing them further and further apart.

Earlier this year, one of Republicans' first challenges in their new position of power was to try to stop the president's executive actions on immigration. They didn't. However, a multi-state court challenge has held up those same immigration actions to the point where they might not be implemented before President Obama leaves office.

A similar situation has played out with the president's 2010 health-care reform law. The House has voted more than 60 times over the past four years to repeal Obamacare. Such a bill has never made it to the president's desk.

By contrast, there have been not one but two challenges to the law that made it to the Supreme Court. Even though the court upheld the law both times, the legal challenges got further than the legislation ever could.

We could say the same thing for Republicans' attempts to roll back the Obama administration's regulations to cut power plants' emissions, which they haven't been able to stop in Congress either. But those regulations are facing a multi-state legal challenge. (In June, the Supreme Court narrowly ruled against the administration's attempts to regulate mercury from power plants.)

In short, trying to stop or reverse Obama's agenda has confounded congressional Republicans, and that failure been a major source of frustration for the increasingly influential grassroots faction of the party.

Perhaps trying to advance political agendas through this broken, partisan and often unpredictable Congress is the reason why.",1
4902,Reuters/Ipsos Poll: Trump Closes in on Clinton's Projected Electoral Lead,"Republican Donald Trump appears to have carved out a wider path to the White House as a number of states including Florida and Ohio are no longer considered likely wins for Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, according to the latest Reuters/Ipsos States of the Nation project released on Saturday.

The project, which combines opinion polls with an analysis of voting patterns under different election scenarios, still shows Clinton would have the best chance of winning the presidency if the Nov. 8 election were held today. Yet Trump has caught up to her level of support in several states.

Clinton now has an 83 percent chance of winning the election by an average of 47 votes in the Electoral College, the body that ultimately selects the president. In late August, the States of the Nation estimated that Clinton had a 95 percent chance of winning by an average of 108 electoral votes.

Over the past few weeks, Clinton's lead in the national polls has slipped considerably. Polls tend to narrow as Election Day nears, and the Clinton campaign has struggled to overcome controversy about how she handled classified information while serving as secretary of state.

A separate Reuters/Ipsos poll of likely voters showed an 8-point lead for Clinton has vanished since the last week of August.

Clinton is still favored to win 17 states, including many with large, urban populations such as New York, New Jersey and California that heavily influence the outcome of the election. Trump would likely win 23 states, many of them with smaller populations.

The number of states projected for Clinton has dropped over the past few weeks. Two of those states, Ohio and Florida, were considered likely wins for Clinton in late August. Now the candidates are about even in support. Five more states, including Michigan and North Carolina are also up for grabs.

The sample size was insufficient to determine the outcome in Wyoming, Vermont, Alaska and the District of Columbia, though Alaska usually votes Republican and Washington D.C. for the Democratic Party candidate.

The Reuters/Ipsos States of the Nation project is driven by an online survey that gathers responses from about 15,000 people per week. Their responses are weighted according to the latest population estimates, and each respondent is ranked according to their likelihood to vote.

Once the poll is complete, the project tallies the levels of support and estimated error for both candidates, and then runs multiple election simulations given their respective support.",1
4502,Drama On The Docket: High Court's Term Set To End With Slate Of Big Cases,"Drama On The Docket: High Court's Term Set To End With Slate Of Big Cases

Major decisions are expected this month, as the U.S. Supreme Court works its way through several cases still pending before it closes out its calendar for the 2014-2015 term.

Among the biggest issues hanging fire: the status of same-sex marriages, subsidies for health insurance under Obamacare and the drugs that states may use to administer the death penalty by lethal injection. But the court is also expected to weigh in on the drawing of lines for congressional elections, the right to put the Confederate flag on license plates and the right of a municipality to regulate outdoor signage.

""Decision days"" are scheduled for each Monday this month, along with Thursday, June 18 — and there could be yet another day announced, as well. The court has not gone beyond June in more than 20 years.

It is typical for the court to issue its most important and controversial rulings in the final days of its annual session. Many expect the same-sex-marriage and Obamacare decisions to come later in the month. But many court observers are expecting the lethal injection decision sooner, along with more than a dozen cases that carry considerable significance of their own.

The court meets at 10 a.m. ET Monday and on the other decision days of the month. NPR will be covering the proceedings and reporting on the decisions as soon as they become available, on our regular radio programs, on NPR.org, NPR One and other platforms.

Lethal Injection (Glossip v. Gross)

As traditional methods such as hanging, firing squad and electrocution have fallen from favor, states with the death penalty have been injecting a ""protocol,"" or series of drugs, to execute death row prisoners. But pharmaceutical companies now refuse to provide sodium thiopental, the drug used at the beginning of the series to make the prisoner lose consciousness.

States have looked for substitutes, including midazolam, which is a sedative and not an anesthetic. Inmates who have brought this case say that those who receive this drug may remain conscious after dosage, when they receive subsequent drugs. Some members of the court were clearly sympathetic to this viewpoint in the oral argument earlier this year. But some of the court's conservatives seemed to regard it as a ""backdoor"" means to undermine the death penalty itself.

If the court sides with the inmates, states will have to scramble to find alternative means of execution, which may include a return to the more traditional methods.

Obamacare (King v. Burwell)

Plaintiffs have argued that only those states that have set up their own exchanges for the purchase of health care insurance are entitled to give subsidies to lower-income people. States that let the federal government set up their exchanges for them, they contend, may not accept the federal tax credits that subsidize those eligible in state-run exchanges. The administration argues that the intent of the legislators was clear, whatever the exact wording of the 2010 Affordable Care Act, and that all exchanges are eligible for the subsidies.

If the court rules for the plaintiffs, subsidies could go away for more than 6 million current recipients, although the timetable for their losing insurance is somewhat uncertain. Congress would be under pressure to act.

Taking this many people out of the system would also affect the private health insurance market and the amount that people pay in insurance premiums. The degree of impact would depend on how sweeping the justices' ruling is. But it could affect individuals, small business, large business, the insurance industry, doctors and hospitals.

Same-Sex Marriage (Obergefell v. Hodges and related cases)

A series of recent rulings by the high court has led to the legalization of same-sex marriage in three dozen states, which are home to more than 70 percent of the U.S. population. This has happened despite many states' efforts to enact bans on such marriages, either by legislation or by referendum.

These laws and state constitutional amendments have been consistently struck down by federal courts at the district and appellate levels — except for the Federal Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit. This one court, sitting in Cincinnati, upheld the ban enacted in that state and several others and said states did not have to recognize marriages performed legally in other states. This ""circuit split"" between appeals judges brought the case before the U.S. Supreme Court earlier this year.

The court now has the opportunity to clarify the legal situation by legalizing same-sex marriage in all 50 states or to adopt any of several more complicated resolutions — leaving some states with legal same-sex marriage but others — perhaps most — without. The court is also deciding a related case regarding the right of a state to refuse to recognize a same-sex marriage that took place legally in another state.

Arizona State Legislature v. Arizona Independent Redistricting Commission

Are state laws that put redistricting in the hands of independent commissions unconstitutional? Arizona voters created a commission by constitutional amendment, and some state legislators say that this strips them of their redistricting power, thus violating the U.S. Constitution.

Walker v. Texas Division, Sons Of The Confederacy

May states constitutionally ban the Sons of the Confederacy from displaying the Confederate battle flag on vanity license plates?

Reed v. Town of Gilbert, Ariz.

What should be the constitutional rules for municipalities seeking to limit sign clutter? In this case, a church posted signs that the town wanted to regulate or remove.

Michigan v. EPA

At what point does the federal Clean Air Act require the Environmental Protection Agency to take into account the costs that factory owners face in complying with EPA regulation? Should it be before or after deciding to regulate hazardous pollutants?

Texas Department of Housing and Community Affairs v. The Inclusive Communities Project 

The most significant race-related case of the term involves what's called ""disparate impact"" in housing. Must plaintiffs have proof of someone's intent to discriminate?",1
3970,A liberal plan to defeat ISIS: Here’s how we avoid Ted Cruz’s religious police state,"The Islamist terrorist attacks that took place almost simultaneously in five locations across Paris last Friday night were shocking in scale and unprecedented in Europe over the past decade: 129 killed immediately, 352 injured (of whom 99 are in critical condition), a country-wide state of emergency declared, thousands of troops deployed to Paris, demonstrations forbidden in the Ile-de-France region encompassing the French capital, border checks reimposed.  The death toll would be bad enough alone, but that one of the assailants entered Europe (in October, via Greece) as a Syrian “refugee” compounds the fear and dread resulting from the massacre: Hundreds of thousands of migrants (two out of three of whom are male) have poured into Europe this year, and a majority are from (Muslim) Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan. Some of the other attackers were French- or Belgian-born Muslims.

French President François Hollande, the following day, addressed his people, denouncing an “act of war that was prepared, organized, and planned from the outside, with complicity within our country that our investigation will allow us to establish.”  He named the entity behind the perpetrators: the “terrorist army, Daesh” — ISIS — “a jihadist army,” and promised that France would act “pitilessly against Daesh barbarians.”  The “barbarians'” motive?  They sought to strike at “the values we defend all over the world, at that which we are, a free country that speaks to the entire planet.”

Of the other potential motives — avenging the ongoing French bombing raids against ISIS in Iraq and Syria, plus the two-year French anti-Islamist military intervention in West Africa — Hollande had nothing to say.

ISIS “contained,” President Obama, for his part, having the previous day declared ISIS “contained,” called the ISIS massacre “an attack on all of humanity and the universal values that we share” carried out by those with “a hateful vision.”  Just what sort of “hateful vision” he declined to specify.  (Not that we, by this point, expected him to.)  Clearly, though, our values are not as universal as he would have us think.

ISIS, however, is never coy or evasive in explaining why it does what it does, and emitted a communique of arresting clarity explaining its motives: “a group of believers from the soldiers of the Caliphate . . . set out targeting the capital of prostitution and vice, the lead-carrier of the cross in Europe — Paris.”  They did so “hoping to be killed for Allah’s sake, doing so in support of His religion, . . . His Prophet . . . and His allies.”  They “cast terror into the hearts of crusaders in their very own homeland,” and then detonated their suicide belts with the result that “Allah granted them what they desired” — martyrdom.  France and its allies, the text went on to state, “will continue to be at the top of the target list for the Islamic State . . . as long as they partake in their crusader campaign, as long as they dare to curse our Prophet, and as long as they boast about their war against Islam in France and their strikes against Muslims in the lands of the Caliphate with their jets.”

Any rational individual hoping to make sense of why so many people lost their lives in Paris last Friday night could do no better than dispense with the proclamations issued by presidents Hollande and Obama and just read ISIS’s explanation.  The facts it presents are clear and indisputable:

ISIS attacked France because France is leading a “crusade,” bombarding it (in Syria and Iraq) and (unmentioned but surely relevant) crushing the Islamist insurgency in West Africa. On secularist constitutional grounds, France has banned Islamic headgear from schools as potentially divisive “ostentatious religious symbols” and outlawed wearing face-concealing veils in public places as threats to security and national cohesion, as well as being inimical to personal freedom — the equivalent, for ISIS, of waging a “war against Islam.” France stood behind the satirical cartoonists of Charlie Hebdo and free speech ideals after a pair of Islamist brothers assassinated 12 of them last January for repeatedly depicting the Prophet Muhammad, which, for ISIS, amounts to “cursing” him.  The ISIS assailants sought, and mostly received, death for the sake of their faith — martyrdom — just as the Quran promises.

Note the communique’s defiant, triumphal tone — the tone of victors.  Note, concomitantly, the absence of all the factors to which Islamist apologists have ascribed as contributing to Islamist violence committed by French citizens of mostly North African descent in the past; nary a word about discrimination, racism, lack of opportunity, youth unemployment, police brutality, or poverty in Parisian suburbs.  This is not to say that these factors had no role to play in disposing the French-born assailants to play their role in the attacks — they may have.  But the primum mobile for ISIS transpires as unmistakably politico-religious (natural, given that  Islam blends faith and politics), buttressed, to be sure, by the virulent excoriations of infidels found in the Quran .  France is attacking ISIS in the Middle East (and thus acting as “crusaders”) and thwarting the unhindered observance of Islam in France.  France is, thus, impeding the advance of Islam, the True Religion, and thus must incur God’s wrath.

Now no fair observer of the growing religion-inspired chaos we see around us today would contend that all Muslims, be they in Europe or elsewhere, crave martyrdom and are ready to kill for it, or even pose a security threat.  What is clear, though, is that the doctrine of jihad as laid out in the Islamic canon does repeatedly motivate lethal instances of terrorist violence.  We don’t need to furrow our brows and deduce this from abstruse pronouncements; ISIS jihadists themselves are telling us why they are acting, just as al-Qaida once did.  They are proudly showing themselves in action: check out, if you can stomach it, ISIS’s own videos.

And lest you labor under the misconception that, as Obama has said , ISIS has nothing to do with Islam, read and share Graeme Wood’s exhaustive account in the Atlantic of the movement and its aims.  ISIS is not Islamic?  There exists no Islamic equivalent of the pope to make such a determination. Wood’s report shreds this ridiculous assertion anyway. That Hollande and Obama choose to avoid such blunt causal attribution makes (short-sighted) political sense.  France’s population may be, by now, 10 percent Muslim.  Obama does not want to alienate Muslim communities in the United States, whose cooperation he needs to track radicalized youths, nor does he wish to endanger American interests abroad by “demonizing,” as we are so often inclined to say now, Islam as a whole.  We get all that.  The underlying assumption, however — that Muslims must be placated or they may explode into violence — may be less obvious.  In any case, by avoiding the issue — the jihadist problems the generally accepted Islamic canon presents us with — our leaders hinder our having conversations we need to have, our asking questions we simply must ask. Namely, what are we to do about the strongly illiberal convictions held, the data demonstrate, by majorities of Muslims across the Islamic world, convictions that, surely, have stymied any united Muslim attempt to counter ISIS?  Muslim migrants are now entering Europe, unchecked in any meaningful way, in record numbers.  Given that Muslim majorities support making Sharia the official law of their lands, believe one must believe in God to be moral and that religious leaders should play a role in politics, hold that wives must obey their husbands, and favor stoning adulterers and putting to death apostates, how, if at all, are Western societies to adapt?  (Majorities, Pew found, also profess to approve of democracy and religious freedom, which are simply incongruous with the beliefs just canvassed.)  How will peace and comity in our increasingly multicultural, multi-confessional societies be possible if one group adheres to, and acts upon, violent and divisive dogmas inscribed in immutable ancient texts?  What is the best policy Western governments can enact in the Islamic world, given that military intervention has proved disastrous and counterproductive; supporting secular dictators has resulted, eventually, in morasses of strife and mayhem; and key Western “allies” (Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Kuwait) are clearly playing a double game by accepting Western backing yet propagating fundamentalist Islam? It’s a safe bet that neither Hollande nor Obama has answers to these questions. If we refuse to address these issues, terrorist attacks will likely multiply and push our politics ever further to the right.  We may well then end up in police states, with security organs even more pervasive and intrusive than they are now.  Or even more perniciously, confused about what is at stake, we may continue our slide into craven accommodationism, into accepting illiberal beliefs (and resulting behavior) as the off-limits patrimony of various religious and national groups, thereby consigning to the dust bin of history once-lauded ideals of universal human rights.  (This is just what “Islamophobia” denouncers are after.)  We should always bear in mind that there is only one Universal Declaration on Human Rights, and it grants no exceptions on the basis of religion or culture.  That one or another faith happens to boast a majority of nonwhite adherents does not make criticism of that faith racist.  Islam in particular has universalist pretensions and so must be liable to criticism by all.  We need to junk, finally, the preposterous claim, advanced by the religion’s apologists, that Islam cannot motivate violence. If our politicians won’t come clean about the parlous juncture at which we find ourselves, we have to.  We must regain confidence in, and appreciation for, our Enlightenment and Western values — reason, equal rights for all (regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, or faith), and consensus-based decisions and the rule of law established not by ancient texts, but by elected legislatures operating under the aegis of a secular constitution.  The societies the West has built, as imperfect as they are, offer such grand prospects for human happiness and prosperity that they are drawing millions from less fortunate lands, millions who may have little understanding of what makes these societies work.  We cannot betray those seekers of a better (that is, more secular) life among them, especially women and children, by jettisoning our values under pressure from accommodationists, who often attack straight thinkers as “politically incorrect.” We either buck up and stand by our Enlightenment values, promoting them with zeal, or we will reap a savage whirlwind and lose all that we cherish.",1
4121,Benghazi: The fundamental question that still hasn't been answered,"The Benghazi Committee set out to investigate why four Americans died in Benghazi September 11, 2012, not to damage a presidential candidate. Rightly or wrongly, their credibility has been called into question, including by statements from fellow Republicans.

What I’ll be watching for on Thursday is not questions about Hillary Clinton’s emails; but the fundamental question:  What were the Americans doing in Benghazi in the first place?  Consulates and embassy annexes are where diplomats issue visas and find lost luggage, and that’s clearly not what former special forces Americans were doing.

Who was Ambassador Stevens supposed to meet in Benghazi, and who was responsible for his security?

Which Libyan militia groups were we partnering with and who vetted them?

For over a year there have been unconfirmed reports that the Benghazi was a gun running operation to take Qaddafi’s abandoned weapons and turn them over to Syrian rebels. Is this what the American contractors were doing – running guns?

Were we working with and arming Libyan rebels who turned out to be Al Qaeda-type terrorists?  If that’s true, then not only was this foolish, it was illegal.

Some have said that all of this is reminiscent of Watergate. And yes, Secretary Clinton worked House Judiciary Committee as a 27-year-old staff attorney during the Watergate investigation.  But these are echoes not of Watergate, as some have claimed, but of the Iran-Contra affair.

The committee should focus on what happened in the weeks leading up to the Benghazi attack.

They should ask why Ambassador Stevens’ repeated calls for more security were ignored.

They should question why there was no rescue mission mounted while our men were under attack.

And, yes, they should ask who decided to lie about the events on September 11, 2012 being a planned terrorist attack and instead of using the lame excuse that they were the result of a YouTube video sparking a demonstration that got out of hand.

These questions have all been asked before but they have never answered.

Now, fast forward to October 22, 2015, the committee has new evidence, including Ambassador Stevens’ own emails. This time it will be difficult for any witness to keep dodging the questions.

Finally, and perhaps the most fundamental question of all – was the fiasco of the Libyan war another example of the Obama administration’s love affair with moderately radical Islamists? Has the Obama administration been willfully blind -- from the start -- to the dangers posed by all radical Islamists in Libya, in Egypt, in Syria, in Iraq, in Iran?

There is an overwhelming temptation for any politician in today’s Washington to be partisan.  But it was the same forty years ago during the Watergate scandal.

I know because I was there, working for Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger as a young aide in the West Wing.  It was a dark time not just for the Nixon team, but for the country.

The nation’s business was put on hold for well over a year while we investigated the president and his closest associates.

In the end, the system worked. Nixon resigned, a new president was sworn in and the rift was healed. It was due in no small part to the integrity of the Watergate Committee members – both Republican and Democrat.

Most of them were able to rise above politics and serve the nation’s business. A few, however, learned a different lesson – not the lesson that no one is above the law, but as long as you don’t get caught…

Was Secretary Clinton trying to hide something with her private email system? Perhaps. But that’s for the FBI to decide, not the House Republicans.",1
4036,A surprisingly fascinating theory for why Canada is so boring,"Why is Canada so boring? It's a question that Canadian journalist Jeet Heer tried to answer in a series of tweets that are both quaintly earnest (this is a Canadian writing about Canadianness, after all) and surprisingly insightful. The question, it turns out, gets to the very core of what it means to be Canadian. That might sound to Americans like the setup to a joke, but to the country's 36 million citizens it's a very real — and not totally settled — issue.

The full series of tweets is embedded below and well worth your time, but Heer lands on two theories. (As he clarifies, these apply to English-speaking Canada, not to the culturally un-integrated French-speaking Quebec.)

The nice theory: Canadians have cultivated an identity of boringness as an alternative to the two other cultures that loom so large for them: the British, whose empire they were a part of until relatively recently, and the noisy Americans to the south. ""Canadian boringness isn't intrinsic: it's something we work at, cherish and reward,"" Heer writes. Because both of those cultural forces exert such power in Canada, cultivated boringness is another way of saying, ""We are not British and we are not American.""

The less nice theory: Canada's self-made image of boringness is really just shorthand for whiteness. In other words, Canadian culture emphasizes ""look at how charmingly boring we are"" as a polite way of saying ""this is a white, Anglo nation."" Or, as Heer put it, ""The constructed mask of boringness is also the mask of whiteness."" This, he suggests, ""presents the county as being much whiter than it is"" and is a way to exclude First Nations and ethnic minorities from Canadian identity.

There is probably real truth to both of these.

One point I will add is that I've noticed Canadians frequently describe their culture in contrast to American culture. But talking so much about how you are different from Americans is really just another way of talking around all the ways you're similar, and this preoccupation with highlighting the differences and downplaying the similarities has always felt telling to me.

Canadian writer Bruce McCall, in a great 2013 Vanity Fair piece on why Canada produces so many successful comedians, explained it as a kind of resistance to American culture. ""It is impossible to fully express Canadian resentment of America's cultural dominance, and the sense of impotence and helplessness,"" he writes. ""Humor — subversive, ironic, usually dark — is one of the very few weapons available to the oppressed."" But that's not just a reaction to American identity, of course; it's also a way of dealing with the fact that it leaves very little room for a distinct Canadian identity. Cultivated Canadian boringness is perhaps a way of owning that problem, and making it the identity itself.

Here's Jeet Heer's full series of tweets on the subject:

If you made it to the bottom, as a reward, here is a great old Jim Carrey standup bit on American conceptions of Canada that speak to my earlier points:",1
5179,Trump suggests 'profiling' of Muslims as response to terrorism,"Donald Trump, who has proposed a moratorium on Muslim immigration into the United States and possible surveillance of mosques, is now talking about ""profiling"" Muslims as a response to terrorism.

""I think profiling is something that we're going to have to start thinking about as a country,"" Trump said on CBS' Face The Nation.

While adding that ""I hate the concept of profiling,"" Trump said that ""we have to start using common sense and we have to use, you know, we have to use our heads.""

Profiling is an oft-criticized law enforcement tactic. The National Institute of Justice -- the research and development of the Justice Department -- defined racial profiling as a ""practice that targets people for suspicion of crime based on their race, ethnicity, religion or national origin.""

African-Americans and Hispanics have long protested police profiling that ranges from traffic stops to questioning about alleged crimes.

Trump has stepped up comments about ""radical Islamic extremism"" in the wake of last week's mass shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando, and his proposals have drawn criticism from opponents.

Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said the Muslim migration ban and other proposals would help the Islamic State and other extremists recruit new members, and alienate Muslim nations who are helping the U.S. fight terrorism.

Trump's approach ""is un-American,"" Clinton said last week. ""It goes against everything we stand for as a country founded on religious freedom. But it is also dangerous.""

In his CBS interview, Trump said Israel and other nations use profiling. ""We're not using common sense,"" he said.",1
4882,Gary Johnson snags newspaper endorsement,"Libertarian presidential nominee Gary Johnson received the endorsement of a prominent Virginia paper in an editorial posted Saturday night, notching a Labor Day weekend win for his third party bid.

The glowing appraisal of Johnson's candidacy by the Richmond Times-Dispatch's editorial board contrasts the former New Mexico governor with Republican nominee Donald Trump and Democratic standard-bearer Hillary Clinton, both of whom lack the proper character traits to be president, the paper said.

""Neither Donald Trump nor Hillary Clinton meets the fundamental moral and professional standards we have every right to expect of an American president,"" the editorial board writes.

The editorial board's backing of Johnson is also a break in its partisan leanings, as it has endorsed Republican candidates in every presidential election for the past 36 years.

Johnson performed poorly in Virginia during his 2012 effort, securing less than one percent of the state's vote . The ex-governor has said he hopes to break out this year due to the low favorability ratings for Trump and Clinton, and the paper followed that line of thinking.

The editorial also called for Johnson to join the nationally-televised debates alongside Trump and Clinton. The former governor has said repeatedly that he needs to make the general election debates to have any realistic chance at the White House. The presidential debate commission requires a candidate to reach an average of 15 percent in the polls it has selected. Johnson must rapidly improve his position to meet this threshold. CNN's latest poll of polls found Johnson sitting at an average of 9 percent nationwide, and a Quinnipiac poll from mid-August had Johnson at 12 percent in Virginia.",1
2262,Gay Marriage Ruling Fallout: Christian Leaders React,"Christian leaders are responding with love, concern and warnings of civil disobedience in the aftermath of the Supreme Court's historical decision on marriage.

The high court has declared that same-sex couples have a constitutional right to marry anywhere in the United States.

They have already had the right in 36 states and the District of Columbia.  Now, the remaining 14 states will no longer be allowed to uphold their definitions of traditional marriage.

*Click play to watch more of our extensive coverage as Christian leaders react to the court's decision.

Former governor and presidential candidate Mike Huckabee tweeted that the ruling is ""an out-of-control act of unconstitutional judicial tyranny.""

Bob Vander Plaats, a conservative activist in Iowa, told supporters the court ""succumbed to demands to invent a new constitutional 'right' never imagined by our Founders.""

What impact with the gay marriage ruling have on religious liberty? CBN News spoke with Austin Nimocks of the Alliance Defending Freedom for his perspective. Click below to watch.



 Rev. Albert Mohler, the president of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary, admonished followers in a tweet, ""the challenge for Christians now is to speak the truth in love and to speak love in truth.  Love of neighbor means we cannot lie about marriage.""

Many Christian leaders believe the ruling will create a restricted role for people of faith in American society.

""The Supreme Court has stripped all Americans of our freedom to debate and decide marriage policy through the democratic process,"" Jim Campbell, of the Alliance Defending Freedom Senior Legal Counsel, said. ""The freedom to democratically address the most pressing social issues of the day is the heart of liberty.""

*** Many faith leaders believe the Supreme Court ruling recognizing gay marriage will put religious liberty will be at risk.

In the weeks before the ruling came down, the Southern Baptist Convention partnered with the Alliance Defending Freedom to provide guidance for churches and other faith-based institutions called Protecting Your Ministry. CBN News interviewed Dr. Russell Moore about the booklet earlier this month. Watch our interview below.



 Rev. Samuel Rodriguez says the decision ""serves as a defacto and legal catalyst for the marginalization of Americans who embrace a biblical worldview.""

   

 Many leaders, such as Liberty Counsel's Mat Staver, have already called for civil disobedience in response to such a ruling.  Others individuals and organizations are studying the ruling to determine the best ways to respond.",1
1646,Should NBC have let Donald Trump host 'Saturday Night Live'?,"Although Donald Trump's punch lines drew few laughs, some critics are the most embarrassed for NBC, saying the network sacrificed comedic integrity for Trump-promised ratings.

Will Trump's plan to register Muslims make it to The White House?

Tesla under Trump: How will electric cars fare under the next president?

This Nov. 3, 2015 photo provided by NBC shows, ""Saturday Night Live"" cast member Cecily Strong, left, and Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump in New York. Trump hosted the show on Nov. 7.

For NBC’s late night comedy ‘Saturday Night Live,’ cameos by presidential candidates are pretty much expected.

But a presidential candidate as host? That is more surprising. And as the Associated Press put it, “Despite a 40-year history of lampooning politicians while inviting some to mock themselves as on-air guests, booking a presidential candidate to host the NBC sketch-comedy show is almost unprecedented.”

On Saturday, leading GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump hosted Saturday Night Live, as protesters  picketed outside of the New York studio. And although Trump drew few laughs, some say his hosting appearance was a smart political move for the real estate mogul. Trump shaped the show to his advantage, and NBC let him.

Before the show, Trump told Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly that he refused to participated in some skit ideas because they were “too risqué” and “I’m leading in Iowa, I want to stay leading in Iowa.”

“I walk into the room, there are 100 [writers] – and they’re all about 17 years old, OK? They’re all young and all up in your face,” Trump told O’Reilly. “But they come up with many, many skits and you pick the ones you think you like.”

According to a measurement by Variety, Trump was on screen for about 12 minutes – far less than past hosts’ time on screen, with Amy Schumer clocking in nearly 26 minutes for the Oct. 10 episode  she hosted and Miley Cyrus starring in almost 22 minutes for her Oct. 3 episode.

Maybe NBC was conscious of Trump’s limited experience performing scripted comedy, or maybe they were hyper-aware of the FCC’s ‘equal time rule’ that requires television stations to grant equal air time to other presidential candidates who request it. Either way, Trump seemed confident that his SNL appearance would garner high ratings for NBC – no matter how they were won.

Trump’s episode gave SNL its biggest ratings since 2012, close to 10 million viewers. Saturday’s episode beat the previous ratings high from the season premiere a few weeks ago with host Miley Cyrus by 47 percent. The ‘Trump effect’ is also evident in GOP debates, where the first three debates hit 61 million viewers, a statistic that took 13 debates in 2011.

With the majority of Americans having ‘unfavorable’ views of Trump, the ratings are could be less of a signal towards political success and more proof of Americans fascination, morbid or otherwise, with the billionaire presidential contender.

Hank Stuever, the Washington Post's television critic, called Trump's appearance ""almost certainly inappropriate"" for the network, as well as unfunny.

""Having Trump host “SNL” is a tacit nod of approval — of his message, his antics and, yes, his campaign to be the Republican presidential nominee,"" wrote Mr. Stuever.

""Bring back the old America,"" he writes, ""the one where our preeminent vehicle for topical satire would have ably skewered a hateful, nonsensical, vainglorious presidential candidate, rather than invite him into the club and give him more of the empty-calorie media attention he seeks.""",1
4488,"Vital VA hospital project in limbo as price tag soars, lawmakers vow no ‘bail-out’","Nearly one year after a new VA secretary vowed to clean up a broken health care system for America's veterans, a vital new hospital hangs in the balance as lawmakers and the agency fight over how to pay for it.

The dispute came to a head this week as construction on the medical center in Aurora, Colo., was poised to grind to a halt Sunday without congressional approval for more spending beyond the current $800 million.

Just in time, lawmakers found a stopgap solution. After what one aide called grueling discussions between lawmakers and the VA, the House on Thursday was able to pass a temporary fix that would keep things moving -- for three more weeks. The Senate followed suit late Friday afternoon.

But for a project whose estimated costs have ballooned to $1.73 billion, the funding Band-Aid does not solve the long-term issue.

""This is by no means a solution to the problems in Denver, which VA leaders created and are refusing to take responsibility for,"" said Rep. Jeff Miller, R-Fla., chairman of the House Veterans Affairs Committee. ""Rather it is a last-chance effort to convince VA and Obama administration leaders to take the department's problems seriously.""

The latest agreement would raise the authorization cap to $900 million, though the estimated price tag for the hospital is expected to hit $1.7 billion. According to a spokesman for Rep. Mike Coffman, R-Colo., who was against stopping construction for any reason, the deal would hand the VA another $20 million for now, as the project had already reached $880 million in costs since it began.

""The VA ignored my warnings for two years that the Aurora hospital was out-of-control and their refusal to heed my warnings has made a bad situation much worse,"" Coffman said in a statement on Thursday.

The hospital is meant to replace the city's aging, overcrowded facility, and could help relieve a system whose long wait times were at the center of last year's scandal over veterans' care. But the stand-off over construction was just the latest problem for the over-budget, behind-schedule project beset by allegations of waste and mismanagement.

Original designs for the hospital, which is supposed to include a series of nearly a dozen outbuildings for specialty care, estimated a total cost of $328 million. Further changes led Congress to authorize $568 million for the project, and last year, the VA was still saying the facility would cost $630 million, and be complete in 2015. When it was clear the campus could not be finished for under $1 billion, the general contractor, Kiewit-Turner, walked off the job and sued the VA. A panel of judges sided with the contractor in December 2014. The project is now under the auspices of the Army Corps of Engineers.

As the project was turned over to the Army, VA Deputy Secretary Sloan Gibson apologized for the mess. ""I apologize to veterans and to American taxpayers for the delays and the added costs,"" he said at an April 2 news conference, blaming a lack of communication with planners and incomplete designs at the outset, among other things.

Both sides in the VA-Congress dispute have been pointing the finger.

""Right now, VA is essentially asking taxpayers to bail it out of a massive problem of the department's own creation,"" Miller said in a lengthy letter to VA Secretary Bob McDonald on May 20.

Miller and others had been willing to turn off the spigot and let work stop this weekend on the project, which has been in the works since 2004. He's going along with the stopgap plan, but he and other lawmakers say they are still waiting for the VA to offer a plan for how it would pay for the rest of the construction.

Rep. Tim Huelskamp, R-Kan., who sits on the same committee, told FoxNews.com that the three-week extension is a Band-Aid, and he is firmly against continued funding if the VA does not show willingness ""to pay for their mistakes and their screw ups.""

""They need to go back to the drawing board,"" he said. ""And I just don't see a bail-out coming from the House.""

Several senators on the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee also expressed frustration.

But McDonald, who officially replaced former Secretary Eric Shinseki in July 2014 after it was revealed workers were falsifying records to cover up long wait times, rejected the idea that the VA has not offered detailed options on how to pay for the project.

""I have provided multiple proposals ... the options were rejected and the result has been inaction. Our veterans deserve better than that,"" he said in a statement Wednesday. ""I have presented a plan. Congress has not proposed a counter plan.""

McDonald said the VA wants to repurpose and reallocate fiscal 2015 funds. Lawmakers want to make sure the VA won't take money away from other projects or services for veterans to do that. There was talk earlier about dipping into the $5 billion fund that offers private care to veterans who need it, but that was opposed by lawmakers who told the VA it would have to concentrate on cost-cutting measures and other solutions. Lawmakers like Huelskamp and Coffman have suggested the money come out of top employee bonuses.

Glenn Haggstrom, the VA construction chief, who earned $64,000 in bonuses as he was overseeing the project, was pushed into retirement in March. Critics said Haggstrom, though, should have been available for an ongoing investigation and instead was going home with a fat pension.

""To date, not a single person has been fired for this blatant waste of taxpayer money,"" Miller said in his letter to the secretary. A Government Accountability Office (GAO) report in 2013 on the VA's largest medical center projects, including the Denver facility, showed that combined, all four were responsible for $1.5 billion in cost overruns and were an average of three years behind schedule each.

House Speaker John Boehner expressed frustration Wednesday with what he said was the VA's inability to correct itself over the last year -- not just in the area of construction, but in its long wait times and backlogs for veterans seeking benefits and care.

""At this point, the VA can't even build a hospital,"" he said on the House floor.",1
301,House committee passes bill that cuts Amtrak funding,"Washington (CNN) A House panel approved a measure Wednesday that cuts funding for Amtrak, less than a day after a train derailment left at least seven people dead and many more injured.

The Republican-led House Appropriations Committee voted 30-21 to reduce grants to Amtrak by $252 million -- a drop of about 15% from last year's level. The cut would apply only to Amtrak's capital spending and wouldn't touch funding levels for safety and operations. The measure still needs to clear the full House and Senate before it would go into effect in October.

Democrats on the panel fought unsuccessfully to boost Amtrak funding by $1 billion, to $2.4 billion. But Republicans argued that such a spending increase would need to be offset by cuts elsewhere in the budget, and they admonished Democrats for pointing to the derailment in an effort to increase funding for the passenger rail service.

""Don't use this tragedy in that way. It was beneath you,"" Rep. Mike Simpson, R-Idaho, said to Democrats.

The derailment late Tuesday in Philadelphia is renewing focus on how the U.S. funds and maintains infrastructure. Amtrak has become a political hot button in recent years as Republicans have sought to reduce the rail service's funding and focus it more on the popular Boston to Washington Northeast Corridor.

In March, the House approved legislation that would authorize Amtrak to pump more money into the Northeast Corridor route but that measure has yet to muscle its way through the Senate.

In a separate House transportation committee hearing on Wednesday, Democrats like Rep. Peter DeFazio of Oregon complained about sspending cuts, saying Republicans should be ""cognizant of the real world out there, of what happened last night, of what the capital needs of Amtrak are, and will not engage in short-sighted budget cutting.""

Republicans also brought up the derailment, but in more general terms, saying it needs to be studied.

""It's critical we find out exactly what happened out there and make sure we take the appropriate response to make sure it doesn't happen again,"" said Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart, R-Florida.

White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Wednesday on CNN's ""New Day"" that investing more in transportation infrastructure ""is a common sense"" decision and said investing in Amtrak should not be a partisan issue.

""There is clearly more that can be done when we're talking about a railway infrastructure that is decades-old,"" Earnest said. ""If there's an opportunity for us to make further investments in our infrastructure that would better safeguard the traveling public, then those are investments that we should make.""

Vice President Joe Biden, perhaps the most famous Amtrak fan in the country, issued a statement saying that ""the victims could have been any one of our parents, children, or someone from one of our communities. Amtrak is like a second family to me as it is for so many other passengers.""

Opposition to funding cuts isn't just coming from Democrats. Some Republicans representing districts in the Northeast Corridor are pushing back against conservatives who want to cut funding to Amtrak and privatize the rail service.

Rep. Ryan Costello, R-Pennsylvania, said Congress should boost funding for Amtrak, rather than cutting into its budget.

""If we're not investing in our safety for the Northeast Corridor, we're not doing what we should be doing down here,"" he said Wednesday morning on CNN. ""We need to continue to invest in our passenger rail system...a critical piece of the economy in the Northeast part of the country.""

It is still unclear what caused the crash, though the derailment happened as the train rolled through a curve, which investigators from the National Transportation Safety Board were inspecting Wednesday morning. The FBI is also at the scene assisting investigators, though there is nothing to suggest a terrorism connection at this point, a law enforcement official told CNN.

The state's two senators, Democrat Bob Casey and Republican Pat Toomey, toured the crash site Wednesday.

Some of the most gruesome images from inside the train came from a former Democratic congressman, Patrick Murphy of Pennsylvania, who was onboard one of the seven cars that derailed.

Murphy quickly tweeted images of injured passengers and first responders inside his overturned café car. He was not seriously injured, but his seatmate was knocked unconscious and was bleeding.

Sen. Tom Carper, a Democrat from Delaware, was also on the train but got off at a stop in his state before the train derailed in Philadelphia.

Rep. Bill Shuster, R-Pennsylvania, chair of the House transportation committee, and his Republican colleague, Jeff Denham, who chairs the railroads subcommittee, released a statement Wednesday saying they were ""saddened by the tragic accident.

U.S. House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Chairman Bill Shuster R-Pennsylvania, Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials Subcommittee Chairman Jeff Denham (R-California).

""Both the National Transportation Safety Board and the Federal Railroad Administration are on the scene, and while we don't yet know many details, we need to know how this happened and ensure the safety of the system and the millions of Americans who rely on the Northeast Corridor,"" they said in the statement.",1
3838,Ohio delegation blasts Mount McKinley name change,"WASHINGTON — When it comes to getting around Congress, President Obama may not be able to move mountains — but he can rename them.

The Obama administration's decision to rename North America's tallest peak to its original native name of Denali is drawing protests from Republican lawmakers in Ohio.

That's because the mountain's previous namesake, President William McKinley, was also a Republican from Ohio.

""This decision by the administration is yet another example of the President going around Congress,"" Sen. Rob Portman, R-Ohio, said, noting that Congress had been debating the name for years.

Rep. Bob Gibbs, R-Ohio, went even further, calling it another example of Obama's ""constitutional overreach.""

""President Obama has decided to ignore an act of Congress in unilaterally renaming Mount McKinley in order to promote his job-killing war on energy,"" Gibbs said in a tweeted statement Sunday. ""This political stunt is insulting to all Ohioans.""

Obama timed the announcement to coincide with a three-day trip to Alaska to highlight the problem of climate change in the Arctic. But the dispute over the name goes back decades.

The 20,237-foot mountain was originally known as Denali, which means ""the great one"" in the Athabascan language of the original Alaskans. But that began to change when European-American prospectors and explorers arrived. A Seattle man, William Dickey,rediscovered the mountain in 1896 while prospecting for gold.

""We named our great peak Mount McKinley, after William McKinley of Ohio, who had been nominated for the presidency,and that fact was the first news we received on our way out of that wonderful wilderness,"" he wrote in a dispatch to the New York Sun.

McKinley was not yet president then, and the naming may have been a political stunt in itself: McKinley, in running against the populist Democrat William Jennings Bryan, favored the gold standard to back U.S. dollars.

That name was formalized in 1917 when President Woodrow Wilson signed the Mount McKinley National Park Act, which required the park to be ""dedicated and set apart as a public park for the benefit and enjoyment of the people under the name of the Mount McKinley National Park.""

But another law passed in 1947 gives the Secretary of the Interior and the Board on Geographic Names the power to ""provide for uniformity in geographic nomenclature and orthography throughout the federal government.""

The Alaska government first petitioned the Interior Department to change the name to Denali in 1975. But because the Board on Geographic Names deferred to Congress if a name was under consideration by lawmakers, the Ohio delegation was able to prevent a name change for four decades simply by introducing bills to keep the McKinley name — even if those bills never passed.

Friday, Interior Secretary Sally Jewell said that impasse had gone on long enough. In her order issued Friday, she noted that McKinley never stepped foot in Alaska.

Still, House Speaker John Boehner, who hails from the opposite corner of Ohio, said he was ""disappointed"" in the decision.

""There is a reason President McKinley’s name has served atop the highest peak in North America for more than 100 years, and that is because it is a testament to his great legacy,"" Boehner said in a statement.

He recited McKinley's record, which included service in the Union Army in the Civil War, elections to the House of Representatives and to the Ohio governorship. ""And he led this nation to prosperity and victory in the Spanish-American War as the 25th President of the United States,"" Boehner said.

It's unclear what the Ohioans can do about the decision. Gibbs said he would would work to overturn the decision legislatively; Portman said he would ask the National Park Service to find a way to ""preserve McKinley's legacy somewhere else in the national park that once bore his name.""

The issue is not strictly a partisan one. Ohio Democrats, too, have introduced bills over the years to retain the McKinley name.

And Sen. Lisa Murkowski, R-Alaska — while critical of Obama on energy policy — praised the decision to rename the mountain. “For centuries, Alaskans have known this majestic mountain as the ‘great one,’"" she said in a statement Sunday. ""I’d like to thank the President for working with us to achieve this significant change to show honor, respect, and gratitude to the Athabascan people of Alaska.""",1
3587,Jordan signals escalation vs. Islamic State,"Jordan’s King Abdullah II vowed Wednesday that his military forces would hit Islamic State militants with “relentless” strikes upon “their own homes,” an escalation that could place Jordan in the middle of the Syrian civil war.

The king huddled with his security cabinet and top generals Wednesday just hours after Jordan hanged two convicted terrorists in retaliation against the Islamic State, which posted a video Tuesday of its fighters burning alive a captured Jordanian pilot in a cage.

The immolation prompted harsh condemnation from leaders across the Middle East and in the United States, with the White House speaking of Jordan’s “strength and commitment” to the international coalition against the Islamic State “in the face of this barbaric act.”

[The chilling reason the Islamic State burned the pilot alive]

In Jordan, the killing mostly silenced critics of the U.S.-led offensive against the Islamic State, the heavily armed al-Qaeda offshoot also known as ISIS or ISIL. It was used by the government to stoke patriotic sentiment, with billboard-size posters in Amman reading “We Are All Jordan” and a rally of flag-waving supporters greeting the king at the airport as he arrived back in the country from a visit to the United States.

“We will be on the lookout for these criminals, and we will hit them in their own homes,” Abdullah declared, according to the state news agency Petra. “We are fighting this war to protect our faith, values and our humanitarian principles. Our fight will be relentless.”

The hangings underscored the hardening stance by the monarch and his military in Jordan, a key U.S. ally in the fight against the Islamic State, amid street protests calling for revenge against the militant group.

The backlash from the video — released while Abdullah was in Washington to sign a deal boosting the amount of U.S. aid to Jordan — appears to have drawn the usually cautious monarch into a direct confrontation with radical Islamists.

The king, who claims to be a descendant of the prophet Muhammad and was educated in Britain and the United States, has previously avoided direct threats against the Islamic State and has sought to keep secret the number of bombing missions his air force has flown over Syria.

But according to Rep. Duncan D. Hunter (R-Calif.), Abdullah — who met with members of Congress before he left Washington — quoted the Clint Eastwood character William Munny, an aging gunslinger in the Oscar-winning film “Unforgiven” who exacts vengeance when his friend is tortured to death.

Abdullah did not elaborate on where or how Jordan’s retaliation would be carried out.

It is unlikely that Jordan would fly strike missions in Syria outside those coordinated by the U.S-

directed coalition. Out of about 1,000 strikes in Syria since September, the vast majority have been by U.S. aircraft. But “the coalition is not going to turn their nose up at additional kinetic activity by one of the members,” said a senior U.S. defense official in Washington. “If they want to do more, we welcome it.”

Overall, the coalition strategy and the pattern of strikes will not change, said the official, who was not authorized to discuss the matter and spoke on the condition of anonymity. But outside of coalition operations, “we can’t speak for Jordan,” the official said. “They might feel that for their own sense of national pride, they need to do something.”

The Obama administration declined to join with the European Union — where there is no death penalty — in criticizing the rapid Jordanian executions. White House press secretary Josh Earnest noted that both individuals “had gone through the Jordanian justice system” and were “sentenced to death.”

The administration did not immediately respond to a letter sent to Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Secretary of State John F. Kerry by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, which wrote that Abdullah, in a meeting with the panel in Washington before his departure Tuesday for Amman, had complained of “complications and delays” in providing defense items such as aircraft parts and munitions.

Jordan’s chief government spokesman said the two prisoners executed Wednesday included Sajida al-Rishawi, an Iraqi woman sentenced to death for her role in a deadly 2005 terrorist attack in Amman. The Islamic State had sought her release as part of a possible prisoner swap. Jordan had offered to free Rishawi in exchange for the pilot, Lt. Muath al-Kaseasbeh, and a Japanese journalist, Kenji Goto, held by the Islamic State.

The other inmate was Ziad al-Karbouli, who was linked to a terrorist attack against Jordanians in Iraq in 2005 and whose freedom was also demanded by the Islamic State.

The two were hanged less than 12 hours after the video of the pilot’s killing was posted online.

Across Jordan, voices that recently called for the country to withdraw from the U.S.-led offensive against the Islamic State fell silent as Jordanians came together to denounce the militants.

“This terrible act has created tremendous unity in Jordan,” said Jawad Anani, a senator and former foreign minister. “Ordinary Jordanians now see the threat to their own security.”

Anani, who is close to Abdullah, suggested that airstrikes by Jordan and the coalition would intensify, and he said it was possible that Jordanian ground troops or special forces might be deployed in Syria.

“The next logical step, you can intensify the conflict,” Anani said.

But others doubt that the backlash will stir major changes in Muslim participation in the U.S.-led coalition against the Islamic State.

“The killing’s impact on the coalition will not really be a game-changer, because the participation of countries depends on a variety of issues that are specific to each country,” said Elias Hanna, a retired Lebanese general who teaches geopolitics at the American University of Beirut.

“We won’t see Arab boots on the ground,” he predicted. “That’s for certain.”

In his first public statement since the video, Safi al-Kaseasbeh, the pilot’s father, said Wednesday that he expects Jordan and the U.S.-led coalition to avenge his son’s death. Just last week, the elder Kaseasbeh had appealed for Jordan to pull out of the coalition.

“I urge the government, I expect the government, to seek revenge, severe revenge, for the blood of Muath against this horrid organization, this criminal organization, this organization that is far from Islam and the spirit of Islam,” the pilot’s father said Wednesday.

[Related: The Islamic State was dumped by al-Qaeda a year ago.]

Members of the extended Kaseasbeh clan greeted a stream of visitors at their mourning tent outside the city of Karak, south of Amman. The family had no body to bury. In the video, Islamic State fighters are shown dumping a bulldozer load of cement rubble over the pilot’s body.

Mosques across Jordan held prayers for the pilot at noon, with government-supported imams denouncing the Islamic State. Meanwhile, churches in Amman pealed their bells in interfaith solidarity. After noon prayers, Royal Jordanian Air Force fighter jets flew over Amman and Karak.

But Jordan also faces tests on whether it can build on the displays of unity and resolve. There have been past signs of support for the Islamic State in Jordan — especially in poorer regions — although relatively few people have waved Islamic State flags or endorsed the group on the Internet.

Labib Kamhawi, an Amman-based political analyst, said Abdullah is in “a difficult position” on how to frame the response.

“The issue is whether he can transform this into a national issue that affects Jordanians, or whether it becomes a tribal matter with mounting calls for revenge and eye-for-an-eye attacks,” he said.

Hugh Naylor in Beirut and Karen DeYoung, Brian Murphy and Greg Jaffe in Washington contributed to this report.",1
1866,Clinton's best defense -- there's no one else,"(CNN) She's staring down the worst polling numbers of her campaign, struggling to overcome the scandal surrounding her private emails and grappling with persistent chatter that Vice President Joe Biden might challenge her.

But Hillary Clinton has one key advantage going into primary season: A firm perception that she's the only Democrat who can keep the White House.

""Except for Hillary who is there?"" said Brent Budowsky, a Democratic insider who worked for party luminaries including former Sen. Lloyd Bentsen. ""There is really no one else at this moment who has a chance of winning. That is a problem that Democrats face -- that is the problem progressives face.

He added: ""If for some reason she dropped out, there would be chaos.""

As progressives swoon for Bernie Sanders and Biden allies float trial balloons and even rumors of an Al Gore comeback swirl, Budowsky's sentiment points to the reality at the heart of Clinton's 2016 efforts. While grassroots Democrats might not love the former secretary of state, who often seems to the right of the party's increasingly liberal base, they appear ready to make a pragmatic choice that she is their best -- or only -- hope on Election Day.

Though her lead has narrowed in some instances, Clinton is still on top of most polls of Democratic primary voters. And she beats potential Republican nominees in most match-up surveys.

Such is the power and aura of the Clinton family that few Democrats will go on the record as criticizing the former first lady and many say they respect her and will ultimately support her if she is the nominee.

But from multiple conversations with Democratic activists, it's clear that suspicion lingers over her true beliefs and instincts. Some fear, for instance, that she would prove to be more to the right of her current political position once in the White House.

All the love in a party that tends to fall hard for its favored candidates is going to Sanders. And after all, there is a precedent -- 2008 -- for Clinton's primacy as her party's apparently unassailable front runner being undermined by a grass roots revolt.

New polls are adding to the jitters.

A survey this week for the first time put Sanders in the lead in a key nominating state -- New Hampshire -- and Clinton's negative ratings continue to rise over the email controversy that has haunted her candidacy and looks set on to drag on for months, giving a torrent of material for the GOP to brand her secretive and shady.

Clinton's presidential campaign is hardly setting the party on fire either. She's failed so far to recapture the barnstorming persona which prolonged her battle against Barack Obama for the party nomination seven years ago.

And Clinton often seems a ponderous campaigner -- the undeniable connection she has with individuals does not translate easily to the campaign trail and she frequently suffers by comparison with the political magnetism of her husband -- former president Bill Clinton.

As she tries to prove that despite her wealth and life in the political bubble she's in touch with everyday Americans, Clinton's choice of campaign events also makes it hard to inspire.

For instance, on Friday in Iowa, Clinton held a wonkish event on cutting college debt -- part of an emerging attempt to lay a policy foundation under her presidential bid. Asked later about her repeated focus on mental health -- one of the core of issues on which she likes to focus in depth -- she was unapologetic.

""I think a president should try to help people have better lives,"" Clinton said, defending a strategy of narrowing in on issues that preoccupy everyday voters rather than big venue campaign events like the ones with which Sanders is packing out sports arenas.

The former secretary of state has also sometimes seemed an uneasy fit with progressives in a party that has undeniably moved left since 2008. She's dodged taking a stand on issues that fire up the party base in united opposition like the Keystone XL pipeline and Obama's push for a pan-Pacific trade deal -- a pact she supported as secretary of state.

Some Democrats are increasingly worried following Clinton's handover to the Justice Department of the private server she used as secretary of state, which is at the center of a controversy over classified intelligence.

There is so far no evidence that Clinton is the target of an investigation or could face criminal charges and her campaign says she never sent email with information that was classified at the time. But the latent fear of the unknown may be one reason why Clinton communications chief Jennifer Palmieri sent an email to the Democratic frontrunner's supporters this week assuring them the so-called scandal was mere campaign ""nonsense"" trumped up by Republicans.

Some senior Democrats believe it's too early to push the panic button for Clinton.

""It's in the DNA of Democrats to worry and to freak out and a lot of folks out there are worrying and freaking out,"" said Mo Elleithee, who worked on Clinton's 2008 campaign and now leads the Georgetown Institute of Politics and Public Service. ""Give it a couple of months. If the dynamics don't start to improve, then you start to worry but at this point there is no reason to worry.""

There's another reason why the Clinton campaign is unlikely be to raising the alarm over nervousness in party ranks.

Despite Sanders' rise -- he's basking in adulation and drawing huge crowds for a campaign based on blasting Wall Street, demanding campaign finance reform, free college, a battle against climate change and universal healthcare -- many party insiders doubt America is ready to elect a 75-year-old self declared socialist as president.

And while Biden is beloved in the party, stirs deep sympathy following the death of his son Beau from a brain tumor, and enjoys the stature of office, there are still questions about his electability.

That's not stopping supporters of the vice president -- who wrapped up his last presidential campaign in 2008 after barely registering in the Iowa causes -- from laying the groundwork for a possible run.

A draft Biden movement has kicked into high gear, drawing more donations and support, at a time when reports say Biden is considering whether there is a path to run in 2016.

The group took in roughly $200,000 in the first quarter and has amassed almost 200,000 signatures.

But, those figures pale next Clinton's $45 million haul and the 18 million votes she got in 2008. That current landscape is part of Biden's calculus as he mulls challenging Clinton.

For the last week he has been vacationing in South Carolina and reaching out to supporters to gauge interest.

""If he does decide to enter the race, he will add more gravitas to the Democratic field,"" said Jon Cooper, the national finance chairman or Draft Biden 2016. ""He has a strong capable hand and is ready to lead on day one without any learning curve.""

That decades long resume, however, could also be an Achilles heel as polls show that voters are pining for outsiders and fresh faces.

Aside from Biden, the Democratic bench is scarcely populated by alternative power players. Two other Democrats in the race, former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley and former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb, might pose tricky moments for Clinton in Democratic debates. But they're the longest of long shot challengers.

Meanwhile, the next generation of Democratic presidential possibles -- like New York Governor Andrew Cuomo and senators Elizabeth Warren and Kirsten Gillibrand -- have yet to emerge, partly because of the prohibitive presence of Clinton as the heir apparent.

Any late entrants to the race at this stage would run headlong in to the Clinton machine.

The campaign has quietly been building the kind of comprehensive grassroots voter identification structure in early states to swell her delegate count that she lacked in 2008.

And she's consolidated her support among Democratic Party elites -- a barometer of political strength that history suggests is just as important as polling in early states in the summer before nominating votes are cast.

On Friday, Clinton trumpeted the latest significant endorsement, welcoming the support of former Sen. Tom Harkin, a liberal Iowa political icon.

""I have had the privilege of knowing Hillary Clinton for a long time. She and I share many of the same deeply-held beliefs,"" Harkin said, in a statement that may help insulate Clinton from claims she is aloof from the economic woes of many Americans.

As often happens with Clinton, however, over a long political career marked by fierce fights with Republicans and questions about her trustworthiness, good news shares equal billing with unflattering headlines.

It's that trend that has some Democrats worried, and looking with some trepidation towards Clinton's prospects in an eventual general election.

In July, a Quinnipiac University poll of three swing states—Colorado, Iowa, and Virginia—showed Clinton lagging behind possible GOP opponents, Marco Rubio, Jeb Bush and Scott Walker. As she has battled bad headlines about her personal e-mail account, her negative ratings have spiked in those states and her trust numbers have also taken a hit.

A CNN/ORC poll of Democratic voters in Iowa released this week shows that Clinton still beats Sanders overall, yet voters see the Vermont Senator as more trustworthy. And since July, Sanders has attracted cumulative crowds of 100,000 people with his soak-the-rich rhetoric.

""Hillary Clinton has been doing well in Iowa but her people there are rattled by the Bernie Sanders crowds which by Iowa standards are quite large,"" said David Yepsen, who has covered Iowa politics for decades. ""The polls look good for her now but we are six months away and I've seen things change rapidly. The drip, drip, drip, drip, is causing some concern.""",1
2752,The new war on the press: When satire sparks terrorism,"When I think of freedom of the press, what comes to mind is the Pentagon Papers, Watergate, Abu Ghraib, NSA surveillance—the tough terrain of investigative reporting.

Not the handiwork of people trying to get a few laughs.

Yet satire, it seems, has suddenly become the new battleground for free expression. And that requires some rethinking for all of us.

I love a good comedic skewering as much as the next person. But satire, fairly or not, has always seemed less “serious” than other forms of journalism, more of an indulgence.

Yet as the massacre at Charlie Hebdo reminds us, cartoonists, satirists and funnymen are often on the front lines of very risky battles. Perhaps because their barbs sting in a personal way that news stories and commentary do not. Perhaps because the comedic overlay gives them license to tackle incendiary subjects from which others shy away.

And here’s the rub: Sometimes what they peddle is truly offensive—maybe to me, maybe to you. And that makes it harder to defend.

Who wants to go to bat for the Piss Christ photo, or the Virgin Mary covered in cow dung, or depictions of Mohammad that obviously make Muslims angry? But we must defend the right to publish, if not the content. Free speech is meaningless if it doesn’t apply to unpopular, even repulsive speech.

If you think about the North Korean-backed hacking of Sony Pictures, it was triggered by a movie whose idea of comedy was a plot to assassinate Kim Jung Un that ends with his head exploding. That, as I said at the time, was an incredibly stupid and needlessly provocative project. Yet I also ripped Sony for caving to threats and deep-sixing the film before bowing to public and Hollywood pressure and making “The Interview” available. In America, you have the right to make a moronic movie.

Nor would I defend the content of such Charlie Hebdo cartoons as one in which rolls of toilet paper were marked “Bible,” “Torah” and “Quran,” with the caption: “In the toilet, all religions.” But the satirical French newspaper has the right to publish outrageously offensive material without being attacked by terrorists.

The issue has surfaced before because of Charlie Hebdo’s poke-in-the-eye editorial approach. The paper’s offices were firebombed in 2011 after it published a cartoon mocking Muhammad. The following year, both the White House spokesman and the French foreign minister criticized the newspaper—but not its right to publish—for another Muhammad cartoon following the Benghazi attack that the administration initially blamed on an anti-Islam film.

Stephane Charbonnier, the paper’s courageous editor and one of the 12 killed in Wednesday’s attack, told ABC in 2012: “We can’t live in a country without freedom of speech. I prefer to die than to live like a rat.”

Chuck Lane made the broader point in his Washington Post column: “It turns out that such political jokesters take big risks, bigger than perhaps even they realize or anticipate — and the repercussions affect us all.

“Yet it is vitally important that the United States and all other Western democracies rally to their unequivocal defense.”

Lane faulted the officials who criticized Charlie Hebdo in 2012 for “mixed messages” that ran the risk of conveying “how dangerous it is to give violent extremists a veto over what your citizens can and cannot say.”

The Washington Post ran of one of Charlie Hebdo’s Muhammad cartoons in a gesture of solidarity yesterday. Other news organizations, including Fox News, CNN, the AP and the New York Times, have since made an editorial decision against running the images. Some critics say that’s cowardly; I think it’s a tough call.

I would prefer that they continue aggressive reporting, commentary and, yes, satire if warranted against Islamic terrorists and those who would extinguish free speech at the point of a gun.

In one encouraging sign, Google, Guardian Media and several French publishers have donated money to ensure that Charlie Hebdo will publish next week. That is a message that even terrorists can understand.

Click for more from Media Buzz

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
4189,Donald Trump says he doesn’t need a unified GOP. Logic and math suggest otherwise.,"When Donald Trump told ABC's George Stephanopoulos in an interview on Sunday that he didn't think the Republican Party needed to be unified behind his candidacy, it wasn't really clear what he meant.

""Does [the party] have to be unified? I'm very different than everybody else, perhaps, that's ever run for office. I actually don't think so,"" Trump said. ""I think it would be better if it were unified, I think it would be -- there would be something good about it. But I don't think it actually has to be unified in the traditional sense.""

So how will he win? ""I think I'm going to go out and I'm going to get millions of people from the Democrats,"" Trump said. ""I'm going to get Bernie [Sanders] people to vote, because they like me on trade.""

A charitable interpretation is that Trump doesn't think members of the Republican establishment need to align behind him in order for him to be successful. That was certainly true in the primaries, but it's less clear that it's true in the general. Why? For the same reason that the uncharitable interpretation of Trump's comments is so baffling: Trump very much needs Republicans to vote for him in November.

That sounds obvious, of course, but it's worth delving into. Consider, for example the relative unfavorability of Trump and Hillary Clinton within their own parties. Clinton's got the Democratic nomination essentially locked up, but is still battling Bernie Sanders and still maintaining only a small lead over him in national polling. But she is much more positively viewed by members of her own party than is Trump -- and consistently so. Trump's numbers have improved, but they're still pretty abysmal.

This is a large part of the reason that Trump's overall favorability ratings are lower than Clinton's: Republicans look at him a lot more skeptically than Democrats do Clinton. For him to be successful in November, he needs those skeptical Republicans to come out and vote for him anyway.

After all, this happens at a time when partisans have been more willing than ever to vote for the candidate their own party nominated. Even independents -- a group that largely still tends to vote on a partisan basis -- were largely loyal to the party with which they identified in 2008.

If Republicans waver on their choice but Democrats stay true to their party, Trump's in a lot of trouble. (Yes, a chunk of Bernie Sanders supporters say that they won't back Clinton in November, but when Clinton lost the nomination in 2008, the number of defections was much smaller than polling at the end of the primary suggested.)

Donald Trump will end the primary season with more votes from Republicans than any Republican in history. But he's also had the most people vote against him, as the splintered party struggled to reach consensus. The fact that prominent Republicans are reluctant to back Trump is a both a cause and side effect of that split. House Speaker Paul Ryan declining to endorse Trump won't hurt Trump among Trump's existing base of support; they don't like Ryan anyway. But if Ryan argued for Trump's candidacy -- if more moderate/establishment Republicans were to embrace and make the case for his nomination -- it's likely that wavering Republicans might be influenced. Trump needs them to be.

He waves this away by suggesting he'll find some space in the political middle. He returns to this baffling idea that he can lure Bernie Sanders's supporters to his cause -- an effort that will almost certainly fail based on the politics at play and an effort about which Sanders himself has been increasingly vocal.

There has been a repeated suggestion that Trump can lure Democrats to his cause in the way that Ronald Reagan did in 1980. (You can see the dip Reagan caused in Democratic Party loyalty on the first graph above.) But that idea is flawed for several reasons.

First of all, those Reagan Democrats -- mostly working-class white males -- have already migrated to the Republican Party. You can see the trend in data from the General Social Survey; the Reagan Democrats of 1980 are the regular-old Republicans of today. In that sense, Trump is right: His campaign hinges on those voters supporting him.

On top of that, though, white voters are a much smaller part of the electorate than they were in 1980. That year, 88 percent of the electorate was white. In 2012, the figure was 72 percent. In 1988, working-class whites made up half of the electorate, as the Atlantic's Peter Beinart noted in March. This year, they'll be only one-third. Yes, it's possible that Trump will inspire more whites to come to the polls, but there's also some evidence that he's inspiring nonwhites to turn out, too -- to vote against him.

Trump can't count on wooing a large group of Democrats to vote for him in part because most of the Democratic Party is made up of groups that view him very negatively: women, blacks, Hispanics. If he can't convince Democrats, and if Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents maintain their party loyalty, he needs every Republican vote he can get. To do that, he needs help -- the sort of help he didn't get in the primaries, leading to his earning less than 50 percent of the total votes.

It sounds macho to say he doesn't need loyalty, that he'll go it alone, with the party or without it. But a non-unified Republican Party is a Republican Party that endures four more years of a Democratic White House.",1
4555,"At least 20 hostages dead in siege of hotel in Mali, official says","Several gunmen seized a luxury hotel in Mali’s capital on Friday, killing at least 20 people in an attack that raised fresh concerns about security in a country that has battled Islamist insurgents for years.

Even after a multinational campaign to defeat them, militants have proved capable of targeting prominent locations like the city’s Radisson Blu Hotel, where the seven-hour standoff took place.

Security forces swept through the Radisson on Friday afternoon, freeing the last hostages and pursuing the gunmen, who had charged through the hotel yelling “Allahu akbar!” — or “God is great!” As the troops cleared the hotel, they found the floors littered with the bodies of Malians and foreign visitors, including a Belgian government official.

The State Department said a U.S. citizen was among the dead. A department spokesman had reported earlier that no Americans were killed or injured.

An al-Qaeda affiliate based in Africa claimed Friday’s attack. It was the latest in a year of deadly Islamist-led assaults across sub-Saharan Africa, where a patchwork of conflicts has sometimes been overshadowed by Islamic State violence in other parts of the world. From al-Shabab in Somalia to Boko Haram in Nigeria, the continent is host to a profusion of violent extremist groups, with a range of local and transnational goals, seeking to execute large-scale attacks against civilians.

[It’s not just the Islamic State. Other terror groups surge in West Africa.]

In Mali, Friday’s attack underscored how vulnerable the West African country remains, even after French forces and a small number of U.S. troops helped unseat Islamists from their northern stronghold in 2013. Before that campaign, militants appeared to be gaining ground, moving closer to the capital, seizing on the chaos caused by a 2012 military coup. The current government still has only tenuous influence in parts of the country, and the remaining French forces in particular are considered targets.

The gunmen stormed the hotel early Friday, sending some of the 170 guests and staff members fleeing in panic and prompting others to seek hiding places. One witness said the attackers freed some captives who were able to recite verses from the Koran. By late Friday afternoon, Mali’s security minister, Col. Salif Traore, said the remaining hostages were safe.

At least 20 people were killed, Traore said. The Reuters news agency, citing U.N. officials, said at least 27 bodies were seen. Authorities worked through the evening to identify the dead.

Three U.N. staff members in the hotel during the attack were safely evacuated, said Stéphane Dujarric, spokesman for U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon. U.N. peacekeepers helped secure the perimeter and provided medical aid and forensics assistance, Dujarric said.

The United Nations has envoys in Bamako as part of Mali’s reconciliation efforts — what has become the deadliest peacekeeping mission of the past three years, with 53 U.N. peacekeepers killed since 2013.

The Chinese Foreign Ministry said three Chinese nationals were among the dead and four were rescued.

[How U.S. troops aided at the scene of the hostage standoff]

Meanwhile, security forces tried to pin down the attackers in the heart of Bamako. Officials said that four gunmen were holed up Friday night in a hotel room but that there were no hostages with them.

A group affiliated with al-Qaeda, al-Mourabitoun, said its followers were behind the attack — similar to a smaller assault on a hotel in August that was claimed by the same group. Mali has faced repeated attacks from insurgents linked to al-Qaeda and other factions, but the Islamic State does not have major footholds in the region.

One Senegalese guest, Aissatou Gueye, was in her room when the attackers entered. Like many other guests, she was there to attend a large mining conference. “They were asking people to recite the Koran, and if they do, nothing will happen to them,” she said outside the hotel. Gueye saw one person shot dead before she ran to safety.

About a dozen Americans were rescued from the hotel, including several employees of the U.S. Embassy in Bamako, said State Department spokesman John Kirby.

The American victim was identified by her family as Anita Datar, an international development worker from Takoma Park, Md. The U.S. ambassador to Mali called the family late Friday afternoon to inform them, Datar’s mother said. Datar, the mother of a young son, worked for Palladium, an international development firm with offices in Washington.

[Anita Datar, the only known American killed in Mali, was there to help]

A member of a U.S. Special Operations unit helped to escort guests evacuated from the hotel, the Pentagon said. About 22 U.S. Defense Department personnel were in Bamako when the hotel was attacked.

President Obama, speaking to business leaders at a summit in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, expressed condolences to the people of Mali. “Mali security forces and our own diplomatic and security agencies rushed in to save lives,” Obama said. “This barbarity only stiffens our resolve to meet this challenge. We will stand with the people of Mali to rid the country of terrorists and strengthen their democracy.”

Authorities drew no direct links to last week’s terrorist attacks in Paris. But Mali — home to the ancient city of Timbuktu — has been at the center of a French-backed effort to drive back Islamist rebels who once controlled large portions of the country.

Security had been reinforced in Bamako — specifically around locations popular with foreigners, including the Radisson — after the Paris attacks, Traore said. He added that the attackers entered the hotel through a side entrance, “which makes us believe that they were familiar with the hotel.”

Foreigners are often targeted in Mali. Yet militants had never seized a target as prominent as the 190-room Radisson Blu, where foreign business people and diplomats are known to stay and dine.

Earlier this month — before the rampage in Paris — the leader of Ansar Dine, one of Mali’s main Islamist groups, released a statement encouraging attacks that would “push away the aggression of the French Crusader assailant” in the former French colony, which stretches from tropical West Africa to desert regions bordering Algeria.

A contingent of French troops is stationed in Mali, and President François Hollande on Thursday had praised the campaign against the Islamist insurgents.

“France is leading this war with its armed forces, its soldiers, its courage,” he said. “It must carry out this war with its allies, its partners giving us all the means available, as we did in Mali, as we are going to continue in Iraq, as we will continue in Syria.”

One of the rescued hostages, popular Guinean singer Sékouba “Bambino” Diabate, told reporters that he hid under his bed and heard two assailants speaking in English as they searched an adjacent room.

“I stayed still, hidden under the bed, not making a noise,” he said. “I heard them say in English: ‘Did you load it? Let’s go.’ ”

Extremist violence has hit Mali repeatedly. In March, attackers reportedly shouting “Allahu akbar” fired on a popular bar in Bamako. Three Malian civilians were killed, along with a Belgian security officer working for the European Union and a French national.

Two months ago, more than a dozen people — including five U.N. contractors — were killed in a 24-hour hostage siege at a hotel in Sevare in central Mali. Responsibility for that attack was claimed by al-Mourabitoun, led by Algerian Mokhtar Belmokhtar.

Belmokhtar, an infamous one-eyed militant, had also orchestrated the bloody seizure of an Algerian gas facility in 2013 in which at least 100 workers were held hostage and dozens were killed. He was targeted in a U.S. airstrike in June in Libya, and Libyan authorities said he was killed. But the Islamist group al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb rejected that claim.

Sieff reported from Nairobi. Carol Morello, Brian Murphy, William Branigin, Sarah Kaplan, Craig Whitlock and Joe Heim in Washington, David Nakamura in Kuala Lumpur and Liu Liu in Beijing contributed to this report.

It’s not just the Islamic State. Other terror groups surge in West Africa.",1
4863,"Millennials Just Aren't That Into Hillary Clinton, and it Could Cost Her the Election","A number of new polls show Libertarian presidential nominee Gary Johnson doing very well with millennials and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton underperforming with the same demographic that helped President Obama build winning coalitions in 2008 and 2012.

A New York Times/CBS poll shows 26 percent of voters under the age of 29 supporting Johnson and a further 10 percent supporting Green presidential nominee Jill Stein. Similarly, a Quinnipiac poll shows Johnson at 29 percent of young voters, and Stein at 15. In that poll, Clinton barely edges out Johnson among young voters, getting 31 percent. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is at 26 percent among that demographic in the poll. Further, a Global Strategy Group poll of millennials in 11 battleground states found 73 percent of millennials saying that Trump was a racist, and just 38 percent supporting Clinton in a 4-way matchup.

The results have yielded unsurprising hand-wringing from older liberals who feel the vote of millennials belongs to them. Clara Jeffrey, editor-in-chief of Mother Jones, tweeted that she has ""never hated millennials more"" in response to the NYT/CBS poll, which earned refreshing responses from millennials. New York Times columnist Ross Douthat, meanwhile, quips that it looked ""like 'liberaltarianism' is a real thing"" and that Donald Trump was ""very glad"" of it.

While Republicans have a few politicians who could be called 'liberaltarian' (two former Republican governors who might be called that are on the Libertarian Party ticket, after all), Trump is not. In a tight race, those votes could be crucial, and Trump has nothing to offer them. Not something to be glad about. The same goes for Democrats, whose nominee has nothing to offer a demographic that has increasingly become more libertarian-friendly.

A Reason-Rupe poll of millennials in 2014 found 66 percent of them believing government was wasteful and inefficient even as many said they planned to vote Democrat in that year and in 2016. The drop off in support for Democrats is unsurprising, given that the rhetoric about government that Democrats deploy does not match the reality on the ground. That reality was bound to catch up with millennials who, even when they are fans of government, give authority the side eye. Many of the responses to Jeffrey's tweets encouraged her sarcastically to keep alienating millennials if she wanted Clinton to win.

The narrative of the older generation of liberals is that Donald Trump is so bad, voters have to hold their nose and vote for Clinton. The option alone of a third party vote is skewered online, mostly by establishment liberals who have increasingly come to represent the poor policy making that has led to a mammoth-sized debt and veritable police state in the U.S. and U.S. warfare state abroad. Donald Trump does not ""scare"" millennials as much as the mess older voters have made of the country. Clinton's courting of neo-conservatives and figures like Henry Kissinger only serves to alienate millennials more. Johnson's refusal to play political games, like powering through a question about Aleppo without knowing what it's in reference to, while it makes him an easy target for the media establishment to mock, likely ingratiates him to millennials who see both Trump and Clinton as products of a corrupt political system their parents' generation has glorified.

Clinton and President Obama's decision to call Trump a break from Republican tradition instead of the inevitable evolution of it, as more dishonest partisans might frame it, has also placed Johnson and the Libertarian Party in a better position. Millennials are used to start-ups. They are early adopters whose behaviors and decisions are helping drive old giants of industry out of business, from Blockbuster to taxicabs. The latest polls suggest they have the potential to disrupt the political industry in this country in the same way they've disrupted so many others. All the fearmongering over Trump, the cries of false equivalency, and the attempts by millennial ""influencers"" like Vox.com to frame the Clinton campaign as something transformative millennials ought to get behind, won't bring millennials to heel in the way major parties were able to in days gone by. Neither will false alarms about ""spoilers"" (spoiler: third parties aren't spoilers, shitty candidates are).

The persistence of never Trump Republicans (even if they don't go for Johnson), combined with Obama and Clinton's refusal (as of yet) to smear the principles of limited government, freedom, and Constitutionalism with Trumpism because of Republicans' history of running on those principles while never acting on them, and the Libertarian party's decision to nominate socially tolerant and fiscally responsible candidates (as many millennials describe themselves) means millennials have the chance to catapult the Libertarian party into major party status, if not through this election cycle alone, almost certainly in cycles to come. Both millennials and Libertarians should expect the smears and attacks to become more vociferous and detached from reality as the old establishment partisan order slowly but surely comes to an end.",1
3185,Defiant Paul says he can still grow GOP,"Since launching his 2016 presidential campaign, Kentucky Republican Sen. Rand Paul has paid particular attention to traditionally left-leaning demographics. Paul was the first White House hopeful to appear on Snapchat, a social app used by millions of Millennials; the first to launch an initiative focused solely on soon-to-be or newly eligible voters, setting up more than 300 ""Students for Rand"" college chapters in just 30 days; and the first to host a fundraiser with leaders in the cannabis industry.

""In the last go around, President Obama won the youth vote 3-to-1,"" Paul said Wednesday during an interview with the Washington Examiner.

He went on, while fidgeting with a stack of sticky notes in the third-floor office of his campaign headquarters. ""I think we sometimes seem to be the stodgy party, with balanced budgets, low taxes and less regulations. But when you talk to young people, they're like: 'I don't have any money.' So taxes and regulatory issues aren't as big a deal for them.""

""The [National Security Agency] overreach and government overreach gives us a unique opportunity to be one of the leaders in opposing that program and actually getting things to go our way,"" Paul said when asked what messages he's using to cultivate support among young Americans.",1
1637,Takeaways from the Republican debate,"(CNN) As the first primaries creep ever closer, candidates are feeling the pressure to rise above the pack and prove their electoral viability.

Each candidate came in with different marks to hit. Jeb Bush needed a game-changing performance. Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz wanted to maintain their momentum. And Rand Paul wanted to get into the act.

Rubio was once again the debate's maestro -- hitting all the right notes and not once appearing to bend under pressure.

The Florida senator skillfully weaved his personal biography as the son of immigrant parents as he answered almost every question he fielded.

He also flashed his foreign policy chops and seized the opportunity to set up a contrast between himself and the less mainstream non-interventionist views of his opponent, Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul.

""I know that Rand is a committed isolationist,"" Rubio needled, before offering a deftly handled rebuttal to Paul's questioning of how spending billions on the U.S. military was conservative.

""We can't even have an economy if we're not safe,"" Rubio argued. ""Yes I believe the world -- I don't believe, I know the world is a safer and better place when America is the strongest military power in the world.""

As during most of Rubio's responses -- the audience roared in approval.

While Ben Carson did have to answer one question about the controversy that has swirled around his campaign in the last week, Rubio did not have to field the rolling questions about his finances, notably his use of a Republican Party credit card for personal expenses.

The Texas senator gave another classic Cruz performance on Tuesday night, one that could serve to further his steady rise in the polls -- and the rising chorus of pundits viewing him as the eventual conservative alternative to whichever establishment candidate emerges in a two- or three-person race.

The firebrand conservative slammed critics who dub his hardline position on illegal immigration as ""anti-immigrant,"" calling that ""offensive""; he staked out the middle ground as Rubio and Paul argued for opposing degrees of American intervention in Middle East conflicts; and he played to his base by slamming moderate, establishment Republicans.

""The Democrats are laughing -- because if Republicans join Democrats as the party of amnesty, we will lose,"" Cruz said.

He hit one snag reminiscent of a memorable 2011 debate moment when Rick Perry forgot the name of the third agency he would eliminate. Cruz, naming five federal agencies he would abolish, named just four -- twice naming the Department of Commerce, leaving the Department of Education off of his list.

The retired neurosurgeon is sticking with what works, offering supporters more of the same mild-mannered, reserved demeanor that has rocketed him into a dead heat with Trump.

Carson's most notable moment is one that is sure to please his supporters, who have been devouring his upbraiding of the mainstream media over the course of more than a week of questions about crucial elements of his inspirational biography.

""Thank you for not asking me what I said in the 10th grade,"" Carson said to laughter as Fox Business moderator Neil Cavuto asked him about the impact of the media scrutiny on his campaign.

""We should vet all candidates. I have no problem with being vetted. What I do have a problem with is being lied about and then putting that out there as truth,"" Carson proclaimed. ""People who know me know that I'm an honest person.""

His closing statement was also a memorable break from the feisty tenor of the evening, coming right after Rubio and Cruz trumpeted their campaign websites. Carson, softly showed why he is connecting on the trail.

""In the two hours of this -- of this debate, five people have died from drug-related deaths, $100 million has been added to our national debt, 200 babies have been killed by abortionists, and two veterans have taken their lives out of despair,"" he said. ""This is a narrative that we can change, not we the Democrats, not we the Republicans, but we the people of America, because there is something special about this nation, and we must embrace it and be proud of it and never give it away for the sake of political correctness.""

The former Florida governor improved, but he was still upstaged by the competition.

After his widely panned debate performance last month, Bush got to work. He hired a media coach, got angrier on the campaign trail and attempted to reboot his struggling campaign with a new slogan: Jeb Can Fix It.

The takeaway? Jeb Can (Sort of) Fix It.

Bush forced his way into more speaking time, got his points across more clearly and concisely, and -- perhaps most importantly -- didn't pick a fight he wasn't going to win (against Rubio).

But he also still appeared awkward at times and let up too easily where other candidates would have pressed further, adding to the impression that he lacks the verve to lead his party into the general election. And with several other candidates -- namely Rubio -- soaring above the field with exceptionally strong debate performances, Bush's slightly above-average performance just doesn't rank in the same category.

Bush's two best moments came when he confronted Trump. Bush jumped in as Trump suggested the U.S. should stop being the policeman of the world to say that the billionaire ""is absolutely wrong on this.""

And on Trump's plan to deport the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants living in the U.S., Bush said ""it's just not possible and it's not embracing American values"" -- drawing more applause.

As he did in the last debate, Trump once again showed that he can be one man on the stump before a crowd of zealous supporters, and another when he's debating a range of issues before a national audience.

Trump's tone was measured and his message was largely policy-centric. Even when he faced pointed criticism and pushback from his rival candidates -- notably Ohio Gov. John Kasich, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and Carly Fiorina -- Trump didn't get personal. He challenged their contentions and stuck to his message: Yes, the federal government should deport all undocumented immigrants and build a wall, he insisted; No, the U.S. should not be the world's policeman.

And while sticking with the debating style he first debuted at the CNBC debate, Trump even appeared to show some improvement -- delivering longer and more in-depth responses to questions on everything from the economy to foreign policy.

But some of Trump's persona bled out. When Carly Fiorina tried to get a word in, declared: ""Why does she keep interrupting everybody?"" The crowd wasn't happy and booed.

The former Fortune 500 CEO reclaimed her spot as one of the field's most effective and hard-hitting debaters --- a quality that first hoisted her onto the main debate stage after a stand-out performance in the cycle's first primary debate.

Fiorina played to her strengths as a business executive, status as an outsider and displayed her command of the biggest foreign policy issues confronting the U.S.

Her sharp-elbowed strategy produced results as she nabbed her most impressive moment of the night when she jumped into a foreign policy debate between Trump and Bush -- piling onto Bush's critique of the brash front-runner before putting forward her own credentials for the commander-in-chief post.

Skipping from country to country in the Middle East after laying out specific steps she would take to bolster the U.S.'s standing in the face of Russian aggression, Fiorina came away breathless, over time -- but wildly successful.

But there's a big footnote: Her previous strong debate performances didn't yield sustainable results because she failed to capitalize off her gains in the polls. She'll need to have a strategy ready this time.

The Ohio governor didn't miss an opportunity to jostle his opponents and the moderators for more speaking time.

As Trump defended his plan to deport all undocumented immigrants living in the U.S., Kasich looked to get in a word edgewise.

""Maria, can we comment on that? Can we comment on that?"" he asked a moderator in one of the rare occasions in which he actually asked -- and got -- permission to interject.

But it's a strategy that Kasich has applied to previous debates -- both taking on Trump and jumping in at every opportunity -- without earning any real upward movement in the polls following the last debate.

The Kentucky senator with strong libertarian-leanings showed up at the Republican debate Tuesday night -- diving into an impassioned defense of his foreign policy views, challenging the hawkish instincts of the Republican Party and most of his fellow contenders.

Paul hasn't shined through in the previous debates, but a relatively long back and forth with the surging Rubio gave Paul the face time and the speaking time he needed to make his mark.",1
3646,Will interest rates go up? Five things to expect,"The Federal Reserve is likely to raise the federal funds rate at the conclusion of its two-day meeting on Wednesday.

Raising the banks’ overnight borrowing rate—held near zero since the depths of the financial crisis in 2008—has the potential to push up the cost of mortgages, slow jobs creation and curb stock prices but not always.

Here are five things to expect.

1. Mortgage rates are not likely to rise much

The effects of Fed tightening importantly depends on whether a higher federal funds rate pushes up the 10-year Treasury rate, because rates on mortgages, corporate and municipal bonds generally follow that rate up and down.

When Ben Bernanke raised the federal funds rate in 2004-2006, those rates hardly budged, because the Chinese government was purchasing U.S. bonds at a maddening pace to keep the yuan cheap against the dollar.

Now, both the Chinese and European economies are deeply troubled and their monetary authorities are printing lots of money to push down borrowing costs. Private investors seeking safer and better returns will increase their purchases of U.S. securities limiting any increase in U.S. long rates.

2. Bank fees and car loans will get more expensive

Tighter banking regulations designed to prevent a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis have pushed up banks’ costs for providing ordinary retail services.  Higher short-term borrowing rates for  banks will make things even tougher and banks will likely try to further boost fees on checking accounts and other services, and charge higher rates for short-term credit—credit cards, car loans and home improvements.

The good news is banks may start competing more for your money and pay higher rates on 1 to 5-year CDs.

The stronger dollar and lower oil prices are pinching corporate profits and hiring has slowed this year to about 210,000 new jobs a month—less than the 260,000 monthly average in 2014.

Small businesses are a particularly important source of new jobs in an economic recovery but even before the Fed pushes up bank borrowing costs, tighter federal regulations forced large banks to curtail lending to these. Somewhat higher short rates are not likely to have much additional impact on their access to credit.

Finding a job remains toughest for the long-term unemployed whose skills atrophied during the Great Recession and slow recovery, and for whom government benefits—expanded Medicaid and food stamps for healthy men—have often overwhelmed incentives to reskill.

4. Economic growth and inflation will pick up

Household balance sheets are in their best shape since the recovery began and lower gasoline prices give consumers more disposable income. Those factors should overwhelm the consequences of marginally higher short-term interest rates on consumer spending, and economic growth should accelerate to 2.5 to 3 percent in the New Year.

Overall, if Beijing can mount an adequate stimulus program to stabilize its economy, the global economy won’t sink America’s boat and job gains will continue.

Once gasoline prices have bottomed, overall inflation will rise to about 2 percent.

Problems in China and shifts in the broader global economy have rocked equity prices recently. However, the Fed rate increase is widely anticipated and is likely already built into equity prices. The market is more likely to react positively to a rate increase simply because uncertainty about timing has been removed.

The economy has emerged from a tough recession and slow recovery in which the Fed deemed ultra-low interest rates necessary.  However, conditions have much improved and in past decades, stock prices have often moved up even as the Fed raised interest rates.

This remains a good time to be in stocks and if you are an investor on the sidelines, gradually start buying in.

Peter Morici served as Chief Economist at the U.S. International Trade Commission from 1993 to 1995. He is an economist and professor at the Smith School of Business, University of Maryland, and a widely published columnist. He is the five time winner of the MarketWatch best forecaster award. Follow him on Twitter @PMorici1.",1
3787,Jury selection begins in Colorado theater shooting trial,"CENTENNIAL, Colo. — Gone are the orange hair and the thousand-yard stare. In their place, trimmed hair, a shaggy beard and red-framed glasses.

Sitting upright in court in a dark jacket, blue striped shirt and khaki slacks, James Holmes looking very much like the neuroscience graduate student he used to be, not a man on trial for his life.

But Holmes, now 27, faces 12 murder charges in connection with the summer 2012 massacre at a suburban Denver movie theater's midnight showing of The Dark Knight Rises. He could be executed if convicted. Holmes also faces dozens of other charges, including attempted murder. At least 70 were wounded in the massacre.

Jury selection in the case began Tuesday afternoon, and Judge Carlos Samour said an initial pool of 9,000 jurors will be whittled down to 12, plus 12 alternates. The trial may last into October.

Once opening statements get underway, cameras will be allowed in the courtroom. However, they are not allowed during jury selection.

In a lengthy address to prosecutors and Holmes' defense team, Samour said he expects ""passionate and zealous"" courtroom arguments, but reminded both sides and prospective jurors that Holmes is innocent until proven guilty. The jury that will decide Holmes' guilt also will decide whether he should be executed.

""What's most important to me is that justice is done,"" said Samour. ""That's what this whole process is about: Justice.""

Arapahoe County District Attorney George Brauchler wants Holmes put to death for the July 20, 2012, mass shooting in Aurora. He argues that life in prison is insufficient justice for the victims, survivors and their families.

By pleading not guilty by reason of insanity, Holmes admitted he committed the shooting but claims he's legally not responsible for his actions. He's undergone at least two mental-health evaluations at the state mental hospital, but the results have remained secret.

Holmes, then 24, was arrested at the scene by investigators who then discovered his apartment had been booby-trapped with explosives. His lawyers acknowledge Holmes, a former neuroscience doctorate student, was the lone shooter but say he was gripped by a psychotic episode.

Legal analyst Scott Robinson said insanity-plea cases are rare, and it's even more unusual for a jury to find someone not guilty by reason of insanity.

""It's a minuscule percentage ... yet the public perception is that people are getting off on the insanity plea all the time,"" said Robinson. ""It's actually a rare bird.""

In December 2014 — just as jury summons went out — Holmes' parents issued a public statement begging prosecutors to drop the death penalty and give their son a plea deal that would see him locked up and treated.

""We do not know how many victims of the theater shooting would like to see our son killed. But we are aware of people's sentiments,"" they wrote. ""We have read postings on the Internet that have likened him to a monster. He is not a monster. He is a human being gripped by a severe mental illness.""",1
2720,Fox News and the Duggars reach a disgusting new low: The twisted persecution complex in last night’s insane interview,"The Duggars delivered a stunning display of deflection, the longest exercise in self-absolution since Gov. Chris Christie’s two-hour pity party when Bridgegate was revealed. The right wing Christian activists and LGBT antagonists found unbelievably creative ways to minimize what son Josh did when he molested four of his sisters, and a baby sitter, in seven separate incidents.

What Josh did “was not rape,” Jim Bob said. “None of [the girls who were molested] were aware of Josh’s wrongdoing,” Michelle added. In fact, “they probably didn’t even understand it was an improper touch.” The improper touching mostly took place “over clothes;” oh, and the few times it was under clothes? “It was like a few seconds.”

And when he molested his babysitter? “It was more just like a fondling, a touch while they were asleep—for most of them. Then there was two other incidents that were when they were awake. And it was just a bad thing.”

“Looking back, we did the best we could under the circumstances,” Jim Bob told Kelly. He and Michelle did what every parent would do: Nothing, really, the first couple of times Josh himself confessed the abuse. Well, not exactly nothing: They prayed, and then they took him to a state trooper, who gave him a stern lecture. Then they got him counseling with an “accredited” agency, but they wouldn’t say what it was.

“As parents, we’re not mandatory reporters,” Jim Bob shared. That’s a reference to laws requiring adults — teachers, coaches, counselors, neighbors — who learn about child sexual abuse to report it to authorities. Good to know the Duggars find solace in the law.

They took other big steps to prevent further abuse: “We don’t let boys babysit,” Michelle explained. “They don’t play hide and seek together, two don’t go off and hide. There are just a lot of things that we’ve put in place.” For anyone who grew up playing with their brothers and boy cousins, as I did, that sounds insane.

Megyn Kelly can tell herself she asked all the tough questions. And she did ask some. But she mostly came off as an ally determined to help the Duggars fight their liberal persecutors. She regularly constructed straw men. Many observers have questioned why the Duggars brought Josh to visit a state trooper who was later sentenced to 56 years for child pornography; no one suggested, as Kelly claimed, that “they chose that guy because they thought he would be sympathetic.” Kelly did ask Michelle Duggar about the robocall suggesting transgender people were child molesters, but Jim Bob stopped her: I think you actually said pedophile in that, and actually a pedophile is an adult that preys on children. Joshua was actually 14 and just turned 15 when he did what he did. And I think that the legal definition is 16 and up for being an adult preying on a child. So he was a child preying on a child. Thanks for clearing that up, Jim Bob. In the home stretch, Kelly let the Duggars tee off against their critics. “I feel like this is more about… there is an agenda and there is people that are purposing to try to bring things out and twisting them to hurt and slander,” Michelle said. Her daughters, she said, “have been victimized more by what happened in what has happened in these last couple weeks than they were 12 years ago.” “It has been an unprecedented attack on our family,” Jim Bob agreed. “And this information was released illegally. And so I’m wondering why all this press is not going after the system for releasing these juvenile records. That is a huge story.” The Duggars then blasted Fox News for suggesting Trayvon Martin and Michael Brown had juvenile records. Kidding! But none of this was the worst. The worst was when Kelly teased her interview with two of Josh’s sisters who were victims. We got to see them cry – and indeed blame the family’s enemies for their suffering.  But we just got a snippet – because Kelly was promoting the show that won’t air until Friday night. Tune in! Personally, I’ll skip it. Breaking my usual rules, I gave Fox an hour of my life I’ll never have back. There are times Kelly behaves like an actual journalist, and questions the toxic narratives her network peddles. This wasn’t one of them.",1
2071,Obama's fragile climate legacy,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
3377,State Dept. accused of stiff-arming intel watchdog over Hillary emails,"Top U.S. intelligence officials are running out of patience with the State Department's reluctance to turn over emails from Hillary Clinton's private email server, which have already been shown to have included top secret communications, Fox News has learned.

The Intelligence Community's Inspector General has requested some 30,000 emails from Clinton's tenure as Secretary of State in order to conduct its own review. Those emails are in possession of the State Department, which has been gradually releasing them to the public.

Clinton has agreed to turn over a similar-sized batch of emails, as well as the highly unusual private server she had installed in her Chappaqua, N.Y., home, to the Department of Justice which is conducting a separate investigation.

An intelligence source told Fox News the State Department has pushed back on the government intelligence watchdog's request, and that Director of National Intelligence James Clapper is considering intervening. The source said the inspector general wants to check the controls on the redaction process and ensure that the office can get a handle on all of the potentially sensitive information that was contained in the Clinton emails.

The flurry of activity came after Charles McCullough, the inspector general, notified senior members of Congress that two of four retroactively classified emails found on Clinton's server were deemed ""Top Secret, Sensitive Compartmented Information"" — a rating that is the government's highest classifications.

Clinton, the former first lady, senator from New York and top diplomat now running for the Democratic presidential nomination, announced Tuesday that she had told aides to turn over the actual server to the Justice Department, giving in to months of demands that she relinquish the device she used to store her correspondence while secretary of state.

Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, said McCullough had reported the new details about the higher classification to Congress on Tuesday.

The State Department disputes McCullough's determination that the emails were classified at the time they were sent. McCullough had previously told Congress that potentially hundreds of classified emails are among the cache that Clinton provided to the State Department.

A State Department spokesman said Wednesday that the agency is still processing the emails Clinton initially turned over and took a veiled swipe at Grassley for disclosing what McCullough had said.

""The emails that have been discussed have not been released to public,"" said Deputy Press Secretary Mark Toner. ""We are working to resolve if it is indeed classified [and] we are taking steps to make sure the information is protected and stored properly.

""These emails were not marked classified when they were sent,"" he added.

A source familiar with the investigation told Fox News late Tuesday that the two emails in question contained operational and geospatial intelligence from the CIA and the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA), which produces satellite images.

The FBI is investigating whether classified information was improperly sent via and stored on the so-called ""home-brew"" e-mail server she ran from her home in the New York City suburb after concerns were raised by McCullough. Investigators have said that the probe is not criminal in nature and have denied that Clinton is a target of their inquiries.

Clinton campaign spokesman Nick Merrill said she has ""pledged to cooperate with the government's security inquiry, and if there are more questions, we will continue to address them.""

It's not clear if the device will yield any information — Clinton's attorney said in March that no emails from the main personal address she used while secretary of state still ""reside on the server or on back-up systems associated with the server.""

An intelligence source familiar with the matter told Fox News that the campaign's statement of cooperation was overblown, as the FBI had previously taken possession of a thumb drive containing sensitive emails that had been held by Clinton's personal attorney, David Kendall. The Associated Press reported that Kendall gave three thumb drives containing copies of roughly 30,000 work-related emails sent to and from Clinton's personal email address to the FBI after the agency determined he could not remain in possession of the classified information contained in some of the emails.

The AP's report cited a U.S. official briefed on the matter who was not authorized to speak publicly. The State Department previously had said it was comfortable with Kendall keeping the emails at his Washington law office.

Clinton had to this point refused demands from Republican critics to turn over the server to a third party, with Kendall telling the House committee investigating the 2012 attacks in Benghazi, Libya, that ""there is no basis to support the proposed third-party review of the server."" Clinton has also defended her use of the server, saying she used it as a matter of convenience to limit the number of electronic devices she had to carry.

""It's about time,"" House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio said in a statement. ""Secretary Clinton's previous statements that she possessed no classified information were patently untrue. Her mishandling of classified information must be fully investigated.""

""Secretary Clinton said she created this unusual email arrangement with herself for 'convenience.' It may have been convenient for her, but it has been troubling at multiple levels for the rest of the country,"" said Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., the chairman of the Benghazi select committee. ""Secretary Clinton's decision to prioritize her own convenience - and desire for control - over the security of our country's intelligence should concern all people of good conscience.""

There is no evidence Clinton used encryption to shield the emails or her personal server from foreign intelligence services or other potentially prying eyes. Kendall has said that Clinton is ""actively cooperating"" with the FBI inquiry.

In March, Clinton said she exchanged about 60,000 emails in her four years in the Obama administration, about half of which were personal and were discarded. She turned over the other half to the State Department in last December.

The department is reviewing those emails and has begun the process of releasing them to the public.

""As she has said, it is her hope that State and the other agencies involved in the review process will sort out as quickly as possible which emails are appropriate to release to the public, and that the release will be as timely and transparent as possible,"" Merrill said Tuesday.

Earlier this week, Clinton said in a sworn statement submitted to a federal judge that she has turned over to the State Department all emails from the server ""that were or potentially were federal records."" The statement, which carries her signature and was signed under penalty of perjury, echoed months of Clinton's past public statements about the matter.

Fox News' Matt Dean and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
5037,Poll: Clinton Support Spikes Following Democratic Convention,"Following the Democratic National Convention, Hillary Clinton now leads Donald Trump by 8 points — 50 percent to 42 percent — up from a single-point difference last week, according to the latest NBC News|SurveyMonkey poll.

Clinton's gain also comes after a series of controversial comments made by the Republican nominee this past week regarding the family of a fallen American soldier and Trump's suggestion that Russian hackers should seek out deleted Clinton emails.

The Republican National Convention did not result in a post-convention bounce for Trump.

Clinton also saw a bounce in a four-way general election match-up against Trump, Libertarian Gary Johnson and Green Party candidate Jill Stein. Clinton now leads Trump by 5 points — 43 percent to 38 percent — in the four-way race. This is a lead-reversal from last week, when Trump was beating the Democratic nominee by 2 points. Support for Johnson (9 points) and Stein (4 points) remained virtually unchanged from last week.

These results are according to the latest from the NBC News|SurveyMonkey Weekly Election Tracking poll conducted online from July 25 through July 31 among 12,742 adults who say they are registered to vote.

Perhaps a result of a series of well-received speeches from high-profile Democrats, Clinton's gains this week were not only in the horserace numbers. Overall, the number of voters who say they have a strongly favorable impression of the Democratic nominee is up 5 points — from 15 percent to 20 percent — since the question was asked two weeks ago.

Clinton's favorability among Democrats and Democratic-leaning voters rose from 74 percent two weeks ago to 80 percent this week. Her unfavorable rating also dropped among Democrats from 24 percent to 19 percent.

President Obama, who spoke at the convention last week, also got an increase in approval this week. His job approval rating is up 3 points — 52 percent approve this week compared to 49 percent last week.

After a contentious primary season, the convention offered Democrats the chance to unite as a party. Overall, most voters who watched or followed the convention did not view the Democratic Party more favorably as a result — 27 percent viewed the Democratic Party more favorably as a result of the convention, but 35 percent viewed the party less favorably, and 37 percent said their opinion of the Democratic Party didn't change.

Among Democrats and Democratic-leaning voters, half said they have a more favorable opinion of the Democratic Party as a result of the convention. Among Independent voters, 42 percent said they view the Democratic Party less favorably and 49 percent said the convention did not change their opinion. These results are similar to the favorability ratings we saw for the Republican Party last week following the GOP convention.

Overall, four in 10 voters said they were more interested in this year's Democratic National Convention compared to previous years. Among Democrats, 58 percent said they were more interested in this year's convention than in prior years. Roughly the same number of Republicans said that about the GOP convention last week. Among Independents, 46 percent said they had about the same level of interest this year as in previous years and 34 percent said they were less interested this year.

A strong Democratic convention combined with Trump's troubles over the past few days surrounding his tweets toward the Khan family and comments about Russia produced a very good bounce for Clinton. The question is whether the bounce is short lived or represents a more permanent shift in the race.

The NBC News|SurveyMonkey Weekly Election Tracking poll was conducted online July 25 through July 31, 2016 among a national sample of 12,742 adults who say they are registered to vote. Respondents for this non-probability survey were selected from the nearly three million people who take surveys on the SurveyMonkey platform each day. Results have an error estimate of plus or minus 1.2 percentage points. For full results and methodology, click here.",1
4649,Florida Once Again a Focus in 2016 Campaign,"SANFORD, Fla.—The struggle for the White House and the Capitol took center stage this week in one familiar battleground—Florida—as Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton swept across the state.

Mr. Trump finished three days of campaigning here Tuesday, touching down in its biggest cities and filling the airwaves with his most expensive advertising buys. At the same time, Mrs. Clinton launched a two-day trip, seeking to capitalize on an...",1
278,The House’s new conservative politburo,"This column has been updated.

You think John Boehner had a rocky time as speaker of the House? Just wait until you see how his successor fares this fall — if House Republicans can even find a successor.

The same conservatives who badgered Boehner into retirement wasted no time in ousting his hand-picked successor, Kevin McCarthy.

Conservatives had been grumbling about McCarthy as the speaker-apparent almost from the moment Boehner announced his retirement, and by the eve of Thursday's House GOP vote to name a Boehner replacement, the criticism of McCarthy was murderous.

Rep. Tom Massie (Ky.) declared at a luncheon with reporters Wednesday that ""there is absolutely no way that I think you can vote for McCarthy and go back home and tell your constituents you did the best thing for them.""

Rep. Raúl Labrador (Idaho) had questions about whether McCarthy ""is prepared for such a high office.""

And Rep. Tim Huelskamp (Kan.) let it be known that ""outside conservative groups are not comfortable at all with picking Boehner's right-hand man to take the speaker's spot.""

On the eve of Thursday's vote, the conservative Freedom Caucus announced that its few dozen members would vote en bloc against McCarthy. He had enough votes to prevail in the caucus election on Thursday, but unless he could win over the conservative holdouts, he wouldn't prevail in speaker elections that had been set for Oct. 29.

And so, at noon on Thursday, the time the leadership election was to occur, McCarthy withdrew from the race.

McCarthy's surrender is surprising, but nothing changes. It doesn't really matter who the next speaker is, because that person will be leader in title only. Conservatives, far from being placated by Boehner's ouster, are emboldened: They have plans to bend the entire House to their will.

Defaulting on the federal debt? Not a problem. Shutting the government to defund Planned Parenthood? So be it.

These were a couple of the take-aways from Wednesday's installment of ""Conversations with Conservatives,"" a monthly luncheon sponsored by the Heritage Foundation (parent company of the House GOP caucus) and catered by Chick-Fil-A, the fast-food chain owned by religious conservatives. The 10 men on the dais, members of the Freedom Caucus, the Republican Study Committee, the Tea Party Caucus and other conservative factions, might be considered the politburo of the new conservative order in the House.

""The marginalizing of conservatives that's taken place over the last nine months is just not going to be tolerated anymore,"" declared Rep. Andy Harris (Md.).

""We have an opportunity to completely change what's happening,"" announced Labrador.

To seize this ""opportunity,"" they presented the three contenders for the speakership — McCarthy, Jason Chaffetz and Daniel Webster — with a list of demands that would increase the (already deafening) voice of conservatives in the House.

There may only be a few dozen die-hard conservatives in the caucus, but, as Boehner and McCarthy have learned, if they withhold their votes, they deny Republican leaders a majority. Any would-be speaker, therefore, had better do what conservatives want — and that includes likely showdowns over a debt-ceiling increase, an omnibus spending bill, a transportation bill and Export-Import Bank legislation.

Beyond that, the conservatives demand that the speaker never punish them for voting against the caucus; let them amend legislation on the floor at will; never let bills come to the floor without the support of a majority of Republicans; and refuse to take up Senate-brokered compromises.

That would lead to shutdown and default in short order. But this did not seem to be a major concern over lunch. Labrador, mocking GOP leaders' claims that ""we can't shut down the government,"" said he would prefer a leader who would be willing to fight — ""even if we fail.""

Paul Singer of USA Today observed that the conservatives' description of leadership is more like followership. ""You're asking for a speaker,"" he said, who ""follows your lead.""

They did not dispute this notion. Rep. Justin Amash (Mich.) said that ""we want a process-focused speaker,"" while Rep. John Fleming (La.) said the goal is to give ""power to the individual members"" so that the speaker no longer is ""dictating the agenda.""

Then why doesn't one of the conservative hard-liners run for the speakership himself?

Labrador's answer was revealing. ""When you're leading the revolution, you also upset a lot of people,"" he said. ""It's very difficult to make change as we have been trying to make and also build a coalition.""

That's true. It's harder to build a coalition than to tear things apart. And this is why the next speaker — whoever it is — will be no match for emboldened conservatives hell-bent on destruction.

Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
5130,Why Gingrich could be the ideal running mate for Trump,"Donald Trump and Newt Gingrich are both mavericks, but with complementary skills. And they have a good personal rapport.

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump (l.) and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich (r) acknowledge the crowd during a campaign rally at the Sharonville Convention Center on July 6, 2016, in Cincinnati.

Vice President Newt Gingrich. It has a certain ring to it, especially if you are Mr. Gingrich. And clearly, the former speaker of the House would love to be Donald Trump’s running mate.

Gingrich has acknowledged that he’s being vetted for the job, and is widely seen as a top prospect. Mr. Trump is expected to announce his choice this week, ahead of the Republican National Convention, which opens July 18.

Would it be a mistake for Trump to put someone as controversial as Gingrich at his side? The rap sheet on Gingrich is a mile long: As speaker in the 1990s, he presided over two unpopular shutdowns of the federal government. In 1995, at a Monitor breakfast, Gingrich showed a lack of discipline when he whined about being seated in the back of Air Force One on a flight to Israel, inspiring the famous “Cry Baby” cartoon.

In 1997, the House reprimanded Gingrich on ethics charges and fined him $300,000. Then GOP colleagues launched an unsuccessful coup to force him out of the speakership. By late 1998, he had resigned from Congress altogether.

Then there’s Gingrich’s messy personal life, including three marriages, just like Trump. As a presidential candidate in 2012, Gingrich won two GOP primaries but he was widely disliked by the general public, and his campaign ran aground.

So why are we arguing that Gingrich might just be the perfect running mate for Trump? Start with the fact that he meets Trump’s résumé requirement: someone with Washington political experience, someone who “could truly be good with respect to dealing with the Senate, dealing with Congress, getting legislation passed,” the billionaire said in May.

But didn’t Gingrich mishandle his time as speaker? In important ways yes, but he also got some things done. He and President Clinton reached a deal that resulted in four straight balanced budgets. They also cut capital gains taxes and reformed welfare. So in Gingrich, Trump would get deep knowledge of how Washington works, and the lessons an older, wiser Gingrich learned from past mistakes.

But wouldn’t putting a controversial running mate next to a controversial presidential nominee make for, well, too much controversy? Maybe. But the public is clamoring for change. Gingrich was all about change when he led the Republican Revolution of 1994 with his 10-point platform, the Contract with America – ushering in a GOP majority in the House for the first time in 40 years. More than 20 years later, Gingrich is still, in a way, an outsider, despite his insider experience.

None of the above, however, gets to why Gingrich might be Trump’s most effective running mate, which is this: He is great at capturing media attention, and could use that to go after Hillary Clinton relentlessly.

“With an untethered attack animal such as former Speaker Gingrich on his ticket, Trump can set down his Twitter account and start behaving presidential,” says John Gizzi, chief political columnist at Newsmax.

Or Trump and Gingrich could double-team Mrs. Clinton, reinforcing the message of “lying crooked Hillary.”

“They can sing from the same hymn book,” says Republican strategist Ford O’Connell.

As Trump considers whom to pick – Indiana’s low-key governor and former House member, Mike Pence, is another reported finalist – personal rapport also looms large. Trump is a “relationship guy,” says Mr. O’Connell.

Trump and Gingrich have a bond formed in part at the Trump National Golf Club in northern Virginia, which is near Gingrich’s home. Gingrich and his wife are members, and when Trump was visiting the club, they would socialize.

Last week, the outlines of a potential Trump-Gingrich ticket began to take shape, when the two campaigned together in Cincinnati.

""Newt has been my friend for a long time,” Trump said. “And I'm not saying anything, and I'm not telling even Newt anything, but I can tell you, in one form or another, Newt Gingrich is going to be involved with our government. That I can tell you.""

If he selects Gingrich to be his running mate, Trump added, “nobody’s going to beat him in those debates.”

Ultimately, running mates don’t matter to presidential nominees’ chances - except when they do. Lyndon Johnson helped John F. Kennedy win Texas in 1960. Sarah Palin was a drag on John McCain’s campaign in 2008. With the political novice Trump at the top of the ticket, putting someone at his side with policy and governing experience seems a must.

But beyond that, Trump’s candidacy will rise or fall based on Trump, and nobody else. His larger-than-life persona will not be eclipsed by anyone, even a big personality like Gingrich.",1
1896,Former HP CEO Carly Fiorina Announces She's Running For President,"Carly Fiorina, the former chief executive of Hewlett-Packard, says she will seek the Republican nomination for the 2016 presidential contest.

Fiorina made the announcement on ABC's Good Morning America and later via a simple tweet.

Fiorina joins an already crowded field of Republicans vying for the presidency. On Sunday, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson announced his campaign.

The New York Times reports that former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee is expected to join the fray on Tuesday.

Senators Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and Rand Paul have all already announced their candidacies. Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush is still exploring a run.

""A former chief executive of Hewlett-Packard, Ms. Fiorina is the second woman to make a run for the White House in this election cycle, following Hillary Rodham Clinton's announcement last month. Ms. Fiorina brings strong business acumen and a promise to be a more compassionate version of Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican nominee. And she has suggested that she is the perfect antidote to Mrs. Clinton, who many believe has an easy path to the Democratic nomination. "" 'I think that if Hillary Clinton were to face a female nominee, there are a whole set of things she won't be able to talk about,' Ms. Fiorina said at a breakfast in Washington last month.""

Our friends at It's All Politics have more on Fiorina.",1
1390,"With rise in polls, Cruz becomes potential Trump target in Tuesday's GOP debate","The once-friendly rivalry between Ted Cruz and Donald Trump is getting edgy as the Texas senator cuts into the business mogul’s lead, setting up a potential showdown in the GOP presidential primary debate Tuesday.

Cruz has largely avoided public attacks on Trump -- likely in part to avoid his withering counter-attacks and also in hopes of gathering Trump supporters should he falter or quit the race.

Trump has mostly left Cruz alone -- at least until recently, when Cruz apparently criticized him at private fundraisers.

The Texan then pulled ahead in Iowa, according to polls released over the past few days.

“He said it behind my back. Somebody taped that conversation,” Trump said about Cruz on “Fox News Sunday.”

“I don't think he's qualified to be president. …  I don't think he's got the right judgment.”

Tuesday's debate, hosted by CNN, will be the fourth of 12 sanctioned GOP White House primary debates and the final one of the year.

It also comes less than 50 days before the Iowa Caucus, the first voting in the 2016 election cycle.

Cruz and Trump will be joined on the main stage in Las Vegas by Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, Ohio Gov. John Kasich, former Hewlett Packard CEO Carly Fiorina and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie.

On Sunday, Trump suggested that Cruz’s tactics on Capitol Hill are devoid of the compromising skills needed to run the country.

“He goes in there … like a bit of a maniac,” Trump said.

“You never get things done that way. You can't walk into the Senate and scream and call people liars and not be able to cajole and get along with people. … That's the problem with Ted.”

When the reports surfaced last week of Cruz at New York fundraisers questioning Trump’s judgement, Cruz promptly tweeted: “The Establishment's only hope: Trump & me in a cage match. Sorry to disappoint.”

And within hours of Trump’s attack Sunday, Cruz responded on Twitter by posting a link to the song “Maniac” from the movie “Flashdance” and writing: ""In honor of my friend @realDonaldTrump and good-hearted maniacs everywhere ...""

CNN will also host a debate for the second-tier GOP candidates -- former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum, South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham and former New York Gov. George Pataki.

The network said Paul squeezed into the main debate “by showing viability in Iowa in a Fox News poll released Sunday morning.”

Christie returns to the main stage, largely because of his strong poll numbers in early-voting state New Hampshire.

Carson last month surged in national polls and briefly held second place behind Trump in Iowa. But his campaign has since plummeted roughly 12 percentage points, from 24.8 to 12.6 percent.

Bush is also looking for a comeback, after being considered the presumptive frontrunner early in the election cycle. However, his campaign has failed to catch fire, despite its infrastructure and fundraising prowess.

Rubio has also improved his poll rankings in recent weeks but is competing with Cruz for essentially the same voters, which could bring fireworks to the debate.

Cruz's national poll numbers didn't reach double-digits until early November, according to a RealClearPoltics.com averaging.

But he could indeed win Iowa, considering his support among evangelicals and other social-conservative voters is similar to that of Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum, who in 2008 and 2012, respectively, won the caucus despite average numbers in national polls.

A Fox News Poll released Sunday showed Cruz edging Trump in Iowa, 28-26 percent among likely caucus-goers. The poll was taken Dec. 7-10 and had a margin of error of 4.5 percentage points.

Cruz has a 10-point lead over Cruz according to a new Des Moines Register/Bloomberg Politics poll, which previously had him trailing Trump in Iowa by 11 percentage points.

And a new Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll shows the freshman senator edging closer to Trump nationally, 22-to-27 percent, after trailing by 15 percentage points in October.",1
3458,What If The Supreme Court Had Gone The Other Way On Obamacare?,"What If The Supreme Court Had Gone The Other Way On Obamacare?

This post was updated at 12:15 p.m. ET to reflect the Supreme Court's ruling.

The Supreme Court ruled Thursday that state-based subsidies under the Affordable Care Act are legal. A different decision could have affected the health care of millions of Americans. In King v. Burwell, the court chose to allow the exchanges set up under the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare, to many) to continue operating as-is. It could have ended the subsidies in most states allowing many lower-income Americans to afford the insurance offered through those sites.

At issue in the case was a phrase in the law stating that the government will subsidize patients in exchanges ""established by the state."" In King v. Burwell, the question was whether those subsidies should then go to people participating in the exchanges in the 34 states that didn't set up their own — that is, in states where the exchanges are federally run to some degree.

There are two broad paths the Supreme court could have taken here, but within those, there is a lot of room for variation:

Everything stays the way it is — people keep getting their subsidies in all states, regardless of whether the government, the state, or a mix of the two, runs their exchanges.

Obamacare customers in states using federal exchanges would have likely lost their subsidies altogether. That means an estimated 6.4 million people could have lost the tax credits that helped them pay for their insurance through the exchanges.

But there were other potential, more mixed outcomes in which fewer people would have lost their subsidies. Because there were different configurations of federal-state cooperation, residents of some states could have kept their subsidies, while others could have lost them. For example, five states have state-run marketplaces using federal websites — it was possible that the court could have decided either way on those states, as they use federal resources, even while operating their own state marketplaces.

So what could have ended up mattering here was the question of what a state-run exchange is. It was possible the court could have defined that, but it could have also sent it to the administration. And depending on how the administration set the bar on what makes a state-run exchange, this path could have led to still more litigation from Obamacare opponents, challenging how the administration set that definition, explains Linda Blumberg at the Urban Institute.

In the 16 states (plus the District of Columbia) with state-run exchanges, nothing would have changed with this outcome. But the effects in the other 34 states could have gone beyond just more expensive health care. One study from the Urban Institute estimated that 8.2 million more people would have joined the ranks of the uninsured in this case. Not only that, but because so many healthy individuals would have exited the exchanges, premiums would have gone up by an estimated 35 percent for people remaining on the exchanges in the states that lost their subsidies.

Florida, by far, leads the pack in having the most people who were at risk of losing their credits. There, a staggering 1.3 million people could have lost subsidized health insurance, missing out on an average subsidy of $294 per month, according to data from the Kaiser Family Foundation. In Alaska, fewer than 17,000 people could have been affected, but their price tags could have grown in a huge way — by $536 per month on average.

With reporting from Gisele Grayson and Joe Neel.",1
673,Megyn Kelly Rips Into Donald Trump for His Attacks on a Federal Judge,"In their last meeting, Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly laughed with her former adversary, presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, tossing him a handful of softball questions he could swiftly bat away. But Kelly took a swing right at him on her show Thursday evening, blasting the billionaire for his comments about Gonzalo Curiel, the federal judge presiding over the civil fraud lawsuits against Trump University, whom Trump has claimed is biased because of his Mexican heritage.

“This is out of line,” Kelly said, raising her voice. The Fox News host had planned to spend the segment talking about House Speaker Paul Ryan endorsing the candidate, but scrapped it when news broke a few hours before her broadcast that Trump told The Wall Street Journal that Curiel, a U.S. District Judge, had an “absolute conflict” presiding over a pair of cases in which plaintiffs accuse Trump University of duping them into paying thousands of dollars to learn Trump’s tricks of the real-estate trade. (According to one former employee of the now-defunct for-profit school, whose testimony was revealed on Tuesday, “Trump University was a fraudulent scheme” that “preyed upon the elderly and uneducated.”) The conflict, according to Trump, derives from the fact that Curiel is “of Mexican heritage” and a member of a Latino lawyers’ association. Curiel grew up in Indiana.

Trump told the Journal that his plan to close off the U.S. border with Mexico and his stated stance against illegal immigration makes the fact that Curiel’s parents are Mexican immigrants relevant. “I’m building a wall. It’s an inherent conflict of interest,” he said.

“The man is not Mexican. His parents are Mexican. He was born in Indiana. He has no conflict of interest,” Kelly deadpanned to the camera. “Now Trump is saying the judge needs to be investigated, someone should look into him, just because he’s ruled against Trump in this case repeatedly . . . That doesn’t make you biased. It doesn’t. Trump continues to attack a sitting federal judge who, by the way, did a lot to fight the drug cartels when he was a prosecutor, based on his ethnicity, suggesting he has an inherent conflict of interest because of his heritage. A Hispanic cannot judge a case against me, that’s what he’s saying.”

This was the fired-up anchor many were hoping to see in Kelly’s first Fox Broadcast special in May, in which she sat down face-to-face with the candidate after a months-long feud that began when Kelly asked him a question about his treatment of women during the first G.O.P. debate in August. For months following the debate, Trump slammed Kelly as a lightweight, suggested the reason for her tough question was that she was menstruating, and encouraged his online supporters to do the same.

Kelly harkened back to the months of harassment from Trump’s followers on Thursday night, subtly empathizing with what Judge Curiel could be about to go through at their hands. “Let me tell you, I guarantee you right now that this judge is getting threats, and vitriol and who knows what else,” she said.

Kelly set the record straight before moving on to broader Trump news: ”There’s no conflict of interest whatsoever based on his ethnicity, just to clear up this man’s reputation, who is a sitting federal judge and has served the country for four years in that capacity.”",1
4847,Trump Is Wrong About Terrorism and Immigration,"Donald Trump predictably blames ""our extremely open immigration system"" for Saturday's bomb attacks in New Jersey and New York City. His critique overlooks the details of this particular case as well as the general rarity of terrorism by immigrants.

Ahmad Khan Rahami, the 28-year-old man police arrested on Monday in connection with the bombings, is a naturalized U.S. citizen who immigrated to the United States from Afghanistan at the age of 7. He seems to have been radicalized within the last few years, a period when he spent nearly a year in Pakistan and became noticeably more religious and taciturn.

It is hard to imagine how the ""extreme vetting"" Trump advocates for immigrants from ""any nation that has been compromised by terrorism"" could have kept Rahami out of the country. What questions could have been posed to his parents that would have predicted his violent turn two decades later?

Trump faults his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, for supporting the admission of Syrian refugees, who he says pose an unacceptable risk of terrorism. But according to a recent study by Cato Institute immigration policy analyst Alex Nowrasteh, ""the chance of an American being murdered in a terrorist attack caused by a refugee is 1 in 3.64 billion per year.""

Trump has recommended ""a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country's representatives can figure out what is going on""—a plan that his own running mate called ""offensive and unconstitutional."" More recently Trump has said the moratorium should apply to all visitors from countries ""compromised by terrorism,"" a category that arguably includes most of the world.

Some pundits favor a cleaner approach. ""Confronted with the threat of Islamic terrorism,"" Nowrasteh notes, ""well-known conservatives like Larry Kudlow, David Bossie, and Ann Coulter have called for a complete moratorium on immigration.""

A broad moratorium would have the advantage of preventing all terrorist attacks by newly admitted immigrants. But it would also exclude more than 1 million innocent people each year it was in effect, at a huge economic cost. Nowrasteh cites estimates ranging from $35 billion to $229 billion a year.

Nowrasteh reports that tourists accounted for 94 percent of deaths caused by foreign-born terrorists in the United States from 1975 through 2015. Including tourists in the moratorium would raise the annual cost by another $194 billion or so.

Given the rarity of deaths caused by terrorism, Nowrasteh shows, such costs cannot possibly be justified. Based on a value of $15 million per life, he puts ""the combined human, property, business, and economic costs"" of attacks by foreign-born terrorists during the 41-year period covered by his study at $5.3 billion annually, which is ""far less than the minimum estimated yearly benefit of $229.1 billion from immigration and tourism.""

Even that calculation overestimates the potential security benefit of cutting off immigration, since it is dominated by the 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, an anomalous event that is unlikely to be replicated. The 9/11 attacks (which were perpetrated not by naturalized citizens or by refugees but by visitors with tourist or student visas) account for 99 percent of the 3,024 deaths caused by foreign-born terrorists from 1975 through 2015.

Excluding 9/11, the overwhelming majority of terrorist murders in the United States—more than 90 percent—have been committed by native-born Americans. Except for 2001, the risk of being killed by a foreign-born terrorist has been minuscule and flat for more than four decades.

That risk is extremely low even if you include 9/11: about 1 in 3.6 million per year. You are more than 200 times as likely to die in a traffic accident, 20 times as likely to be killed by falling down stairs, and four times as likely to drown in a bathtub.

Any politician who wants to impose large costs in response to such a tiny risk has a lot of explaining to do.",1
4927,Why Not Vote Third Party? We Asked California Voters.,"In an election year in which the two mainstream candidates are disliked at never-before-seen levels, might there be an opportunity for third party candidates?

Green Party candidate Jill Stein and Darrell Castle of the Constitution Party are seeing more interest in their parties' nominees than ever before, and Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson is polling close to double-digits, higher than any other third party candidate since Ross Perot in 1992.

We hit the streets of Los Angeles and the campus of UCLA to ask voters whether they'd consider voting third party this year and to administer the isidewith.com test, an online quiz that shows you which candidate is your ideological match based on your answers to a series of questions. Perhaps unsurprisingly, many people's matches weren't consistent with the candidate for whom they planned to vote.

In this solidly blue state, most voters we talked to plan to cast a ballot for Hillary Clinton, with varying levels of enthusiasm. But while a few committed Clinton partisans seemed unlikely to budge, we found that many folks identified as independents, a trend consistent with data that points to fewer and fewer Americans affiliating with the major parties.

And these self-described independents were more willing to at least hear out the third party candidates. In fact, a recent Quinnipiac poll found that 62 percent of Americans want Gary Johnson on the debate stage, despite the fact that the Commission on Presidential Debates sets the polling cutoff at 15 percent.

So what would it take for these independent-minded voters to pull the lever for someone other than Clinton or Trump? Watch the video above to find out.

Produced by Zach Weissmueller and Justin Monticello. Hosted by Monticello. Shot by Weissmueller. Additional graphics by Josh Swain. Music by Audionautix.

Scroll down for downloadable versions. Subscribe to Reason TV's YouTube channel for daily content like this.",1
4037,MH370 search: Debris found in Reunion may give clues,"Saint-Denis, Reunion Island (CNN) When investigators get an in-person view of a wing component that likely came from a Boeing 777, they'll be looking for not only a serial number but clues as to why the part broke off the Boeing 777.

One group of independent observers said Thursday that the damage to the component -- a right wing flaperon -- should give authorities a good indication that the piece came off while the plane was still in the air.

The group, led by American Mobile Satellite Corp. co-founder Mike Exner, points to the small amount of damage to the front of the flaperon and the ragged horizontal tear across the back.

The rear damage could have been caused if the airliner had its flaperon down as it went into the ocean, some members of Exner's group wrote in a preliminary assessment after looking at photos and videos of the component.

But the lack of damage to the front makes it more likely the plane was in a high-speed, steep, spiral descent and the part fluttered until it broke off, the group said.

Boeing and Australian officials are confident the debris -- found Wednesday off the coast of a remote island in the west Indian Ocean -- came from a Boeing 777 -- and might be from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, a 777 that disappeared in March 2014 with 239 people on board.

Exner's group -- an informal cadre of aviation experts -- said that if the flaperon were still on the wing when the plane hit water, the front would have been damaged by hitting the part of the wing to which it was attached. And the rear damage looks like it was caused by stress rather than being bent and broken off when the plane hit the water.

But an aircraft component specialist who spoke to CNN disagreed.

The lack of damage to the front section ""tells me that the component could still have likely been back in its original position inside the wing itself,"" said Michael Kenney, senior vice president of Universal Asset Management, which provides plane components to airlines.

Boeing investigators are confident that debris found on a remote island in the Indian Ocean comes from a 777 aircraft, according to a source close to the investigation.

""We are highly confident but it still needs confirmation that it is a part from a 777 aircraft,"" he told CNN's ""Erin Burnett OutFront."" ""The only 777 aircraft that we're aware of in the Indian Ocean that could have led to this part floating is MH370. But as I said, we still need to confirm that through closer study.""

People cleaning a beach found the debris Wednesday on Reunion, a French overseas territory in the western Indian Ocean.

The source said Boeing investigators feel confident the piece comes from a 777 because of photos that have been analyzed and a stenciled number that corresponds to a 777 component. A component number is not the same as a part number, which is generally much longer.

Images of the debris also appear to match schematic drawings for the right wing flaperon from a Boeing 777. A flaperon helps the pilot control the aircraft. It is lightweight and has sealed chambers, making it buoyant.

Despite this confidence, no one is saying the part definitely comes from a 777, much less MH370.

Finding the debris is a ""significant development"" in the search for MH370, Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said.

New debris, which washed ashore Thursday and appears to resemble remnants of a suitcase, is also part of the investigation, Reunion Island police officials confirmed to CNN.

A preliminary assessment by U.S. intelligence agencies, produced in the wake of the MH370 disaster, suggested it was likely someone in the cockpit deliberately caused the aircraft's movements before the Malaysian airliner disappeared.

Two U.S. officials briefed on the matter told CNN that the assessment, which was not intended for public release, was prepared months ago and was solely based on available satellite and other evidence.

The U.S. intelligence assessment was largely focused on the multiple course changes the aircraft made after it deviated from its scheduled Kuala Lumpur to Beijing route. Analysts determined that, absent any other evidence, it's most likely someone in the cockpit deliberately moved the aircraft to specific waypoints, crossing Indonesian territory and eventually toward the south Indian Ocean.

Malaysian investigators haven't reported finding any evidence that casts suspicion on the pilots.

If it does turn out to be from Flight 370, the development would reassure Australian officials that they are looking for the rest of the plane in the right area, Truss and Dolan said.

""It's credible that debris from MH370 could have reached the Reunion Islands by now,"" Truss said.

Malaysia Airlines is sending a team of investigators to Paris and a second team to Saint-Denis, Reunion, on Friday, an airline official in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, told CNN.

It's unclear how identification will be made.

Normally identification would be aided by a small serial number plate attached to a flaperon, but the part found on the beach appears to be missing the serial number plate, according to photographs.

Other markings may be found on the part, said Kenney, the executive from Universal Asset Management.

Australia is leading the underwater search for the remains of Flight 370 in the southern Indian Ocean, some 2,300 nautical miles (3,700 kilometers) east of Reunion. But Truss said that French and Malaysian authorities will be responsible for establishing whether the debris found off the island came from the missing jetliner.

Australia has offered its help, he said, including asking marine experts to look at photos of the debris to determine whether barnacles on it are ""consistent with something that was floating in the oceans for 16 months or more.""",1
2193,How Republicans are targeting Clinton on foreign policy,"Republican groups are moving to the next phase of their plan to take down Hillary Clinton.

After spending much of the year focused on her use of a private email server as secretary of State as a way of raising doubts about her ethics and honesty, outside GOP groups are pivoting to her record as the nation's top diplomat to call into question her leadership abilities.

The focus on national security and foreign policy following the Paris terror attacks and the San Bernardino, Calif, mass shooting has created a natural opening for Clinton to highlight her experience as secretary of State under President Obama. It's also brought a sense of urgency to GOP efforts to turn what's long been considered an asset into a liability, by highlighting what they say was Clinton's role in the president's failed policy approaches — especially in Libya as it becomes a safe haven for Islamic State militants.

America Rising PAC, an outside Republican group, is blasting out missives about Clinton's role in the U.S. intervention in Libya, Iraq, Syria and the release of Guantanamo Bay detainees. Other groups are also expected to spend millions on television ads next year. American Crossroads is combing through digital archives and poll testing for spots that may begin next year, said Crossroads spokesman Ian Prior.

A newly formed super PAC called Future 45 ran its first round of ads in Iowa and New Hampshire using her comments before a special House Benghazi committee that ""I was responsible for quite a bit"" of Obama's foreign policy. ""Her tenure of secretary of State is a vulnerability, not an asset, and it merits serious scrutiny,"" said Dan Conston, a senior adviser to the group, which is planning additional spots.

On Monday, Jeb Bush told an Iowa audience that the Islamic State is taking hold in Libya. ""This is the place that Hillary Clinton, even in the debate in Las Vegas, said was an example of success in foreign policy, of smart power. Really?"" said Bush. ""Libya today is completely chaotic.""

Polls show voters trust Clinton more than any of the Republican candidates, none of whom have similar foreign policy experience,

Yet, much like 2004 Democratic nominee John Kerry found himself playing defense on national security issues despite extensive foreign policy credentials, Republicans see an opportunity to tarnish Clinton.

Democrats say Republicans are grasping for a new line of attack because voter interest in her private email server has waned after her testimony before the House special Benghazi committee failed to produce any major revelations about the 2012 attack on the U.S. embassy in Libya. Further, Clinton began her campaign with an advantage even greater than Kerry on foreign policy, according to polling, which Democrats say makes it unlikely the strategy can work the way it did in 2004.

""It's classic Karl Rove: Hit your opponent where she's strong,"" said Heather Hurlburt, a former speechwriter to Secretary of State Madeline Albright, referring to President George W. Bush's former chief political strategist. ""They have no choice but to try to tear her down,"" she said.

Republicans acknowledge that this portion of their strategy will be the hardest to execute because it will require significant investments in paid media to make their case.

Yet there is an opening. Beginning with attacks leveled by her Democratic challengers in the most recent debate, Clinton is facing increased scrutiny over Obama's 2011 decision to, along with a large number of nations, intervene in Libya without a plan to fill the void left after the ouster of Moammar Gaddafi.

Obama himself has called the ensuing chaos ""a lesson I had to learn"" about the need to manage new transitions to democracy.

In a Monday interview with CBS's Charlie Rose, Clinton repeated that Gaddafi had ""American blood on his hands"" and ""was a threat to the broader region."" Now the international community needs to join together, as do the armed groups unallied with the Islamic State, to defeat the terrorist network, she said.

Michael O'Hanlon, a foreign policy expert at the Brookings Institution, says Libya is the biggest trouble spot for Clinton. ""I do think she's got to maybe rethink her argument right now,"" he said. ""I certainly don't think one can evaluate it as a success,"" he said.

Yet Republicans have already spent a significant amount of time on Benghazi, and they are circulating talking points on controversies that may be harder to sell.

For instance: that Clinton also misjudged Syrian president Bashar al-Assad, having referred to him as a ""reformer"" and different from his father. They are also focused on the administration's drawdown of troops in Iraq, which they say left a vacuum for terrorist activity to grow. They say Clinton advocated against leaving a residual force in 2011.

Republicans are also zeroing in on Clinton's decision against labeling Boko Haram, responsible for many more deaths than the Islamic State, a terrorist group — a decision they say allowed terrorist activity to multiply.

Some of the accusations, concerning high-level national security decisions made in the most private of meetings, are difficult to prove, while others aren't meaningful to the public, said Grant Green, a former national security official under Presidents Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush.

""It's got to be something that the guy out in Omaha can understand,"" he said. Meantime ""It's easy for her to go out and say 'I'm the only one with significant foreign policy experience,'"" said Green.

""As you get further into the general campaign and people start paying closer attention, she can pick these apart one by one, "" said O'Hanlon, a nonpartisan expert. ""On issues of Iraq and Syria, it's pretty clear she's a little more hawkish and she's being vindicated,"" she said.

Derek Chollet, who served on Clinton's policy planning staff from 2009 to 2011, said no one ""takes pride"" in what Libya has become. Yet, inserting U.S. troops after the fact would have overruled the wishes of another sovereign government, he said. ""It's hard to find a compelling path that would have prevented what happened,"" said Chollet, who is now advising the campaign.

On Iraq, he said the U.S. timetable for withdrawal was negotiated by the previous administration, and that former Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki did not grant legal authority for a continuing troop presence. Chollet, who worked closely with Clinton at the time, said she was ""very worried"" about the security of the U.S. embassy and diplomatic facilities absent a U.S. troop presence.

""There was an intense debate through the administration on the slope of the withdrawal. We were constrained by the limits of the strategic framework Bush had signed,"" he said.",1
2830,Ayatollah's decree complicates Iran nuclear talks,The online comment fits closely with his campaign platform.,1
2819,Boehner vows fight to scuttle Iran nuclear deal,"House Speaker John Boehner vowed Wednesday to do ""everything possible"" to stop the newly struck Iran nuclear deal, as Congress formally begins consideration of the hard-fought pact.

""While the president's Iran deal may have been applauded at the United Nations, I think he faces serious skepticism here at home,"" Boehner told reporters at a briefing. ""Let me just assure you that members of Congress will ask much tougher questions this afternoon when we meet with the president's team, because a bad deal threatens the security of the American people.""

The warning comes just days after the U.N. Security Council endorsed the deal, over the objections of many in Congress. Republicans, and some Democrats, had wanted the administration to wait until Congress reviews it before seeking approval from the United Nations.

Congress nevertheless will have its say. Fox News has learned the administration formally sent the deal to Capitol Hill on Sunday -- this starts a 60-day clock for lawmakers to consider it, and then vote to approve or disapprove it or take no action.

The White House has launched an aggressive campaign in recent days, trying to sway wavering Democrats while publicly ripping Republicans for opposing the deal.

In an appearance on ""The Daily Show"" Tuesday, Obama portrayed the controversial deal as the best compromise the government could achieve. In a jab at the George W. Bush administration, he joked that his critics think if only former Vice President Dick Cheney had been on the U.S. negotiating team, ""then everything would be fine.""

But Congress is facing pressure from both sides of the issue. While the White House lobbies for approval, Israeli Ambassador Ron Dermer, a foe of the Iran nuclear, is telling Republicans that Congress must stop the pact.

Dermer met Wednesday morning with some 30 to 40 Republicans -- part of the Conservative Opportunity Society -- at the invitation of Rep. Steve King of Iowa, the group's chairman. Dermer told the group that Congress is the last backstop and no deal is better than a bad deal.

The U.N. action would not take effect for 90 days. Congress technically has limited leverage over the international aspects of the agreement. Still, Obama does not want Congress to kill any part of the deal, and has vowed to veto any such effort.

The agreement itself would roll back sanctions in exchange for limits on Iran's nuclear program, with the ultimate goal of blocking Tehran's pathway to a nuclear weapon for as long as the deal's in place.

Critics argue that Iran could still be well-positioned to pursue a nuclear weapon after a decade, all the while reaping billions in economic benefits. Further, they're concerned the deal gives Iran too much leeway to stall when international inspectors want to visit suspected nuclear sites.

Sen. Tom Cotton, R-Ark., and Rep. Mike Pompeo, R-Kan., said in a statement Tuesday that they learned from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) that two ""side deals"" between Iran and the IAEA will remain secret from Congress and the public.

According to the lawmakers, one agreement covers inspection of the Parchin military complex, and the other concerns potential military aspects of Iran's nuclear program. On the former, they said, Iran would be able to strike a separate arrangement with the IAEA concerning inspections at Parchin.

""In failing to secure the disclosure of these secret side deals, the Obama administration is asking Congress and the American people to trust, but not verify,"" Cotton said in a statement. ""What we cannot do is trust the terror-sponsoring, anti-American, outlaw regime that governs Iran and that has been deceiving the world on its nuclear weapons work for years.""

Fox News' Chad Pergram and Lucas Tomlinson and The Associated Press contributed to this report.

",1
724,Why Trump is dredging up 1990s attacks against the Clintons,"The presumptive Republican nominee is reintroducing Americans to a panoply of dormant scandals, personal transgressions and partisan controversies that rocked Bill Clinton's White House and first lady Hillary Clinton in two turbulent presidential terms leading up to the end of the 20th Century.

The goal is to link them with a flurry of more recent dramas such as those over Clinton's private email server and Benghazi, to depict her potential presidency as a return to unsavory days of rumor, innuendo and alleged malfeasance that would exhaust and disgust voters -- in effect, making the 2016 election a referendum on the Clintons, and the baggage that has always haunted their successful and resilient political careers.

Case in point: a new Instagram video that pictures Bill Clinton chomping on a cigar and revives claims of wrongdoing against him by several women, which ends with the sound of Hillary Clinton laughing and a slogan: ""Here we go again?""

The billionaire also appears to be taking aim at the already upside-down approval ratings of Hillary Clinton to neutralize rock-bottom perceptions of his own character revealed by polls that threaten his general election appeal, especially with women voters, the majority of whom prefer his likely Democratic rival.

""What he is doing is he is exposing, not just Bill Clinton for what he was and what he had done, but it's the same as it relates to Hillary,"" Michael Cohen, Trump's legal counsel, said on CNN's ""New Day.""

""She attacked Mr. Trump as being a sexist, misogynist, and he is not any of those things,"" Cohen said, portraying Hillary Clinton as an ""enabler"" of her husband's dalliances.

But Trump's personal broadsides against the Clintons are not risk-free. The New York billionaire real estate investor has had a colorful personal life himself, and has been accused by the former secretary of state's allies and in news reports of sexist behavior and a string of unflattering comments about women.

Still, the strategy, from Trump's point of view, has the virtue of forcing Clinton into the painful personal position of recalling her husband's past wrongdoing when she would much prefer to focus on other issues.

She answered with a terse ""No"" when asked by CNN's Chris Cuomo last week whether she ever felt compelled to defend her or her husband's honor against Trump.

""I know that that's exactly what he is fishing for, and you know, I'm not going to be responding.""

Her campaign has dusted off the classic Clinton scandal playbook -- pivoting to focus on Trump's own vulnerabilities and stressing that the American people have more pressing concerns.

""The reason he is doing it, is his own record his coming under scrutiny,"" said Clinton campaign spokesman Brian Fallon on ""New Day"" Monday , as the Clinton camp lit into Trump over past comments that he hoped the real estate market would crash as it would benefit his businesses.

Trump's attacks, aimed at fixing the picture of ""Crooked Hillary"" in the public mind as the general election gears up, recall earlier political branding hit jobs that he pulled against ""low energy"" Jeb Bush and ""little"" Marco Rubio in the GOP race.

He also is showing he is ready to fight fire with a flamethrower. It is significant for instance that his first veiled reference to 1990s sexual allegations against Bill Clinton came after he concluded that the Clinton campaign was playing the ""women card"" was against him.

Trump's attacks recall a tortured political era in which the Clinton White House seemed to stagger from scandal to scandal -- but repeatedly defied predictions of its demise to survive and prosper.

As soon as the new First Couple arrived in Washington from Arkansas, they were beset by rumors of wrongdoing and mini ethics scandals. There was Whitewater, about the First Lady's real estate dealings in Arkansas. Travelgate, about firings of officials in the White House travel office, and Filegate about the alleged misuse of FBI papers.

Early on, the Clinton White House was rocked by the suicide of legal counsel Vince Foster, a close friend of Hillary Clinton, which became the cue for another round of conspiracy theories.

It all culminated in an independent counsel investigation by Ken Starr, which in turn led to the moment when Clinton became only the second President to be impeached by the House of Representatives, in 1998, for lying under oath about an affair with Monica Lewinsky, a White House intern. He was subsequently acquitted in a trial before the U.S. Senate in February 1999. None of the other 'scandals' produced criminal charges against the Clintons and the Whitewater investigation was eventually wrapped up in 2002.

All of that seemed like ancient history. Bill Clinton Clinton left office with a 66% approval rating, according to CNN/Gallup/USA Today polling, and threw himself into an energetic and philanthropic post presidency and built a personal fortune on the lucrative speech making circuit. Hillary Clinton pursued her own political career in the Senate, as secretary of state and her second presidential campaign.

Even Starr has praised Clinton's redemptive post presidency and in remarks reported by the New York Times on Tuesday bemoaned the ""tragic dimensions"" of the Clinton scandals and investigations of which he was a part.

But Trump is not interested in putting the past to rest. He's dredging it up.

""It's the one thing with her, whether it's Whitewater or whether it's Vince or whether it's Benghazi. It's always a mess with Hillary,"" Trump said in the Post interview.

The most pressing question raised by Trump's personal assault using the ugliest moments of the Clinton presidency is whether it will work.

Tana Goertz, a senior Trump adviser, told CNN's Pamela Brown on Tuesday that there were no fears in the billionaire's camp that raising Bill Clinton's conduct would boost his wife's approval ratings, just as they did back in the 1990s.

""Back then, people felt sorry for Hillary because her husband was unfaithful. They believed she was going to do the right thing for women and empower women, strengthen women and support women and none of that happened,"" Goertz said. ""That might have been a sympathy vote back then, but that will not happen again.""

Throughout their turbulent political careers, the Clintons have shown an ability to court public support by portraying attacks against them as vicious partisan witch hunts and displayed an almost supernatural capacity to weather political crises.

The period of personal anguish, self-reflection and humiliation that Hillary Clinton endured as she questioned whether to save her marriage after the Lewinsky saga meanwhile confounded her enemies as it stirred public empathy for her plight. But she also sparked a public debate over why she had chosen to stay with her husband amid claims by some critics that the marriage was simply a vehicle for her political ambition.

But Hillary Clinton supporter Maria Cardona dismissed the idea that the ghosts of the 1990s will stalk her campaign a two decades later.

""The Bill Clinton issue is already baked in. People know him,"" Cardona said on CNN.

""An attack on her because of what her husband did is going to backfire in an incredibly big way -- she is going to continue to be focused on issues.""",1
3658,"3 reasons Americans die sooner than people in other developed nations: guns, drugs, cars","Why are Americans expected to die sooner than their peers in other high-income countries?

A new study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association takes a look at the question. The results are, well, not too surprising — three of the big drivers for the year analyzed, 2012, were guns, drugs, and cars.

The study looked at these causes of injury deaths, which are the three biggest causes of injury death in the US and altogether account for more than 100,000 early deaths each year in America. It compared how common these deaths are in the US versus other high-income countries — the UK, Denmark, Sweden, Japan, and eight others — with 2012 data from the US National Vital Statistics System and the World Health Organization Mortality Database.

It found that, on average, men and women in the other high-income countries can expect to live about 2.2 years longer than men and women in the US — and guns, drugs, and cars played a prominent role.

Among men, gun deaths explained 21 percent of the gap, drug overdoses 14 percent, and car crashes 13 percent. And among women, gun deaths explained 4 percent, drug overdoses 9 percent, and car crashes 6 percent.

In total, the death rate for guns, drugs, and cars was much, much higher in the US than its developed peers, as this chart shows:

""Although the reasons for the gap in life expectancy at birth between the United States and comparable countries are complex,"" study authors Andrew Fenelon, Li-Hui Chen, and Susan Baker wrote, ""a substantial portion of this gap reflects just three causes of injury.""

So why do Americans die more from these causes? There are cultural factors, but bad policy plays a role too.

With guns, the research shows that America's unusually high levels of gun ownership lead to more gun violence. Other factors, such as socioeconomic issues, contribute to violence, but guns are the one issue that makes America unique relative to other developed countries in comparable socioeconomic circumstances. (To learn more about America's gun problem, read Vox's explainer.)

""A series of specific comparisons of the death rates from property crime and assault in New York City and London show how enormous differences in death risk can be explained even while general patterns are similar,"" UC Berkeley's Franklin Zimring and Gordon Hawkins wrote in a breakthrough analysis in 1999. ""A preference for crimes of personal force and the willingness and ability to use guns in robbery make similar levels of property crime 54 times as deadly in New York City as in London.""

Some research also shows tightening existing gun control measures in the US would help: Studies in both Connecticut and Missouri suggested that gun licensing laws in those states helped reduce homicides and suicides.

With drugs, America is now in the middle of a harrowing opioid and heroin epidemic that's killing tens of thousands of people each year. (For an in-depth dive on this topic, read Vox's explainer.)

Academic analyses of the crisis have concluded that the US was too slow to respond to misleading advertising campaigns from opioid producers, in which they claimed that their drugs were safe and effective. Americans have suffered the consequences, getting addicted to and dying from opioid painkillers and heroin as pharmaceutical companies have massively profited.

With cars, by the 1960s European policies began encouraging walking, cycling, and public transportation. The US, meanwhile, continued to encourage sprawl and driving. The result: Americans drive much more than their European peers, and are more likely to die in crashes as a result. (To learn more about US and European transportation policy, read Ralph Buehler's great explainer at the Atlantic's CityLab.)

Even perfect policies might not fix all of these problems — Americans, after all, love their guns, drugs, and cars, and that cultural preference will likely remain strong for some time. But better policies could push the US in the right direction — and save lives.",1
3520,"New ISIS video shows Paris attackers committing prior atrocities, threatening UK","A new video released by the ISIS terror group late Sunday shows nine of the extremists who carried out the Nov. 13 attacks in Paris beheading and shooting captives, as well as training with weapons while plotting the carnage that left 130 dead in the French capital.

The 17-minute video shows the extent of the planning that went into the multiple attacks in Paris, which French authorities have said from the beginning was planned in Syria. The video was provided online by the SITE Intelligence Group, which monitors jihadi websites.

The video does not contain any footage of the attacks themselves, but is assembled from material shot before the men left for Paris, as well as news and amateur videos. The video did not specify where the nine men were filmed, but it was believed to have been in ISIS-controlled territory in Syria.

The video also contains threats against the United Kingdom, showing images of London landmarks Tower Bridge and St. Paul's Cathedral and claiming extremists are ready to strike ""anytime, anywhere."" At one point, the image of British Prime Minister David Cameron is shown with a crosshair over his face.

A narrator describes the terrorists as ""nine lions of the caliphate who were mobilised from their lairs to make a whole country, France, get down on its knees.""

Seven of the attackers — four from Belgium and three from France — spoke fluent French. The two others — identified by their noms de guerre as Iraqis — spoke in Arabic.

Seven of the militants, including a 20-year-old who was the youngest of the group, were filmed standing behind bound captives, described as ""apostates,"" who were either beheaded or shot.

Among those who can be seen in the video are Bilal Hadfi, who blew himself up outside France's national stadium on that deadly Friday night.

""You destroy our homes and kill our fathers, our brothers, our sisters, our mothers, our children,"" Hadfi says in a message directed at the members of the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS.

""Soon on the Champs-Elysées,"" says Samy Amimour, who was raised in a Paris suburb near the French national stadium, as he holds a captive's head aloft.

One militant, Brahim Abdeslam, is seen at a makeshift shooting range. Abdeslam, whose brother Salah fled Paris that night and remains at large, blew himself up at a Paris cafe where he was the only victim. Salah Abdeslam is not seen in the video.

The Nov. 13 attacks targeted a packed concert hall, a restaurant and cafe, and a soccer match at the national stadium.



Immediately after the attacks, French President Francois Hollande imposed a nationwide state of emergency that is to remain in place until Feb. 26. Hollande has asked for an extension and reiterated that request Monday.



""No threat will give France pause in what it must do against terrorist. And if I have taken steps to extend the state of emergency, it is because I am aware of the threat and that we will not concede,"" Hollande said in response to the video.



French Foreign Ministry spokesman Romain Nadal said the government is studying the video but would not comment on its contents.

According to the anti-ISIS activist group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently, Brahim Abdeslam and two other attackers were trained in Raqqa, the extremist group's stronghold and the capital of its self-proclaimed caliphate.

In the video, as in other ISIS propaganda trying to drive a wedge between European Muslims and their governments, the men say it is a religious duty to join them. They threaten more attacks in Europe, and the footage closes with one of the militants holding a severed head and footage of Cameron giving a speech — with a text in English warning that whoever stands with the unbelievers ""will be a target for our swords.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4499,"Obama Looking For Justice Who Will 'Interpret' The Law, Not 'Make' It","Obama Looking For Justice Who Will 'Interpret' The Law, Not 'Make' It

The legal world has a new blogger: former constitutional law professor and current President Barack Obama.

The president took to SCOTUSblog, the leading online chronicle of the Supreme Court, on Wednesday to offer some ""spoiler-free insights"" into what he is seeking in a justice to replace the late Antonin Scalia.

Aside from ""mastery of the law,"" Obama said he wants to choose a nominee who understands ""a judge's job is to interpret the law, not make the law."" But in cases where the law's unclear, the president wrote, he will look for ""the kind of life experience learned outside the classroom and the courtroom; experience that suggests he or she views the law not only as an intellectual exercise, but also grasps the way it affects the daily reality of people's lives in a big, complicated democracy, and in rapidly changing times.""

And, about those times: Senate Republicans signaled this week they will take no action on whomever the White House nominates. All 11 GOP members of the Judiciary Committee signed a letter Tuesday saying they would not give their consent under the Constitution. The lawmakers said they did not intend to even meet with the nominee, let alone hold a public hearing on his or her qualifications.

On Wednesday, President Obama blasted the politics of the Senate, and said the American people would have the chance to judge his nominee — something of a public relations campaign.

""My hope an expectation is that once there is an actual nominee... that those on the judiciary committee recognize that their job is to give this person a hearing, to show the courtesy of meeting with them. They are then free to vote whatever their conscience dictates.""

""I'm going to do my job, I'm going to nominate someone,"" he continued, ""and let the American people decide as to whether that person is qualified.""

That means the court could operate without a full complement of nine members for a year or more, the equivalent of two terms of the Supreme Court. At least one current justice, Samuel Alito, commented on that, telling an audience at Georgetown Law school this week, ""We will deal with it.""

""There's nothing in the Constitution that specifies the size of the Supreme Court,"" Alito said. ""There were times in the history of the court when the court had an even number of justices. They must have been more agreeable in those days.""",1
5231,Penny Nance: Trump vs. Miss Universe -- I can’t get to victim when I think of Alicia Machado,"At Monday’s presidential debate Hillary Clinton’s asserted that Alicia Machado, a former Miss Universe, was victimized about her weight by Donald Trump. Her remarks have, perhaps rightfully, given some women pause.  So let’s reflect a moment and add some context to this allegation.  Here’s where I’ve come down.

Like many young girls of my era, I grew up watching the Miss America Pageant.  My friends and I would get together, root for the young woman from our state, or pick another favorite if she didn’t make the top ten.

We held our breath as some of them struggled to answer the interview question and discussed our own answers regarding world peace.  We clapped for the pianist and giggled at the fiery baton twirler.  It was reality TV before reality TV.  And who knew that years later I would be friends with some of those same young women as they went on to have laudable careers in law and broadcasting. The women I know were then, and remain today, smart and gifted women of noble character.

Fast forward to today, and somewhere along the way pageants fell out of favor.  Perhaps it was second wave feminism of the 60s and 70s, or perhaps we just got bored with them.  Regardless, in 2004, the ABC television network dropped the show’s coverage due to record low ratings, but CMT picked it up, and there remains a smaller following.  Most of us were done with Miss America.  However, her more racy sisters, Miss USA and co-owned Miss Universe were, by this time, split off and vying for our attention.

Unlike Miss America, these pageants make no pretense of being anything more than a “beauty” pageant.  They have no talent competition and award no scholarships.

In fact, according to Bustle.com, the entire reason for the split was because Miss America 1951 Yolande Belbeze refused to be photographed for a newspaper wearing a swimsuit.  One of the show’s sponsors, Catalina swimwear, retaliated by creating its own show and, thus, we have Miss USA and Miss Universe.

Of course, there are some smart, talented women who have chosen to participate in the Miss USA and Miss Universe pageants, but let’s be honest, it’s not why they win.

The women who participate voluntarily don a bikini and walk in front of judges to be, well, judged.

The participants are competing for a job based on their bodies and good looks.

Their worth is based almost solely upon those things and, for one year, they are to represent the company with the asset of conventional beauty.  Not brains, not talent, just beauty.  Quite literally, their bodies are their money makers.

Here’s a little known fact, even the U.S government recognizes this arrangement.  I am told by friends who have modeled that they are able to write off of their taxes anything they do to keep their assets looking good. All the things women spend money on — hair, makeup, gym memberships, and even Botox — is a write off.  Even Uncle Sam gets the joke. Their bodies are their small businesses I suppose.

So here’s the deal. Logically, I can’t get to victim when I think of Alicia Machado.  Name calling is never nice, and — shocker! — Donald Trump isn’t diplomatic in giving criticism.

Here’s the irony.  Regardless of how much Hillary Clinton wants Ms. Machado to be the poster child for misused women, she doesn’t fit the narrative.  Let’s be honest, a woman who voluntarily puts on a bikini and literally asks people to judge her based almost solely on her body can’t be mad when they do.

Ms. Machado was being paid to look perfect, and when she couldn’t -- or wouldn’t -- live up to the standard she had asked to be measured by, she caught criticism.

Maybe she’s also smart and kind.  Who knows? But that was not why she was chosen to serve as Miss Universe for one year.

At this point in my life, I feel conflicted about pageants.  Women I love have done them and will do them.  CWA’s Young Women for America boasts more than one pageant winner.

As logical women, however, we can’t pretend that Alicia Machado was misused.  There are millions of women across this nation who are objectified, abused victims of sexism and misogyny.  Let’s work to protect them, instead of inventing new ones.

Penny Young Nance is president and CEO of Concerned Women for America, the nation’s largest women’s public policy organization. She is the author of the forthcoming book ""Feisty and Feminine: A Rallying Cry for Conservative Women"" (Zondervan 2016).",1
153,Congress moves closer to preventing a shutdown,"Congress appears to be on the glide path to passing legislation to avert a government shutdown later this week as conservatives eager for a funding fight have now set December as the best time to confront President Obama on spending levels and abortion policies.

A stop-gap spending bill that would fund the government at current levels through Dec. 11 cleared a key procedural hurdle in the Senate Monday on a 77 to 19 vote — and the upper chamber is expected to pass the measure as soon as Tuesday.

If all goes according to the plan hatched by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnnell (R-Ky.) and Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio), the House could clear the stop-gap funding bill on Wednesday, averting a shutdown with hours to spare before the Oct. 1 deadline.

The only potential speed bump standing in the way of quick consideration of the bill in the Senate was Sen. Ted Cruz, but Senate leaders took procedural steps to limit the Texas Republican’s options.

Cruz railed against Planned Parenthood and the Iran deal on the Senate floor following the vote Monday, saying he believes the “votes are cooked” in Congress. He said a spending bill without any policy restrictions is “essentially a blank check” to Obama.

“That’s not very clean to me – it actually sounds like a very dirty funding bill,” Cruz said.

He and other conservatives for weeks have been calling on GOP leaders to confront Obama over abortion policies by using the spending bill needed to avert a shutdown this week to cut off funding for Planned Parenthood.

But they are now focusing their attention on December.

This turnabout occurred following House Speaker John Boehner’s (R-Ohio) announcement on Friday that he will resign at the end of October rather than continue to battle with the most conservative members over how aggressively to confront Obama over issues such as spending, abortion and the Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare.

Conservatives now view December as the better time to challenge the president because there will be a new House GOP leadership team in place that they will pressure to take a tougher approach.

Republican leaders are moving ahead with a separate strategy for confronting Obama over Planned Parenthood and Obamacare by using the fast-track budget reconciliation process, under which bills can not be filibustered in the Senate. This would allow Republicans to pick a veto fight with the president.

Three House committees on Monday announced plans to begin the process of attempting to repeal parts of the president’s health care law and defund Planned Parenthood through the reconciliation process.

The House Ways and Means, Energy and Commerce and Education and the Workforce Committees will markup bills this week to start the reconciliation process. Once those bills pass the House, the Senate is expected consider them as well.

It is not clear that the reconciliation strategy will satisfy Cruz and other conservatives and cause them to abandon their argument that a government spending bill is the best way to challenge the president.

“This fight certainly isn’t over. We’ve got to remember that this is a short-term funding, a sort of patch, so we’ll likely be back here in December,” the Cruz ally said. “December will be a similar fight. It’s a new bite at the apple.”

Many GOP senators and moderate Republicans in the House are wary of conservatives attempts to force a government shutdown over Planned Parenthood or other differences with Obama. They worry Republicans will be blamed for a shutdown, hurting the part in advance of the 2016 elections.

For instance, Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.) wrote to Cruz earlier this month asking him to detail his political strategy for defunding Planned Parenthood.

Ayotte wrote that she voted for a bill to redirect funds from Planned Parenthood to other women’s health providers but that legislation didn’t have enough votes pass, let alone enough votes to reverse a veto from Obama. She asked him to explain how he planned to overcome those hurdles.

“During the last government shutdown, I repeatedly asked you what your strategy for success was when we did not have the votes to achieve the goal of defunding Obamacare, but I did not receive an answer,” she wrote. “I am again asking this question and would appreciate you sharing your strategy for success with all of us before any damaging government shutdown becomes imminent.”

Similar tensions could arise again in December if threats of a shutdown fight resurface.",1
2484,"HHS announces small extension for ObamaCare sign-up, bigger delay next year","The Obama administration on Friday offered an extension of the current ObamaCare enrollment period -- though not exactly what Republicans were seeking.

Federal health officials announced Friday afternoon that they'd give people another eight days this year to enroll in an insurance policy and still get covered by Jan. 1. Previously, people had to enroll by Dec. 15 to avoid any break in coverage and have insurance at the start of 2014. The administration, amid lingering problems with the main ObamaCare website, is now pushing that deadline to Dec. 23.

The move comes after the administration announced a more significant delay to the start of next year's ObamaCare enrollment period. That decision was pitched as a way to give consumers and insurance companies more time to study their options, but also conveniently pushes the second round of enrollment past the 2014 midterm elections.

With the administration still offering only modest relief for the current enrollment period, Republicans questioned why the administration was focusing on the second round of enrollment, a year away.

""Another day, another delay, which begs the question, does the president think enrollment will be just as bad next year?"" House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Fred Upton, R-Mich., said in a statement. ""It's stunning to see the president so willing to delay next year's open enrollment period rather than focus on the ongoing chaos and uncertainty that is plaguing implementation today.""

White House Press Secretary Jay Carney and a Department of Health and Human Services official confirmed the change to the 2014 sign-up on Friday. That decision does not affect those trying to enroll this year. Rather, it affects those who will sign up late next year for 2015 coverage.

The administration will allow consumers to start signing up on Nov. 15, 2014, as opposed to Oct. 15. Enrollment will last until Jan. 15, 2015, instead of Dec. 7.

An HHS official told Fox News the move will give insurers ""the benefit of more time to evaluate their experiences during the 2014 plan year"" and let them take into account late-filing customers when setting their 2015 rates.

The official added: ""This change is good news for consumers, who will have more time to learn about plans before enrolling and an open enrollment period that's a week longer.""

The administration so far has rebuffed calls to delay or extend the current enrollment period beyond March 31, 2014, even as HHS scrambles to repair the flawed HealthCare.gov site and some states struggle with their own exchanges.

But by pushing off next year's enrollment period, the administration conveniently pushes off the possibility of any ObamaCare hiccups until after the midterm elections. Some of the biggest critics of the current rollout have been Democrats up for reelection next year.

Obama recently tried to address some of their concerns by allowing states and insurance companies to re-offer cancelled insurance policies -- a trend which has become a major headache for the administration. Many states, though, are refusing to make any changes to the way they handle those plans.

HHS argued that the delay next year will give consumers more time to educate themselves about the plans, though it would not affect coverage this year.",1
3166,Trump says he's not worried by opposition to him within GOP,"Donald Trump is shrugging off the refusal of some Republican leaders to endorse him, saying most of the party will back his nomination and new voters will compensate for the rest.

""Look, I'm going to get millions and millions of votes more than the Republicans would have gotten,"" Trump said an interview broadcast Sunday on NBC's Meet the Press.

Trump was addressing questions raised by House Speaker Paul Ryan, who is scheduled to meet with the presumptive presidential nominee on Thursday.

In an interview on ABC's This Week, Trump said he is a ""very different"" kind of candidate, and party unity may not be as big a factor because of new Republicans.

""I think it would be better if it were unified,"" Trump said, adding that ""I don't think it actually has to be unified"" in the more traditional sense.

""It's not called the Conservative Party,"" he told ABC. ""This is called the Republican Party.""

Ryan has said he is not yet ready to endorse Trump because of doubts about his conservatism, while other party members have flatly come out against the nominee-in-waiting. That group includes 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney as well as former 2016 GOP hopefuls Jeb Bush and Lindsey Graham. They cited issues ranging from Trump's abrasive language to his comments about women and Hispanics.

Trump lacks the ""temperament or strength of character"" to be president, Bush wrote in a Facebook post on Friday. The former Florida governor added that ""he has not displayed a respect for the Constitution. And, he is not a consistent conservative.""

Bush's brother and father, the two former presidents, have announced they would not attend the July convention that crowns Trump and had no plans to endorse, while Romney has denounced the New York businessman as a ""phony"" and a ""fraud.""

Graham, the South Carolina senator who like Bush lost to Trump in the Republican nomination fight, told CNN: ""Good luck with Paul Ryan trying to find a conservative agenda with this guy.""

In his NBC interview, Trump said Romney is ""ungrateful"" for his support in 2012, and that the former Massachusetts governor ""choked"" on his chance to beat President Obama. Trump said that Bush and Graham are angry that he beat them during the nomination fight, and he noted that both once backed a pledge to support the nominee.

""Now they're breaking,"" Trump said. ""You know, that's a question of honor.”

The presumptive Republican nominee said he was ""blindsided"" by Ryan's reluctance to endorse, saying he thought he had a good relationship with the House speaker.

Ryan told CNN he wants to back the nominee, but ""I'm not there right now.""

Democrats are enjoying all the GOP in-fighting — particularly likely presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, who is targeting anti-Trump Republicans for the fall general election.

""Obviously I'm reaching out to Democrats, Republicans, Independents — all voters who want a candidate who is running a campaign based on issues,"" Clinton told CBS' Face the Nation.

Trump, saying he will beat ""Crooked Hillary"" easily in the fall, says most Republicans will wind up backing his candidacy.

""You know, the party's come together,"" Trump told NBC's Meet the Press. ""I have tremendous numbers of endorsements. I'm never going to get Romney's endorsement. He choked. He blew the last election.""",1
1736,Rand Paul's all-too-familiar campaign,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
3335,Hillary Clinton's shrinking email defense,"The report also discloses new details relevant to Clinton's motives and her assertion that the use of a private server was simply a matter of convenience. While criminal charges still remain highly unlikely, the inspector general's report is significant and unquestionably damaging to Clinton's public defense.

Most crucially, the inspector general directly contradicts Clinton's repeated assertions that she complied both with federal law and State Department policies. ""At a minimum,"" the report finds, ""Secretary Clinton should have surrendered all emails dealing with Department business before leaving government service and, because she did not do so, she did not comply with Department's policies that were implemented in accordance with the Federal Records Act.""

The report goes further, noting that while Clinton's subsequent production of 55,000 pages of emails in response to State Department demands partially corrected these violations, the records Clinton turned over were incomplete. Remarkably, the report includes reference to a previously unreleased 2010 email in which Clinton, responding to her deputy chief of staff for operations, Huma Abedin, directly addresses her lack of an official State Department email account and voices a fear of the ""risk of the personal being accessible"" if she had one. In a briefing, State Department officials were unable to confirm the source of this email, but if it was omitted from the records Clinton produced, it again would raise questions about the process she used to distinguish between ""federal records"" and ""personal records"" before destroying the latter.

The inspector general also reveals the comments of State Department records management staff in late 2010 expressly raising concerns that Clinton's private email server ""could contain federal records that needed to be preserved in order to satisfy federal record-keeping requirements."" A senior official rebuffed these concerns, claiming that Clinton's email arrangement ""had been approved by the department legal staff"" -- an assertion the inspector general concluded was untrue -- and directed staff ""never to speak of the secretary's personal email system again.""

Such facts undermine the argument that the significance of maintaining a private server and the negative effects it could have, including on responses to Freedom of Information Act requests or congressional subpoenas, were simply overlooked. Clinton's response to the report is further complicated by the fact that the State Department did not contest the inspector general's findings, concurred with its recommendations, and even acknowledges in its response that ""the department could have done better at preserving emails."" All of this would serve to undermine assertions by Clinton that the inspector general's conclusions are biased or politically motivated. Indeed, thus far Clinton's response has focused on the argument that other secretaries of state also used private email. ""Well there may be reports that come out,"" Clinton commented, ""but nothing has changed. It's the same story. Just like previous secretaries of state I used a personal email, many people did. It was not at all unprecedented."" And, it is true that the inspector general does not spare former Secretary Colin Powell from similar allegations, documenting his use of private email and his admitted failure to preserve those emails. In a nasty campaign, can politicians play nice? (Opinion) Yet this arguably only furthers the perception that the inspector general's review was both balanced and non-biased. And Clinton's response highlights how her defense -- which began with confident assertions that she followed all the rules and broke no laws -- has now been reduced to the argument that ""others did it too"" or that the rules she violated were not significant. Despite the inspector general's report, criminal charges against Clinton remain highly unlikely. While the report provides previously nonpublic information relevant to Clinton's motivations, the available public evidence remains insufficient to illustrate two facts needed for a criminal charge -- that she knew that emails on her private server were classified and that she intentionally mishandled classified information. Who in the world really wants Donald Trump to win? Yet the inspector general's report also highlights the uncertainty that surrounds the precise scope of the current FBI investigation. To the extent the FBI has limited its inquiry to security issues and the possible mishandling of classified information, for example, the inspector general's report finding violations of the federal records laws potentially implicates a different criminal statute. Removing, concealing, or destroying federal records, regardless of whether they are classified, can constitute a federal felony. But again, courts have generally required prosecutors pursuing this charge to prove that defendants knew they were violating the law, for which the evidence against Clinton appears to be lacking. In the end, extracting the truth in the Clinton email controversy in the current polarized political environment remains a nearly impossible task. Some have already begun to seize upon the inspector general's report, mischaracterizing it as clear evidence of a crime. And when the Department of Justice announces that it is not filing criminal charges -- as is both expected and perhaps inevitable -- Clinton will likely argue that it constitutes proof that she did nothing wrong. Based on the publicly available evidence, the reality appears to be nuanced in a way that is satisfying to neither side. Clinton violated the law, but committed no crime.",1
3976,"Dozens dead, including one American, as hostage situation in Mali hotel ends","The deadly hostage situation at a luxury hotel in Mali's capital city ended Friday, with a U.N. report indicating dozens of bodies were littered across multiple floors of the building. One of those killed was an American, according to the State Department.

The siege ""has concluded,"" State Department spokesman John Kirby announced Friday. He said about a dozen Americans were rescued uninjured from the Radisson in Bamako, but a State Department official later said one American had been killed. That person was not immediately identified.

Some of the freed Americans were U.S. embassy personnel, Kirby said.

Some attackers may have remained inside the hotel. A Mali security ministry spokesman told Reuters they ""dug in"" on upper floors of the building.

""They are alone with the Malian special forces who are trying to dislodge them,"" spokesman Amadou Sangho said. Al Qaeda-linked jihadists claimed responsibility for the siege.

A U.N. official told The Associated Press that initial reports from the field indicate 27 people were killed in the attack. The official, speaking on condition of anonymity because the operation is still ongoing, said 12 bodies were found in the basement and 15 bodies were found on the second floor.

Another U.N. official, Mali mission spokesman Olivier Salgado, said two extremists have been killed and that forces were going from room to room, checking for more casualties.

At least one guest reported the attackers instructed him to recite verses from the Koran before he was allowed to leave the hotel, Malian army commander Modibo Nama Traore told The Associated Press.

At least five U.S. Defense Department personnel were among the Americans freed, according to a senior U.S. defense official, who told Fox News the 22 Defense Department and military personnel in Bamako at the time of the incident ""have all been accounted for.""

Traore said Malian special forces entered the hotel and freed hostages ""floor by floor."" Hours after the attacks began, local TV images showed heavily armed troops in what appeared to be a lobby area. Some U.S. military personnel in Bamako assisted in the rescue efforts, a defense official told Fox News.

Traore said 10 gunmen stormed the hotel Friday morning shouting ""Allahu Akbar,"" or ""God is great,"" in Arabic before firing on the guards. A staffer at the hotel who gave his name as Tamba Diarra said over the phone that the attackers used grenades in the assault.

Al-Mourabitoun, a militant group based in northern Mali, said on Twitter that it was behind the attack, but the claim could not immediately be verified. The group is led by notorious one-eyed jihadist Mokhtar Belmokhtar, who gained recognition in 2013 for an attack on an Algerian gas plant that left 40 people dead, including three Americans.

A handful of jihadi groups, some linked to Al Qaeda, seized the northern half of Mali -- a former French colony -- in 2012 and were ousted from cities and towns by a French military intervention.

The Brussels-based Rezidor Hotel group that operates the hotel said the assailants had initially ""locked in"" 140 guests and 30 employees.

The White House said President Obama was briefed about the attack by his national security adviser, Susan Rice. The U.S. Embassy in Mali told citizens to shelter in place amid reports of an ""ongoing active shooter operation.""

In August, the embassy had issued a message warning Americans of a ""heightened security risk to westerners in southern Mali, including the area outside Bamako city.""

The hotel raid Friday unfolded one week after the attacks on Paris that killed 130 people.

One witness, a Guinean singer, told Reuters that he heard the attackers speaking English. ""I heard them say in English ,'Did you load it?', 'Let's go',"" Sékouba Bambino Diabaté told the news agency after he was freed.

French President Francois Hollande said France was ready to help Mali with all means necessary in the wake of the attack and urged French citizens in Mali to make contact with the French Embassy there ""in order that everything is made to offer them protection.""

A top official at the French presidency told The Associated Press that French citizens were in the hotel but could not give more. The official spoke anonymously in line with presidency policy.

In Belgium, Foreign Minister Didier Reynders said there were four Belgians registered at the attacked hotel but it's unclear if they were taken hostage by the gunmen or not.

Five Turkish Airlines personnel were among the freed hostages, Turkey's state-run news agency said.

The website of the official China Daily newspaper also cited an unidentified witness as saying one Chinese citizen had been rescued.

Mali's President Ibrahim Boubacar Keita has cut short its trip to Chad where he was attending a meeting of G5 Sahel.

The Mali presidency said on Twitter that Keita will be back to Bamako ""in the next hours.""

Meanwhile, France's national gendarme service says about 50 elite police troops were en route from Paris to Bamako.

A spokesman for the service who was not authorized to be publicly named said they are heading Friday from two different units of special police forces trained for emergency situations.

Even after the French-led military intervention in early 2013 that drove extremists from northern towns and cities in Mali, the northern part of the country remains insecure and militant attacks have extended farther south this year, including the capital. In March, masked gunmen shot up a restaurant in Bamako that is popular with foreigners, killing five people.

About 1,000 French troops remain in the country. The Netherlands also has troops working with the UN mission in Mali. According to the Dutch defense ministry, some 450 Dutch military personnel are taking part in the mission along with four Apache and three Chinook helicopters. Most of the Dutch force is based in Gao, but there are a few officers at the U.N. mission headquarters in Bamako.

Fox News' Greg Palkot, Jennifer Griffin, Lucas Tomlinson, Michelle Macaluso and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4530,Suspect who worked for wealthy DC family arrested for their deaths,"Daron Dylon Wint was arrested Thursday by a fugitive task force and is charged with first-degree murder of a wealthy DC family and their housekeeper.. Wint is expected to appear in DC Superior Court on Friday afternoon.

About a week after the bodies of a wealthy D.C. family and their housekeeper were discovered after a fire in their mansion, an ex-convict who once worked for the businessman and is suspected in the killings has been arrested.

Daron Dylon Wint, 34, was arrested about 11 p.m. Thursday by a fugitive task force and is charged with first-degree murder while armed, D.C. police and the U.S. Marshals Service said. He is expected to appear in D.C. Superior Court on Friday afternoon.

Police have not detailed why Wint — who moved to the U.S. from Guyana in 2000, joined the Marines and later worked as a certified welder before racking up a criminal record — would want to kill 46-year-old Savvas Savopoulos; his 47-year-old wife, Amy; their son, Philip; and housekeeper Veralicia Figueroa. Three of the four victims had been stabbed or bludgeoned before the fire.

Wint showed little emotion when he was captured, Robert Fernandez, commander of the U.S. Marshal Service's Capital Area Regional Fugitive Task Force told The Associated Press on Friday.

""He was stoic,"" Fernandez said.

Investigators had tracked Wint to the Brooklyn area of New York City, where they barely missed him Wednesday night, Fernandez said.

""We believe he saw himself on the news and just took off,"" Fernandez said. Investigators then tracked Wint to a Howard Johnson Express Inn in College Park, Maryland, on Thursday night, he said.

A team realized Wint was probably in one of two vehicles in the motel parking lot: a car or a moving truck. The vehicles left together and the team followed as they took a U-turn and a strange route — seeming to be lost or trying to shake those who followed, Fernandez said.

Officers eventually got between the two vehicles in northeast Washington and took Wint, three other men and two women into custody, Fernandez said

""We had overwhelming numbers and force,"" Fernandez said. ""They completely submitted immediately.""

Fernandez said he noticed a big wad of cash in the moving truck, but he didn't know how much was there. It was not clear whether that money might have been connected to the Savopoulos family. Fernandez said he did not know whether any weapons were found as the group was taken into custody.

Police said Thursday that they haven't ruled out the possibility that other people were involved in the slayings, but no other suspects have been identified.

Wint had worked for Savopoulos' company, American Iron Works, in the past, police said. Savopoulos was the CEO of American Iron Works, a construction-materials supplier based in Hyattsville, Maryland, that has been involved in major projects in downtown Washington.

The Savopouloses lived in a $4.5 million home in Woodley Park, where mansions are protected by fences and security systems and local and federal law enforcement officers are a constant presence, in part because Vice President Joe Biden's official residence is nearby.

Text messages and voicemails from the Savopouloses to their confused and frightened household staff suggest something was amiss hours before the bodies were found. Their Porsche turned up in suburban Maryland hours after the slayings. It too had been set on fire.

DNA analysis at a Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms lab linked Wint to the crime, a law enforcement official involved in the investigation told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity for lack of authorization to discuss the investigation publicly.

During the family's final hours, someone called Domino's from their house and ordered pizza. The Washington Post reported that the DNA was found on a pizza crust. At a Domino's about 2 miles away, a worker told the AP that a pizza was delivered from there to the mansion that day.

Wint was convicted of assaulting one girlfriend in Maryland in 2009, and he pleaded guilty the next year to malicious destruction of property after he allegedly threatened to kill a woman and her infant daughter, breaking into her apartment, stealing a television and vandalizing her car.

""I'm going to come over there and kill you, your daughter and friends,"" Wint told that woman, according to the records. ""The defendant advised he was good with a knife and could kill them easily and was not afraid of the police,"" a detective wrote.

Also in 2010, Wint was arrested carrying a 2-foot-long machete and a BB pistol outside the American Iron Works headquarters, but weapons charges were dropped after he pleaded guilty to possessing an open container of alcohol.

Attorney Robin Ficker said Wint didn't seem violent when he defended him in earlier cases.

""My impression of him — I remember him rather well — is that he wouldn't hurt a fly. He's a very nice person,"" Ficker said.

A housekeeper who worked for the Savopoulos family for 20 years, Nelitza Gutierrez, told the AP that she believes the family and Figueroa were held captive for nearly a day before they were killed, citing an unusual voice mail from Savopoulos and a text message sent from the phone of his wife, telling her not to come to the house.

Gutierrez said she and Savopoulos spent May 13 cleaning up a martial arts studio he was opening in northern Virginia before his wife called around 5:30 p.m. She could hear his half of the conversation. He later said his wife told him to come home to watch their son because she was going out, Gutierrez said.

Later that night, sounding flustered, he left Gutierrez a voice mail saying Figueroa would stay with his sick wife overnight, that she shouldn't come the next day, and that Figueroa's phone was dead.

""It doesn't make any sense. How come you don't have another phone — iPhones are all over,"" Gutierrez said. ""He was kind of building stories.""

The next morning, Gutierrez received a text message from Amy Savopoulos that read, in part, ""I am making sure you are not coming today."" She called and texted back and got no response.

The Savopouloses had two teenage daughters who were away at boarding school at the time of the killings. Relatives of the victims have made few public statements and have not returned calls from the AP. Representatives of American Iron Works have repeatedly declined to comment.

Associated Press photographer Alex Brandon in Washington and AP freelancer Meredith Somers in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, contributed to this report.",1
210,House Votes to Upgrade International Religious Freedom Law,"Congress is upgrading the role religious freedom plays in U.S. foreign policy.

On Monday, House lawmakers unanimously approved the Frank Wolf Religious Freedom Act. The bill updates a 1998 law sponsored by the former Virginia congressman.

""Nearly 20 years ago, led by U.S. Congressman Frank R. Wolf, the Congress had the foresight to make advancing the right to religious freedom a high U.S. foreign policy priority,"" Rep. Chris Smith, R-N.J., the bill's author, said.

""Today religious freedom is still under attack and we must upgrade our programs and methods to meet the challenges of the 21st century,"" he added.

The original law established a framework to investigate religious freedom abuses, name the world's worst violators and suggest courses of action.

The new bill will target radical jihadist groups like Nigeria's Boko Haram and the Islamic State.

""The world is experiencing an unprecedented crisis of international religious freedom,"" Smith said, ""a crisis that continues to create millions of victims, a crisis that undermines liberty, prosperity and peace; a crisis that poses a direct challenge to the U.S. interests in the Middle East, Russia, China and sub-Saharan Africa and elsewhere.""

The legislation now moves on to the Senate.",1
2561,Cruz's immigration gambit,"During the campaign, Trump had threatened to impose a large tariff to keep the jobs in the United States.",1
453,"U.S. Economy Added A Robust 292,000 Jobs In December","The U.S. economy added 292,000 jobs in December while unemployment held steady at 5 percent, according to the latest figures from the Bureau of Labor Statistics.

The number of new jobs was higher than many economists had anticipated; NPR's John Ydstie says experts had expected about 200,000 new jobs.

In November, the BLS initially said the economy added 211,000 jobs — a ""healthy pace,"" as NPR's Marilyn Geewax put it.

That number has now been revised upward, to 252,000. The job gains for October have also been revised up, from 298,000 to 307,000.

With the revised numbers, the past three months have seen an average of 284,000 new jobs each month. The unemployment rate has held at 5 percent all three months.

Professional and business services, the restaurant industry, health care and construction showed some of the strongest job growth in December, the Bureau says, while mining jobs declined and manufacturing jobs stayed stagnant.

The labor participation rate was little changed in December, and average wages fell by a penny.

Over the year as a whole, average wages rose 2.5 percent, the BLS says — the fastest rise since 2008. But a healthy growth rate for wages would be ""in the 3-4 percent range,"" writes The Wall Street Journal.

All told, employers created 2.65 million new jobs last year — not as strong as 2014's 3.2 million total jobs, but enough to make 2015 the second-best year for U.S. job growth since 1999, The Associated Press reports.

The news comes during a week of turmoil in the international stock markets. Chinese stocks plunged this week, while the S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial average had their worst-ever start to a year.

Last month, the Federal Reserve raised interest rates in the U.S. by 0.25 percentage point, signaling confidence in the American economy. It was the first change in the interest rate since 2008, and the first increase since 2006.",1
2410,Here's How Many People In Each State May Not Be Able To Afford Insurance If The Supreme Court Rules Against Obamacare,"The Supreme Court is expected to issue a decision in a major new lawsuit against Obamacare this June, and the health coverage for millions hangs in the balance.

This challenge to the Affordable Care Act, called King v. Burwell, came from longtime Obamacare opponents who claim that, because of a key phrase in the law, the federal government may provide tax credit subsidies only in states that operate their own health insurance exchanges. Thirty-four states declined to establish these marketplaces, and instead left that responsibility in the hands of the federal government.

If the Supreme Court rules for the plaintiffs in this case, it would eliminate health insurance subsidies for 7.5 million low- and moderate-income people in those states, causing most of them to become uninsured when their premiums become unaffordable without financial assistance.

Here's how the numbers break down in each state with a federally operated health insurance exchange. 

 

 Infographic by Alissa Scheller for The Huffington Post. Jonathan Cohn and Jesse Rifkin contributed reporting.

UPDATE: June 4 -- The numbers displayed on this map are derived from a report that counted health insurance exchange enrollment as of Feb. 22, which the Department of Health and Human Services published on March 10. The department released new data on June 2, detailing enrollment as of March 31. According to the new report, 7.3 million people were covered by plans purchased via the federally operated health insurance exchanges in the 34 states subject to the Supreme Court ruling, and 6.4 million of them received subsidies. The new report includes additional information about each state, but does not update the calculation of average unsubsidized premiums.",1
4487,"Quality care for vets more important than wait times, says VA secretary","Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald says wait times aren't the best measure of whether care at VA hospitals is improving. Satisfaction matters more.

“From crisis comes opportunity,” says Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald. “The deeper the crisis, the bigger the changes that can be made.”

Secretary McDonald has had the opportunity to test that theory. A West Point graduate and former chairman and CEO of Procter and Gamble, McDonald was nominated by President Obama to run the VA in wake of a 2014 scandal at its Phoenix hospital. Critics charged that as many as 40 patients died as a result of waiting for treatment in Phoenix and that some VA employees there falsified records on how long patients actually waited.

At a Monitor-hosted breakfast with reporters in the lead up to Memorial Day, the secretary was questioned about why the VA does not publicly report when veterans first ask for an appointment, known as the “create date.” The information can be used to calculate how long vets had to wait for an appointment.

“The days to an appointment is really not what we should be measuring. What we should be measuring is the veteran’s satisfaction,” McDonald said. “What really counts is how does the veteran feel about their encounter with the VA? When you go to Disney, do they measure the number of hours you wait in line? What is important is, what is your satisfaction with the experience.”

The secretary added, “what I would like to move to actually is that kind of measure. We are in the process of creating that kind of measure, validating that kind of measure.”

The reference to Disney theme parks prompted House Speaker Paul Ryan (R) of Wisconsin to respond to McDonald’s breakfast comments with a tweet: “This is not make-believe, Mr. Secretary. Veterans have died waiting in those lines.”

Secretary McDonald was also asked about a recent column in Roll Call newspaper, suggesting that Hillary Clinton should consider him as her running mate. Columnist Jonathan Allen argued that McDonald “trumps [Donald] Trump’s business-world experience” and “took on the thankless task of reshaping the broken bureaucracy of the VA….”

McDonald responded, “The way I look at all these things is just as I looked at when the White House contacted me about this job. I went to West Point. My life’s mission has been to help improve the lives of others and if I am asked to serve I certainly will consider it.”

With the Obama administration coming to end in January 2017, McDonald is trying to deliver on what he calls 12 “breakthrough priorities” before the end of this year, including improving the experience veterans have dealing with the VA, increasing access to health care, developing a simplified appeals process, and reducing veterans homelessness.

The secretary cited gains in a variety of areas. In the past 12 months, the VA completed 1.6 million more appointments than in the previous year. Average wait times are now five days for primary care, six days for specialty care, and three days for mental health care, he said.

But McDonald admits that those average wait times are not the experience for vets in all of its facilities. “There are tails at the end of that distribution and some of those tails are what we are trying to deal with.” For example, he said, veterans have been part of the general movement of the population to the South, and the VA needs to build facilities there.

He added that “we know we have an issue getting people in. We know that and we are working hard on it.”

The VA is a massive management challenge.  It runs the largest integrated health care system in the US. It operates 1,200 health care facilities, has 350,000 employees, including 25,000 physicians who serve nine million patients. If it were a business weighed in the Fortune 500 rankings, McDonald said, it would rank sixth.

When asked what issues would confront his successor, McDonald noted that, “one of the things we have committed to here is same-day resolution of a medical issue for any veteran…. It may not solve the issue, but we will get them the help they need that same day. We already do that at about 25 percent of our facilities.”

A second issue his successor will face is the need to “get the appeals backlog down,” McDonald said. There currently are 440,000 appeals of VA benefits decisions pending. “In order to get that backlog down, there is only one thing we can do and that is pass legislation that changes the 80 year-old law that governs appeals,” he said. The law currently allows vets to file unlimited amendments to their claims.",1
4716,Pence: I Don't Understand 'The Basis' of Michelle Obama's Claims,"GOP vice presidential candidate Mike Pence said Friday he has a ""lot of respect"" for First Lady Michelle Obama, but he doesn't understand ""the basis of her claim"" in a her speech Thursday condemning Donald Trump for using what she called sexually predatory language in a conversation caught on a hot-mic in 2005.

""I have a lot of respect for the first lady and the job she has done for the American people over the last seven-and-a-half years,"" the Indiana governor told the ""CBS This Morning"" host Charlie Rose, continuing that he does not believe the language described sexually predatory actions.

""I already spoke about my concerns about the language he used in that 11-year-old video,"" said Pence. ""But what he has made clear is that was talk, regrettable talk on his part. But that there were no actions.""

Further, Trump has ""categorically denied these last unsubstantiated allegations"" that were made this week from at least five women who claimed Trump groped and kissed them against their will in years past.

""Frankly, I think before the day is out the allegations will be questioned,"" said Pence. ""The same reporters who wrote a similar story six months ago for The New York Times have written this story and that story was completely discredited.""

Pence told Fox News' ""Fox & Friends"" the Trump campaign is working to bring out evidence that will disprove the allegations being made about him, and said during an interview with NBC's ""Today"" show that evidence ""is coming in, frankly, a matter of hours.""

He told ""Today"" show hosts Matt Lauer and Savannah Guthrie that Melania Trump has already contacted People Magazine for a retraction of its story about Trump, but Lauer commented that was different than showing evidence.

""Just say tuned,"" Pence told the ""Today"" show. ""There is more information coming forward. But Donald Trump has made very clear that he's categorically denied these allegations. Yet, he can't be more definitive than that.

""And the difficulty is that at this point in a campaign, it is astonishing to see, with all due respect, the enormous coverage of these really unfounded allegations, unestablished allegations, compared to an avalanche of emails coming out of Hillary Clinton's years as secretary of state.""

Pence said he agrees that allegations such as those being made against Trump ""should always"" be taken ""seriously and respectfully, but in the case of Bill Clinton, he actually admitted to being involved with a 23-year-old intern at the White House named Monica Lewinsky when he was president. Bill Clinton actually paid a settlement of over $800,000 to one of those women [Paula Jones].""

""The remarkable thing, as the media goes chasing after unsubstantiated allegations, coming from a newspaper that six months ago, did a massive similar story that was utterly discredited by the same reporters,"" Pence told Fox News.

""It's remarkable to me they continue to literally ignore the hard evidence that's flowing out of Hillary Clinton's years as secretary of state and the Clinton Foundation, whether it's a speech supporting socialized medicine in Canada, a paid speech supporting open borders in Brazil.""

He said the ""most concerning"" to him was the news that Clinton's aides, while she was secretary of state, were ""directing contracts for the rebuilding of Haiti, after the earthquake, to friends of the Clintons. I mean, this is exactly the kind of pay-to-play politics the American people are tired of. It's going to end when Donald Trump becomes president of the United States.""

Pence told CBS that as the father of two daughters and as a public person, he does take allegations like those facing Trump seriously, but also noted the GOP presidential nominee ""categorically denied"" the claims against him.

Further, the Indiana governor said he urged Trump to apologize, which he has.

He also questioned the timing of the news against Trump, as ""we have hard evidence flowing out of the Clinton Foundation [and] the Clinton years, but the ""unsubstantiated claims are dominating the news.""

Pence said he's spoken with Trump over the allegations being made about him, and he believes the presidential candidate.

""Donald Trump has asserted that all of these recent unsubstantiated allegations are categorically false and I believe him,"" said Pence. ""The Donald Trump as I come to know, and my family has come to know and spent considerable amount of time, is someone who has a long record of not only loving his family and lifting his family up, but employing and promoting women in positions of authority in this company.""

And, Pence told Rose, he gave up a job he loves as governor of Indiana, a state he loves, to join the Trump race ""because I think this country is in a lot of trouble,"" and he thinks it's time to return the issues and move away from the scandals.

The Trump scandals have caused many to question his character, but Pence said he has found Trump's response to be ""extraordinary.""

""He apologized for what he said 11 years ago,"" said Pence. ""He showed humility, he showed heart. He focused that national presidential debate back on the issues that really affect the American people at home and abroad.""

Meanwhile, he pointed out that the ""avalanche"" of emails from Clinton's accounts continue to emerge.

""Clinton was advocating open borders when she was giving a speech in Brazil, advocating socialized medicine when she gave a speech in Canada,"" said Pence. ""The Haitian issue to me is the biggest one . . . The friends of the Clinton's were given preference shall treatment for contracts for the reconstruction of Haiti after an earthquake.""

Also on Friday, Pence commented on Trump's claims that the upcoming election may be rigged, and he agrees that voter fraud has been an issue.

""We are currently involved in a pretty vigorous investigation in the state of Indiana over voter fraud,"" said Pence. ""It is in the interest of everybody on every side of the spectrum to defend the one vote, one principle.

""The way elections are managed at the state level is to become involved as a poll-watcher and poll volunteer and we consistently encourage people to do that.""",1
1003,Ted Cruz: Now the odds-on favorite,"With 16 primaries and caucuses remaining, Donald Trump has to win 70% of the delegates to secure the 1,237 needed to win a first ballot at the Republican convention. Several states are coming up that are more favorable territory for Trump than Cruz, especially New York and Pennsylvania where Trump still has significant leads.

Even so, winning more than two thirds of the remaining delegates is a daunting challenge for him. In the 36 primaries and caucuses leading up to Wisconsin, Trump won only 46% of the delegates. And now he heads down a tough homestretch with Cruz seizing the momentum.

In a year crammed with surprises, no one can say for sure what will unfold in Cleveland, Ohio. But there are two likely outcomes: First, Cruz and Trump have each vowed to vote against a change in the GOP's Rule 40. That's an obscure provision that requires any candidate to win at least eight primaries and caucuses before he or she can be nominated.

Trump and Cruz will be the only two people in Cleveland with that distinction. They should also have enough delegate strength between them to block a rewrite of Rule 40. In other words, potential candidates like John Kasich, Paul Ryan and Mitt Romney won't be eligible even if many delegates think them likely to fare better against Hillary Clinton -- the race could narrow to Trump vs. Cruz.

If Trump then falls short on the first ballot, there will be a donnybrook. But it is now becoming apparent that Cruz is much better prepared to win that fight. Trump has run a campaign long on the outside game of televised rallies but short on the inside game of quietly piling up delegates. New York primary: Get ready for the real show (Opinion) By contrast, Cruz has been superlative playing to the inside. Just look at how craftily he captured delegates away from Trump a few days ago in North Dakota. (The capacity of the Obama team to play the inside game so well helped to propel them past Hillary Clinton in 2008.) In a first ballot, delegates must vote for the candidate to whom they are pledged but thereafter, of course, may vote for someone else. Signs increasingly point to the fact that Republican party regulars pledged to Trump are ready to bolt on a second or third ballot. With Cruz the only other man in the race, that almost certainly means they will drift -- rush? --toward the Texan, and he will take the crown. What the MRI of Donald Trump's soul reveals Wisconsin exit polls gave further evidence, as if any were needed, that Trump's self-destructive behavior in the two weeks leading up to the vote cost him dearly. He reacted so badly to various challenges, especially in his inability to speak clearly about abortion, that one wondered whether he had tired of the game and wanted to go home. Wisconsin voters punished him severely. But Cruz must surely have taken one lesson to heart: that Trump started slipping when the press turned a scorching spotlight on him. Now that the odds have shifted in his favor, the press and others will now vet Cruz much more toughly, too. One of the most interesting questions of the moment is how well he will stand up under that same spotlight. He shouldn't start sniffing for roses yet.",1
977,"Sanders, losing in delegates to Clinton, claims 'path to victory'","Bernie Sanders — who is winning delegate contests against Hillary Clinton but not catching up much in terms of actual delegates — insists he has a path to the Democratic presidential nomination, starting with primaries in New York and Pennsylvania.

""We believe that we have the momentum,"" Sanders said Sunday on ABC's This Week. ""We believe that the polling is showing that we're closing the gap.""

The Vermont senator toured a string of Sunday shows a day after beating Clinton by double digits in the Wyoming caucuses — though Clinton will wind up with more convention delegates thanks to ""superdelegates"" who can back any candidate they want.

Speaking on NBC's Meet The Press, Sanders said he has cut Clinton's lead by one-third in recent weeks, won eight of the last nine delegate contests, and is moving up in national polls against both Clinton and potential Republican opponents.

""We're running stronger against Donald Trump and other Republicans than Secretary Clinton,"" Sanders told NBC. ""I think we stand a really good chance to do well in New York State, in Pennsylvania, and as we head into other states.""

The New York primary is April 19, and Clinton holds a double-digit lead there, according to recent polls. Pennsylvania — along with Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland and Rhode Island —  holds its primary a week later.

The Associated Press reports that, when superdelegates are included, Clinton holds a significant lead over Sanders: 1,756 to 1,068.

Sanders said he believes his campaign can block Clinton from winning the 2,383 delegates needed for nomination at the convention.

""I believe that we have a real path to victory,"" Sanders said on CBS' Face The Nation, ""and that at the end of the day, we're going to win this.""

The former New York senator and secretary of State told CNN's State of The Union on Sunday: ""I intend to have the number of delegates that are required to be nominated.""",1
2572,"Unions fight to preserve Obama’s immigration actions, their members","Two of the country’s most powerful and politically influential labor unions are backing President Obama in the recent court challenge to his 2014 executive action on illegal immigration, saying they support the president’s effort because ""undocumented workers"" need more workplace protection and their participation helps the U.S. economy.

The AFL-CIO and the National Education Association on Monday each filed so-called amicus briefs in a federal appeals court case in which Texas and 26 other states are challenges the president’s 2014 memorandum on illegal immigration.

The memorandum essentially expands work authorization and delayed-deportation programs for illegal immigrants. And it provides similar opportunities for the parents of U.S. citizens or legal permanent residents.

The AFL-CIO’s 36-page brief essentially argues that Texas lacks the so-called “legal standing” to challenge the memorandum and that the administration didn’t violate procedural requirements in issuing the order.

However, the union also makes very clear its interest in the outcome of the proceedings.

“First, through existing collective bargaining relationships, AFL-CIO affiliates represent many undocumented workers in workplaces throughout the country,” according to the brief by the AFL-CIO, the country’s bigger union collective, with 56 unions representing roughly 12 million workers and retired workers.

Union lawyers argue such workers have substantive protection under labor and employment law but not to a “full range of remedies” when such laws are violated.

Such workers are not entitled to back pay under the National Labor Relations Act and are vulnerable to employer retaliation if they complain about violations, the lawyers argue.

“Secondly, this lack of legal remedies and vulnerability to retaliation creates an incentive for some unscrupulous employers to employ large numbers of undocumented workers at sub-standard wages and working conditions,” they continue in the brief. “Law-abiding employers must compete with these employers, making it more difficult for AFL-CIO affiliate unions to raise wages and improve working conditions.”

Many critics of Obama’s plans to reform federal immigration law without a vote in Congress say he is providing “amnesty” to those who have entered the U.S. illegally. They also say his plans -- backed by Americans companies and labor unions -- take away jobs from U.S. citizens.

""The labor unions, like Democratic politicians, have decided to rely on importing the citizens of other nations to gain power in this one. Of course this cancels out jobs and votes for Americans,"" a GOP congressional aide told FoxNews.com on Saturday.

In 2004, the AFL-CIO spent $5.1 million in lobbying and gave $8.7 million in political-related contributions, with no money going to Republicans, according to OpenSecrets.org.

The entire case, Texas et al v. USA, started in February when a federal judge granted the states a preliminary injunction, which temporarily stops Obama’s 2014 plan from going into effect.

The U.S. government wants the injunction lifted so Obama's actions can proceed but meanwhile has appealed the Texas court ruling to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit, in New Orleans, in which the amicus briefs have been filed.

Obama's actions would prevent as many as 5 million people who are in the U.S. illegally from being deported.

The 27 states also argue that the 2014 action is unconstitutional and would force them to invest more in law enforcement, health care and education.

The injunction is intended to stall Obama's actions while the lawsuit progresses through the courts.

Obama's orders to expand a program that protects young immigrants from deportation if they were brought to the U.S. illegally as children was set to take effect Feb. 18. The part that would extend deportation protections to the parents of U.S. citizens and permanent residents was slated to begin on May 19.

The 44-page amicus brief from the American Federation of Teachers includes seven other groups including ASPIRA -- the largest national Latino organization in the country.

The document largely makes the case that all children in the U.S. should have access to education for their “psychological, emotional, and physical well-being” and that children in families in which at least one member is an illegal immigrant should not be forced to live apart from their parents.

A coalition of groups including the Service Employees International Union, the second-largest public service union and a big supporter of Democratic political candidates and organizations, filed an amicus brief in the original case.

“The November 20, 2014 executive action on immigration would have beneficial effects on the U.S. economy and U.S. workers,” the brief states in part. “Temporary work authorization for those immigrants who are eligible for deferred action will raise not only their wages, but the wages of all Americans, which will in turn increase government tax revenue and create new jobs.”

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3007,Iran disputes report of missile test,"Iran's defense minister on Monday denied at least parts of a report in the Iranian media that the military recently test-fired a ballistic missile with pinpoint accuracy at a range of 1,250 miles — a range that would include Israel and several other Middle East nations.

Brigadier General Ali Abdollahi, the Iranian military's deputy chief of staff, told Iran's Tasnim news agency that Iran fired the test missile two weeks ago and that it was accurate to within 25 feet, which he described as zero error.

""We can guide this ballistic missile,"" he told Tasnim. Iran has previously asserted it has such missile capability.

Abdollahi declined to provide further details on the missile or the test. Defense Minister Brigadier General Hossein Dehqan later denied that a missile test of that distance took place. He also told Iran's Islamic Republic News Agency that the U.S. and Saudi Arabia are conducting a propaganda campaign to make the world believe Iran's missiles are not for defensive purposes.

Firas Abi-Ali, an analyst for the consulting firm IHS Country Risk, said Iran's government must pursue its missile program to appease hardliners after striking a deal on its nuclear program with the West.

""Given there technical restrictions, the missile program makes a lot of sense for them,"" Abi-Ali told USA TODAY. ""At the end of the day, they are beholden to the hardliners and the IRGC (revolutionary guard). The elected government is not the most powerful actor in Iran.""

Last month, Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei stressed the need for boosting Iran’s defense capabilities, saying negotiations without a robust defense could weaken Iran's position and force it to yield to countries posing threats.

Two months ago, Iran test-fired two ballistic missiles, one of them with the phrase ""Israel should be wiped off the Earth"" written on it in Hebrew. Iranian officials say the phrase was added by workers on the ground and was not a decision made by higher-level officials. Iran also conducted a missile test in November.

Iran has rejected claims that missile tests violate the nuclear agreement it reached with the U.S. and other nations or a United Nations resolution on missile testing, describing its missiles as conventional armaments for ""legitimate defense"" and not designed for carrying nuclear warheads.

U.S. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau said the department was aware of the reports. She said that, if a launch was confirmed, the U.S. would take up the issue with the U.N.

The nuclear deal, which took effect in January,  does not directly address missile restrictions. The U.N. Security Council lifted its ban on such testing when the deal was struck, but passed a resolution that ""calls upon Iran not to undertake any activity related to ballistic missiles ... including launches using such ballistic missile technology.""

The U.S., Britain, France and Germany were among nations decrying the March tests. The Security Council's Panel of Experts on Iran later said in a confidential report, first reported by Reuters, that the March launches did violate the U.N. resolution.

The tests in March involved two types of ballistic missiles during “Might of Velayat” military drills, Tasnim said. (Velayat is Persian for ""governance of the jurist."") The missiles, Qadr-H and Qadr-F, were launched from the East Alborz Mountains, north of Iran, and hit targets on the Makran coast to the southeast along the Pakistan border.",1
1290,"Bush vows to back GOP nominee, questions Rubio on abortion","Concord, New Hampshire (CNN) Jeb Bush is sharpening his attacks against rival Marco Rubio in the final few days before the New Hampshire primary, raising questions about the Florida senator's position on abortion and characterizing him as an untested, political showman.

In a wide-ranging interview Friday with CNN Special Correspondent Jamie Gangel, the former Florida governor talked about his campaign beyond New Hampshire, but also said he plans to support the Republican nominee -- even if that's Donald Trump.

""I will support the Republican nominee no matter who he or she is,"" Bush said when asked about Trump. ""I've done it my whole entire life. I've signed a pledge to do it. I'll do it.""

Late last year, after Bush began launching an aggressive attack strategy against Trump, the former governor's aides began looking into the possibility of Bush not backing Trump should he become the nominee. Lately, Bush tends to say definitively that Trump won't be the party's pick and avoids answering the hypothetical.

But on Friday, he said he would support the eventual nominee, but stressed he doesn't think Trump would win in the general election.

""I want to win, though. I want the Republican Party's candidate to win. I want a conservative to serve in the White House,"" Bush said. ""I believe I'm best qualified and that's why I'm fighting for this.""

That pledge of party loyalty also extends to Rubio, he said, though Bush and his allies continue to train their fire on the first-term senator, whose third place finish in Iowa ignited a new round of momentum for his campaign.

Since Iowa, where Bush placed sixth, Bush has been traveling across New Hampshire, diligently trying to compare Rubio and Sen. Ted Cruz to another first-term senator that ran for president eight years ago: Barack Obama.

Bush said Friday that Rubio is ""charismatic"" but not a ""leader."" His campaign released a TV ad that included footage of former Sen. Rick Santorum, who ended his campaign this week and backed Rubio but failed to name an accomplishment of Rubio's in the Senate.

Asked if Bush's attacks against Rubio will hurt the ""establishment"" lane in the Republican race, as some critics have argued, Bush argued that politics is a contact sport.

""He's attacking me,"" Bush said. ""So does that count, or is this just only a one-way street? Is this the child of privilege that has a free pass, whenever everybody else has to fight for it? This isn't bean bag, you know. This is politics. Every campaign, every candidate will be contrasted and compared. Their records needs to be shown.""

Bush, who considers himself the most pro-life candidate, believes in all three exceptions. Asked if Rubio's position is too extreme, Bush said he ""respects"" it but thinks it won't resonate with large swaths of voters.

""Politically, it's a tough sell to tell a pro-life mother -- had her daughter been raped -- that she would just have to accept that as a sad fact,"" he said. ""This is not an easy decision, but Marco will have to explain that position.""

It's a slight departure from a few months ago when it was reported that the pro-Bush super PAC, Right to Rise USA, was considering plans to attack Rubio on abortion. Asked about it at the time, Bush simply showed signs that he disagreed with the reported strategy.

Mostly, Bush is focused on highlighting what he considers Rubio's lack of leadership skills.

""As a speaker of the (Florida) House, he managed a staff of about 40 people,"" Bush said in the interview Friday. ""That's different than running a, you know, state government, where you had 130,000 people that got reduced by 11%.""

Bush said it wasn't true, but said he was glad he wasn't in a war of words with Christie.

""If he's going after Marco, it means he's not going after me, which warms my heart because I've been on the end of that pole ... by Chris Christie, and he's pretty good at it,"" Bush said.

With just four days until voters head to the polls in New Hampshire, Bush maintained that he's not feeling any ""pressure"" and argued that he's optimistic about his changes.

Bush supporter Sen. Lindsey Graham, however, told the New York Times that if Rubio ""badly"" defeats Bush in New Hampshire, the former governor will be ""toast.""

Bush brushed off the notion. Asked specifically if getting beat ""badly"" looks like Rubio placing first or second and Bush coming in fourth or fifth -- a possible scenario according to some recent polls -- Bush flatly said ""No.""

The candidate pledged to continue on to South Carolina, no matter the results.

""If you want to come visit me from the next week after New Hampshire, I'll be in South Carolina. And the week after that I'll be in Nevada,"" he said. ""We have a national campaign. This is the long haul.""",1
522,House GOP smells victory in budget battle,“I felt it is important to take the opportunity to meet the President-elect now before the drumbeats of war that neocons have been beating drag us into...,1
4634,Is Huma Abedin Hillary Clinton’s Secret Weapon or Her Next Big Problem?,"Faced with an unending scandal about her use of a private e-mail server when she was secretary of state, Hillary Rodham Clinton decided last September to “reset” her presidential campaign. As Amy Chozick wrote in the New York Times, the new Hillary would display her “humor” and her “heart,” the qualities that her friends say rarely come across in public appearances. The reset reached its zenith on October 3 when Hillary appeared on Saturday Night Live as “Val,” a bartender to whom Kate McKinnon, as Hillary Clinton, pours her heart out. The six-minute segment ends with “Hillary” and “Val” bonding as they sing “Stand by Me,” the Ben E. King classic. “Hillary” gets so carried away with her manic crooning that she doesn’t realize “Val” has disappeared and been replaced by cast member Cecily Strong, playing a character known as “Huma.” “I was just hanging out with my best friend Val,” Hillary says. Huma tells Hillary there is no one there. “I think you’ve had one too many, Hillary, let’s go,” Huma says. Huma, as anyone who follows politics knows, is 40-year-old Huma Abedin, Hillary Clinton’s “shadow,” as Politico once described her. She began working for Hillary in 1996, when she was a 19-year-old intern fresh from George Washington University assigned to the First Lady’s office. Abedin had wanted to be a journalist like her hero Christiane Amanpour and was hoping to work in the White House press office. “Take a chance,” her mother told her. “Don’t fall in love with Plan A.” Huma took the advice. “Sixteen years later, I wouldn’t change a thing,” she told a dinner audience in 2012, at a Fortune conference. “And I got to meet Christiane Amanpour.” Over the years Huma has served in several positions, with increasingly important-sounding titles. She has been Hillary’s “body woman,” her traveling chief of staff, a senior adviser, and a deputy chief of staff when Hillary was secretary of state. Now, based in Brooklyn, she is the vice-chair of Hillary’s 2016 presidential campaign. But whatever the title, the job she performs for Hillary has always been essentially the same: confessor, confidante, and constant companion. It’s safe to say that over the years Abedin and Hillary have spent more time together than either has with her husband. A former adviser to Bill Clinton describes her as “a mini Hillary.” Wherever Hillary goes, Abedin goes. In November 2008, when Hillary flew to Chicago to meet with President-Elect Barack Obama to discuss becoming secretary of state, she took Huma along. During Hillary’s grueling, nearly 11-hour congressional testimony in October about Benghazi, Abedin was there. She has been referred to as a “second daughter” to the Clintons. Others have described Hillary and Huma as like sisters.

Whoever wants to curry favor with Hillary has to go through Abedin, as thousands of recently released e-mails make abundantly clear. For the quotidian matters of the schedule, she speaks for Hillary, and people adept at getting access to Hillary know it. “Everybody fights to be at the center,” the former adviser says, “and Huma controls a lot of that dynamic.” “I’m not sure Hillary could walk out the door without Huma,” Clinton adviser Mandy Grunwald told *Vogue’*s Rebecca Johnson eight years ago. “She’s a little like Radar on *M*A*S*H. If the air-conditioning is too cold, Huma is there with the shawl. She’s always thinking three steps ahead of Hillary.” It’s still true today. Nothing Hillary-related is too big or too small for Abedin’s purview. Take, for example, the secretary of state’s December 2009 struggle to get a faxed document: Abedin: Can you hang up the fax line? They will call again and try fax. Clinton: I thought it was supposed to be off hook to work? Abedin: Yes, but hang up one more time. So they can reestablish the line. Abedin: Just pick up phone and hang it up. And leave it hung up. Clinton: I’ve done it twice now. Still nothing. In January 2013, Abedin was concerned that Clinton might miss an early-morning call from Manmohan Singh, the prime minister of India. Abedin discussed the call with Monica Hanley, another Clinton aide. Abedin: Have you been going over her calls with her? So she knows [S]ingh is at 8? Hanley: She was in bed for a nap by the time I heard that she had an 8am call. Will go over with her. Abedin: Very imp[ortant] to do that. She’s often confused. In her new position as vice-chair of Hillary’s campaign, Huma has even taken to being a stand-in for her boss at campaign-related events. In October, she and *Vogue’*s Anna Wintour were off to Paris together for a $1,000-a-person fund-raiser at the home of James Cook, an American businessman. But, for all her proximity to the white-hot center of American politics, Abedin is every bit as unknown to the general public as her boss is world-famous.

Abedin was born in Kalamazoo, Michigan. Her mother, Saleha Mahmood Abedin, is Pakistani; her late father, Syed Zainul Abedin, was Indian. Both were intellectuals. When Abedin was two years old, the family moved to Jidda, Saudi Arabia, where, with the backing of Abdullah Omar Nasseef, then the president of King Abdulaziz University, her father founded the Institute of Muslim Minority Affairs, a think tank, and became the first editor of its Journal of Muslim Minority Affairs, which stated its mission as “shedding light” on minority Muslim communities around the world in the hope of “securing the legitimate rights of these communities.” After Syed died, in 1993, his wife succeeded him as director of the institute and editor of the Journal, positions she still holds. She has also been active in the International Islamic Council for Da’wa and Relief, which is now headed by Nasseef and was banned in Israel on account of its ties to the Union of Good, a pro-Hamas fund-raising network, run by Yusuf al-Qaradawi. Google Abdullah Omar Nasseef, the man who set up the Abedins in Jidda, and a host of right-wing screeds pop up. Though he is a high-ranking insider in the Saudi government and sits on the king’s Shura Council, there are claims that Nasseef once had ties to Osama bin Laden and al-Qaeda—a charge that he has denied through a spokesman—and that he remains a “major” figure in the Muslim Brotherhood. In his early years as the patron of the Abedins’ journal, Nasseef was the secretary-general of the Muslim World League, which Andrew McCarthy, the former assistant U.S. attorney who prosecuted the “Blind Sheik,” Omar Abdel Rahman, in the wake of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, claims “has long been the Muslim Brotherhood’s principal vehicle for the international propagation of Islamic supremacist ideology.” Google Yusuf al-Qaradawi and you’ll find even more right-wing hysteria. Says McCarthy, who has conducted something of a personal crusade on the question of the Abedin family’s purported connections, “The Union of Good is a designated terrorist organization and Qaradawi is the leading global jurisprudent”—a term McCarthy prefers to “cleric”—“of the Muslim Brotherhood, who has issued fatwas calling for suicide bombings in the Palestinian territories and in Israel and has called for the killings of American soldiers in Iraq.” It turns out the Journal of Muslim Minority Affairs is an Abedin family business. Huma was an assistant editor there between 1996 and 2008. Her brother, Hassan, 45, is a book-review editor at the Journal and was a fellow at the Oxford Center for Islamic Studies, where Nasseef is chairman of the board of trustees. Huma’s sister, Heba, 26, is an assistant editor at the Journal. In June 2012, then congresswoman Michele Bachmann and four conservative congressmen wrote to the State Department warning that the Muslim Brotherhood had infiltrated the highest levels of the U.S. government. The letter specifically cited Abedin: “Huma Abedin has three family members—her late father, her mother and her brother—connected to Muslim Brotherhood operatives and/or organizations,” they wrote. But a month later Senator John McCain, no friend of the Clintons, took to the Senate floor to denounce Bachmann’s letter as an “unwarranted and unfounded attack” on Abedin. “I know Huma to be an intelligent, upstanding, hard-working, and loyal servant of our country and our government.” “There are few things that President Obama and John McCain agree on. One is that … Bachmann’s lies about Huma are baseless and bigoted fear-mongering,” says Clinton campaign spokesman Nick Merrill.

The Washington Post once described Abedin as “notoriously private.” That’s a fiction, of course. Like many other political operatives, she appears in the media when it suits her agenda. (Appearing in Vanity Fair is not on it; the Clinton campaign declined to make her available despite repeated requests.) The campaign has put the fear of God into many who might speak about her. One longtime Clinton observer explained that, along with Chelsea, Abedin is “the third rail” of the Clinton political world. “I’m being very candid with you,” this person says. “It’s a situation where everyone’s afraid to comment for fear that they’ll be misquoted, for fear of saying something they may think is laudatory that others may not. You can’t imagine the paranoia…. It’s a paranoia that clearly affects how everyone responds to Huma.” There is a long list of usually chatty Clinton surrogates and supporters who have gone mute on the subject of Huma Abedin. The ones who didn’t get the memo, or choose to ignore it, stick close to the prescribed script. Michael Feldman, the managing director of the Glover Park Group, a communications consulting firm, says that after 20 years Abedin has become part of the “institutional memory” and now occupies “a really important and unique place in an organization.” Bob Barnett, the lawyer who brokered the Clintons’ multi-million-dollar book deals, says Huma is “now one of the key glues that holds Clintonworld together…. She knows everyone and everyone knows her. She knows their strengths. She knows their weaknesses. She knows the roles they’ve played, and that history is priceless to a person in public life.” “Huma is a terrific leader. She’s multifaceted, has a great strategic sense, and she’s a wonderful colleague. She’s an integral part of the team, and her competence is only exceeded by her humility,” says Clinton campaign chair John Podesta.

When Anthony Weiner, then in his second term as a congressman from Queens, New York, first saw Abedin around Washington, in 2001, early in Hillary’s Senate term, “I was like, ‘Wow, who is that?’ ” he told *The New York Times Magazine’*s Jonathan Van Meter in 2013 for an in-depth story about their courtship and marriage. At a Democratic Party retreat on Martha’s Vineyard, in August 2001, he asked her out for a drink. She said she had to work, but Hillary promptly gave her the night off and urged the two young folks to go out and have fun. In the event, Abedin, who doesn’t drink alcohol, ordered tea and then retreated to the bathroom. She was slow to return. “She ditched me,” Weiner recalled to Van Meter. They kept running into each other, but Abedin wasn’t interested. She thought he was a brash, ambitious, camera-hogging New Yorker. But opposites began to attract during George W. Bush’s 2007 State of the Union address, at which Weiner found himself sitting between Senators Clinton and Obama. “I appreciate you looking out for my boss,” Huma texted him. By 2008 their relationship had become romantic, and they were married on July 10, 2010, with President Clinton presiding. In May 2011, Abedin accompanied Hillary and Obama on a trip to London that included a state dinner at Buckingham Palace. Abedin was invited to the festivities and afterward, in her “spectacular” room at the palace, wrote to Weiner: “I cannot believe what an amazingly blessed life that we live, these incredible experiences we’ve both had.” It was like a fairy tale. A few days later, though, the fairy tale became a nightmare when Weiner called and left a message for his wife, who was in Washington: “My Twitter was hacked.” In fact, despite what he told Abedin and the media, Weiner had mistakenly tweeted a photograph of his erection, meant for a 21-year-old college student in Seattle, to his 45,000 followers. Reporters besieged him. Desperate for privacy, he and his wife, then pregnant, spent the first weekend of June at a friend’s house in the Hamptons. As they were packing up the car to return to New York City, Weiner confessed, “It’s true. It’s me. The picture is me. I sent it.” Abedin was devastated. “It was every emotion that one would imagine: rage and anger and shock,” she told the Times. At a news conference on June 6, Weiner tried to come clean. He admitted he had sent explicit messages to six women during the previous three years, but said he had never actually met any of them. One longtime State Department official says that inside Foggy Bottom some people’s initial reaction was that Abedin might have driven Weiner to sexting because she “was never around. She gave so much to Hillary Clinton, what did she have left for him? It was politically incorrect, but we did wonder.” Abedin turned to Hillary. After all, who better to give advice on a husband’s extramarital escapades? The next day Huma returned to work at the State Department. “My compass was my job,” she said. “It was where I could go and life was normal.” “Huma didn’t really want me to [resign], frankly,” Weiner told Van Meter. “Her frame was: ‘We’ve got to get back to normal somehow.’ ” But between Majority Leader Nancy Pelosi’s call for his resignation and the fact that the Clintons were now disgusted with him, according to Politico, he believed he had no choice. He resigned the following day, which meant the end of his $174,000 salary, leaving the couple to make do with Abedin’s $155,000 State Department compensation.

After the scandal broke, Clintonworld seemed to go into overdrive to help Huma financially. A key first step was finding the family a new place to live. Soon after he resigned from Congress, Weiner sold his Forest Hills condominium for $430,000. Then Abedin sold her Washington condominium, for $620,000, at a loss of $29,000. Thanks to the generosity of Jack Rosen, a longtime Clinton supporter and New York developer, the couple moved into a sunlit, 12th-floor, 2,120-square-foot, four-bedroom apartment in one of Rosen’s buildings, at 254 Park Avenue South. The monthly rent has been estimated to have been at least $12,000. (In an interview, Rosen says the apartment was made available to the couple in part because of his relationship with the Clintons and they paid a market rental rate.) How Weiner and Abedin could afford the rent had the press wondering, although Weiner had started a consulting firm, Woolf Weiner Associates. The couple reported a combined income of $496,000 for 2012. (While Woolf Weiner remains a corporate entity, last July Weiner joined MWW, a public-relations firm. Two months later he was gone. “I was either not consulted or ignored on every part of this excellent summer adventure,” he tweeted.) The next step was to sign off on Abedin’s 2012 request to become a “special government employee,” or S.G.E., at the State Department. This would allow her to continue to get paid while working from home, in New York City, as a consultant with expertise that no other person could supply on a “myriad of policy, administrative and logistical issues,” according to her application for S.G.E. status. At the same time she could care for her new baby son, Jordan, born on December 21, 2011. She became an S.G.E. in early June 2012 and was paid $62.06 per hour. By then, Abedin was also acting as a consultant to Teneo Holdings, a global strategic-consulting and investment-banking firm co-founded by her old friend Douglas Band, who did the same thing for Bill Clinton that she did for Hillary. For the seven months she worked at Teneo, she was paid $105,000. In addition to the State Department and Teneo jobs, Huma was hired as a consultant to the William J. Clinton Foundation to help plan for Hillary’s “post-State philanthropic activities,” and as a personal employee of Hillary’s. The potential for conflicts cropped up immediately. In April 2012, after her maternity leave and while she was waiting to get her S.G.E. designation, Teneo asked her to intercede on behalf of its client Judith Rodin, the president of the Rockefeller Foundation, in obtaining a seat on the President’s Global Development Council. That year, the Rockefeller Foundation paid Teneo $5.7 million for public-relations work. “[Rodin] is expecting us to help her get appointed to this,” reads the subject line of an e-mail between two Teneo officials. “[Senior Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett’s] team is aware of the request, but has not made a commitment,” another e-mail explains. A few months later Band e-mailed Abedin: “Judy Rodin. Huge [Clinton] foundation/cgi [Clinton Global Initiative] supporter and close pal of wjc [Bill Clinton]. Teneo reps her as well. Can you help?” (There was no reply from Abedin in the e-mail chain, and Rodin did not get the appointment.) In July 2012, Huma, Weiner, and Jordan, then six months old, posed for People magazine in their Park Avenue South apartment, which had been listed for sale at more than $3 million. In the piece Abedin proclaimed, “Anthony has spent every day since [the scandal] trying to be the best dad and husband he can be. I’m proud to be married to him.” Soon thereafter, Weiner announced he was running for mayor. But it turned out he had again sent sexual messages to a woman on social media, starting in July 2012, after the People story appeared. He ended up losing badly in the Democratic primary. For many in Clintonworld, this was the end of their involvement with Anthony Weiner. “The Clintons have put him in exile,” one longtime Clinton insider says. But not Huma. She quickly returned to Hillary’s side. Daniel Halper, online editor at the conservative Weekly Standard and the author of Clinton, Inc., an unflattering portrait of the Clintons, theorizes Huma had little choice after the second sexting fiasco but to stick with Hillary. “She started sort of easing her way out,” he says. “It would have helped if she was the First Lady of New York and would’ve had her own gig going, but, of course, her husband completely fucked her over. But, at that point, there was no way for her to exit gracefully.”

In June 2013, Huma’s various roles caught the attention of Iowa Republican senator Charles Grassley, then the ranking minority member of the Senate Judiciary Committee. In a June 13 letter to Abedin, he claimed that Teneo had paid her for gathering “political intelligence” on behalf of its clients. (Teneo disputes this assertion.) He noted that, in addition to her $135,000 State Department compensation, she had also been paid “as much as $355,000” for her other consulting. He said he was “concerned” that her S.G.E. status “blurs the line between public and private sector employees.” He asked her to provide him information about her various jobs. In her July 5 response, she denied providing any advice or insights to Teneo clients about the State Department. But these answers did not mollify Grassley. Specifically, he objected to Abedin’s becoming an S.G.E., because he believed she provided no irreplaceable expertise and therefore her designation as one had violated Congress’s intent when it created the program, in 1962. The State Department dismissed his concerns. Her appointment as an S.G.E. “was consistent with employment and ethics rules,” it said. “She was retained for her expert knowledge of policy, administrative, and other matters.” Grassley, now the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, remains unsatisfied and has cited another Abedin-related beef: he claims she had worked 244 days as an S.G.E., far more than the 130 days allowed by the federal S.G.E. law. “If there’s a reason for more than 130 days, then she shouldn’t be an S.G.E.,” he says. “She ought to be a full-time employee.” But, according to someone close to Abedin, the State Department’s Office of Inspector General “miscalculated” the amount of time Huma worked as an S.G.E. and Grassley and his staff are “wrong” about the implications of her working more than 130 days as one. In her interview with the O.I.G,. Abedin recalled receiving verbal approval for the time she spent working. Grassley continues to probe Abedin’s potential conflicts of interest when she was getting four different paychecks at once. “We know she set up dinners for Secretary Clinton and her private-sector employers and e-mailed private-sector employees from government accounts,” he says. During the course of his looking into Abedin’s S.G.E. status, the senator stumbled upon an O.I.G. “criminal” inquiry, commenced in October 2013, about whether Abedin knowingly got paid for hours she did not work while she was on vacation and maternity leave. The heavily redacted report of the inquiry, dated January 2015, is titled “Huma Abedin. Embezzlement.” Essentially, the O.I.G. found that Abedin was paid $33,140.03 (or $20,331.42 after taxes) in a lump sum as a result of her possibly submitting “false or inaccurate time records resulting in pay received for work hours which should have been charged to sick and/or annual leave.” (The Department of Justice declined to prosecute.) The report makes clear that there was confusion about whether she had been authorized to take a maternity leave and whether she should have been paid for a “babymoon”—an August 2011 trip Abedin, then pregnant, and Weiner took to Italy. During that trip, she said in an interview with investigators, “Every day we had calls. We had emails. I was—I feel like I was constantly on conference calls. I have clear memories of walking around and just being on a conference call the whole time as we were walking.” The 161-page report concludes that the State Department wants her to repay $10,674.32, which equates to 62 days of work. As of this writing Abedin has not done so, pending an administrative appeal. In Clintonworld, the reaction to Grassley’s relentless assault on Huma is one of resignation. “It’s understood that if you live in that white-hot center in Clintonland you’ll be the subject of investigations, you’ll be the subject of personal attacks,” explains the longtime Clinton observer. “You expect it to come, and it’s handled. She’s done nothing wrong and has nothing to be apprehensive about. It doesn’t mean she still won’t be attacked.” Another says simply, “Senator Grassley would not be pursuing Huma if she was not a key senior aide to Secretary Clinton.” Grassley says that charge is ridiculous and that he has no plans to give up this fight until he gets more information from Abedin and the State Department. The Judiciary Committee’s lawyers have been trying to schedule a meeting with Abedin’s lawyer, Miguel Rodríguez, but that meeting keeps getting postponed. (Each side says the other is to blame.) “I have to go by my reputation,” Grassley says. “I don’t give up. You know the old saying ‘There’s more than one way to skin a cat’?” But Rodríguez says, “Neither the law nor the facts support Senator Grassley’s baseless allegations and extrapolated conclusions. It is disappointing that the senator and his staff continue to focus a politically motivated campaign on Ms. Abedin, who has been known her entire professional life for hard work, integrity, and her sterling reputation. It is people like Ms. Abedin whom we should all want in public service.” Whether it’s palatable for the vice-chairman of Hillary’s presidential campaign to be embroiled in allegations of conflicts of interest, obtaining patronage jobs, or misrepresenting time worked remains to be seen. Asked if at some point Huma becomes a liability to Hillary, the long-term Clinton insider replies, “It’s like anything else. I don’t think so, but you know I don’t have any idea. Hillary is very loyal, but she’s obviously pragmatic.” It’s all gotten more complicated since the simpler days of 2011, when one Saturday morning, just before noon, Huma sent Hillary a copy of an A.P. story about gunmen who tried to assassinate the head of the Libyan Army. Hillary replied about an hour later: “Did you get info from Chelsea about the wall lamps?” Chelsea had sent Huma the link. Huma replied, “They are beautiful, but way out of my price range!” “Did you look at all the ones in the link to the brand?” Hillary asked later that afternoon. “Can you call me at home?” Ed Note: This article has been changed from its original, adding an attribution to the New York Times in the opening paragraph. Related: How Hillary Clinton’s Loyal Confidants Could Cost Her the Election",1
142,America’s white fragility complex: Why white people get so defensive about their privilege,"Last year, a white male Princeton undergraduate was asked by a classmate to “check his privilege.” Offended by this suggestion, he shot off a 1,300-word essay to the Tory, a right-wing campus newspaper. In it, he wrote about his grandfather who fled the Nazis to Siberia, his grandmother who survived a concentration camp in Germany, about the humble wicker basket business they started in America. He railed against his classmates for “diminishing everything [he’d] accomplished, all the hard work [he’d] done.”

His missive was reprinted by Time. He was interviewed by the New York Times and appeared on Fox News. He became a darling of white conservatives across the country.

What he did not do, at any point, was consider whether being white and male might have given him—if not his ancestors—some advantage in achieving incredible success in America. He did not, in other words, check his privilege.

To Robin DiAngelo, professor of multicutural education at Westfield State University and author of What Does it Mean to Be White? Developing White Racial Literacy, Tal Fortgang’s essay—indignant, defensive, beside-the-point, somehow both self-pitying and self-aggrandizing—followed a familiar script. As an anti-racist educator for more than two decades, DiAngelo has heard versions of it recited hundreds of times by white men and women in her workshops.

She’s heard it so many times, in fact, that she came up with a term for it: “white fragility,” which she defined in a 2011 journal article as “a state in which even a minimum amount of racial stress becomes intolerable, triggering a range of defensive moves. These moves include outward display of emotions such as anger, fear and guilt, and behaviors such as argumentation, silence and leaving the stress-inducing situation.”

When the Black Lives Matter movement marched in the streets, holding up traffic, disrupting commerce, and refusing to allow “normal life” to resume—insofar as normalcy means a system that permits police and vigilantes to murder black men and women with impunity—white people found themselves in tense conversations online, with friends and in the media about privilege, white supremacy and racism. You could say white fragility was at an all-time high.

I spoke with DiAngelo about how to deal with all the fragile white people, and why it’s worth doing so.

Sam Adler-Bell: How did you come to write about “white fragility”?

Robin DiAngelo: To be honest, I wanted to take it on because it’s a frustrating dynamic that I encounter a lot. I don’t have a lot of patience for it. And I wanted to put a mirror to it.

I do atypical work for a white person, which is that I lead primarily white audiences in discussions on race every day, in workshops all over the country. That has allowed me to observe very predictable patterns. And one of those patterns is this inability to tolerate any kind of challenge to our racial reality. We shut down or lash out or in whatever way possible block any reflection from taking place.

Of course, it functions as means of resistance, but I think it’s also useful to think about it as fragility, as inability to handle the stress of conversations about race and racism

Sometimes it’s strategic, a very intentional push back and rebuttal. But a lot of the time, the person simply cannot function. They regress into an emotional state that prevents anybody from moving forward.

SAB: Carla Murphy recently referenced “white fragility” in an article for Colorlines, and I’ve seen it referenced on Twitter and Facebook a lot lately. It seems like it’s having a moment. Why do you think that is?

RD: I think we get tired of certain terms. What I do used to be called “diversity training,” then “cultural competency” and now, “anti-racism.” These terms are really useful for periods of time, but then they get coopted, and people build all this baggage around them, and you have to come up with new terms or else people won’t engage.

And I think “white privilege” has reached that point. It rocked my world when I first really got it, when I came across Peggy McIntosh. It’s a really powerful start for people. But unfortunately it’s been played so much now that it turns people off.

SAB: What causes white fragility to set in?

RD: For white people, their identities rest on the idea of racism as about good or bad people, about moral or immoral singular acts, and if we’re good, moral people we can’t be racist – we don’t engage in those acts. This is one of the most effective adaptations of racism over time—that we can think of racism as only something that individuals either are or are not “doing.”

In large part, white fragility—the defensiveness, the fear of conflict—is rooted in this good/bad binary. If you call someone out, they think to themselves, “What you just said was that I am a bad person, and that is intolerable to me.” It’s a deep challenge to the core of our identity as good, moral people.

The good/bad binary is also what leads to the very unhelpful phenomenon of un-friending on Facebook.

SAB: Right, because the instinct is to un-friend, to dissociate from those bad white people, so that I’m not implicated in their badness.

RD: When I’m doing a workshop with white people, I’ll often say, “If we don’t work with each other, if we give in to that pull to separate, who have we left to deal with the white person that we’ve given up on and won’t address?

RD: Exactly. And white fragility also comes from a deep sense of entitlement. Think about it like this: from the time I opened my eyes, I have been told that as a white person, I am superior to people of color. There’s never been a space in which I have not been receiving that message. From what hospital I was allowed to be born in, to how my mother was treated by the staff, to who owned the hospital, to who cleaned the rooms and took out the garbage. We are born into a racial hierarchy, and every interaction with media and culture confirms it—our sense that, at a fundamental level, we are superior.

And, the thing is, it feels good. Even though it contradicts our most basic principles and values. So we know it, but we can never admit it. It creates this kind of dangerous internal stew that gets enacted externally in our interactions with people of color, and is crazy-making for people of color. We have set the world up to preserve that internal sense of superiority and also resist challenges to it. All while denying that anything is going on and insisting that race is meaningless to us.

SAB: Something that amazes me is the sophistication of some white people’s defensive maneuvers. I have a black friend who was accused of “online harassment” by a white friend after he called her out in a harsh way. What do you see going on there? RD: First of all, whites often confuse comfort with safety. We say we don’t feel safe, when what we mean is that we don’t feel comfortable. Secondly, no white person looks at a person of color through objective eyes. There’s been a lot of research in this area. Cross-racially, we do not see with objective eyes. Now you add that he’s a black man. It’s not a fluke that she picked the word “harassed.” In doing that, she’s reinforcing a really classic, racist paradigm: White women and black men. White women’s frailty and black men’s aggressiveness and danger. But even if she is feeling that, which she very well may be, we should be suspicious of our feelings in these interactions. There’s no such thing as pure feeling. You have a feeling because you’ve filtered the experience through a particular lens. The feeling is the outcome. It probably feels natural, but of course it’s shaped by what you believe. SAB: There’s also the issue of “tone-policing” here, right? RD: Yes. One of the things I try to work with white people on is letting go of our criteria about how people of color give us feedback. We have to build our stamina to just be humble and bear witness to the pain we’ve caused. In my workshops, one of the things I like to ask white people is, “What are the rules for how people of color should give us feedback about our racism? What are the rules, where did you get them, and whom do they serve?” Usually those questions alone make the point. It’s like if you’re standing on my head and I say, “Get off my head,” and you respond, “Well, you need to tell me nicely.” I’d be like, “No. Fuck you. Get off my fucking head.” In the course of my work, I’ve had many people of color give me feedback in ways that might be perceived as intense or emotional or angry. And on one level, it’s personal—I did do that thing that triggered the response, but at the same time it isn’t onlypersonal. I represent a lifetime of people that have hurt them in the same way that I just did. And, honestly, the fact that they are willing to show me demonstrates, on some level, that they trust me. RD: If people of color went around showing the pain they feel in every moment that they feel it, they could be killed. It is dangerous. They cannot always share their outrage about the injustice of racism. White people can’t tolerate it. And we punish it severely—from job loss, to violence, to murder. For them to take that risk and show us, that is a moment of trust. I say, bring it on, thank you. When I’m doing a workshop, I’ll often ask the people of color in the room, somewhat facetiously, “How often have you given white people feedback about our inevitable and often unconscious racist patterns and had that go well for you?” And they laugh. Because it just doesn’t go well. And so one time I asked, “What would your daily life be like if you could just simply give us feedback, have us receive it graciously, reflect on it and work to change the behavior? What would your life be like?” And this one man of color looked at me and said, “It would be revolutionary.” SAB: I notice as we’ve been talking that you almost always use the word “we” when describing white people’s tendencies. Can you tell me why you do that? RD: Well, for one, I’m white (and you’re white). And even as committed as I am, I’m not outside of anything that I’m talking about here. If I went around saying white people this and white people that, it would be a distancing move. I don’t want to reinforce the idea that there are some whites who are done, and others that still need work. There’s no being finished. Plus, in my work, I’m usually addressing white audiences, and the “we” diminishes defensiveness somewhat. It makes them more comfortable. They see that I’m not just pointing fingers outward. SAB: Do you ever worry about re-centering whiteness? RD: Well, yes. I continually struggle with that reality. By standing up there as an authority on whiteness, I’m necessarily reinforcing my authority as a white person. It goes with the territory. For example, you’re interviewing me now, on whiteness, and people of color have been saying these things for a very long time. On the one hand, I know that in many ways, white people can hear me in a way that they can’t hear people of color. They listen. So by god, I’m going to use my voice to challenge racism. The only alternative I can see is to not speak up and challenge racism. And that is not acceptable to me. SAB: Yes, and racism is something that everyone thinks they’re an authority on. RD: That drives me crazy. I’ll run into someone I haven’t seen in 20 years in the grocery store, and they’ll say, “Hi! What’ve you been doing?” And I say, “I got my Ph.D.” And they say, “Oh wow, what in?” And they’ll go “Oh, well you know. People just need to—” As if they’re going to give me the one-sentence answer to arguably the most challenging social dynamic of our time. Like, hey, why did I knock myself out for 20 years studying, researching, and challenging this within myself and others? I should have just come to you! And the answer is so simple! I’ve never heard that one before! Imagine if I was an astronomer. Everybody has a basic understanding of the sky, but they would not debate an astronomer on astronomy. The arrogance of white people faced with questions of race is unbelievable.",1
5168,Karl Rove: Trump's campaign is willing to change. Is the candidate?,"Every Monday, Fox News contributor Karl Rove wraps up the last week in politics and offers an inside look at the week ahead.

Late Breaking News: After this report had been filed, news broke that Trump’s campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, has been fired. Political insiders and journalists alike have reported that Lewandowski and campaign chairman Paul Manafort have been in open warfare over the campaign’s strategy. Lewandowski won most of the battles because he traveled constantly with the candidate and was often the last person The Donald talked to on most every issue.

Lewandowski’s instinct was to “let Trump be Trump.”  But while that might have helped the New York businessman grab 44 percent of the GOP primary vote and become the party’s presumptive nominee, it is not clear this approach would work in the general election.  News reports indicate Trump’s family played a major role in convincing the candidate to dump his manager.

But this change may mean less than expected if the candidate persists in his unorthodox approach.  Winning presidential campaigns are guided by a plan to effectively use the candidate’s time in covering battleground states, targeting persuadable groups of voters with a consistent message that is backed up by solid information and research and delivered in a compelling, deliberate manner.

This requires planning and, having never run for office, Mr. Trump may well believe he doesn’t need a plan or to change his tone or to engage in the basic blocking-and-tackling of persuading and turning out-the-vote.  Instead, he may believe big rallies and frequent TV interviews devoted to the issues of the moment can overcome all.

While it is clear Manafort and the others who make up the winning faction inside Team Trump understand what traditional campaigns need to do, they will not be able to make other needed changes unless the candidate is willing.

The candidates spent last week showcasing divergent strategies to unify their parties. Hillary Clinton continued trying to conciliate Bernie Sanders by reminding he and his supporters of the need to defeat Donald Trump, but the Vermont senator is not willing to suspend his campaign now.

Instead, Sanders seems intent on some sort of confrontation at next month’s Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia. On Tuesday he called for the Democratic Party’s fundamental transformation, and on Thursday he rallied supporters for a platform fight and encouraged them to run for state and local office.

Donald Trump spent his week refusing to conciliate the GOP. On Wednesday he told Republicans upset with his comments about “Mexican Judge” Gonzalo Curiel and opposed to his proposed ban on Muslims entering the country to “Just please be quiet. Don't talk.”

And on “Meet The Press” Sunday, Trump said that while “It would be nice if the Republicans stuck together … I can win one way or the other.” At rallies last week, he also savaged Mitt Romney and Jeb Bush.

Some Republican leaders believe The Donald would be better off ignoring his critics, projecting confidence that the GOP will be united and focusing his energy on Clinton and President Obama. They wonder why he continues to punch down.

Every day Trump spends trashing fellow Republicans is a day the press covers that story, not his attacks on Clinton. Bad advance work can also keep the story alive: Trump held a fundraiser in Arizona at a home built by Senator Barry Goldwater. No one bothered to check what Goldwater’s widow thought of The Donald. She scorched him in interviews.

The two camps have deeply divergent TV strategies, too: NBC News reported Sunday that Clinton and her super PAC allies ARE spending $23.3 million this month in eight battleground states, while Trump and his allies have spent zero (at least one pro-Trump super PAC is running spots on Fox News Channel nationally).

The Clinton campaign ads are running in Colorado, Florida, Iowa, Nevada, New Hampshire, North Carolina, Ohio and Virginia. Among them are https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZ891SoIsdQ and https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZiS-WGv8Dps.

The president was heard from, as well: On Tuesday, Obama used the State Floor of the White House for a speech to attack Trump. It’s unusual for any president to use the White House for political speeches, but Obama has demonstrated he doesn’t believe tradition, rules or even the law applies to him.

Democrats counting on Obama to help make the case against Trump believe the president’s 50.4/45.6 percent approval/disapproval rating in the RealClearPolitics average of recent polls makes him a big plus for Clinton’s campaign.

Besides counting on those who disapprove of the president to be stronger in their views than those who approve, Republicans believe Obama’s numbers have risen as both party’s primary fights partially obscured him, and that his efforts now to gain the limelight will remind people of what they didn’t like about him and his policies, further fueling voters’ desire for change.

Convention preparations moved forward: Political insiders consider the appointments Friday of Enid Michelson of Utah as Rules Committee chairman for the GOP National Convention and Ron Kaufman of Massachusetts as Rules co-chairman as moves by RNC Chairman Reince Priebus to install leaders loyal to him, rather than to any specific candidate, though the ramifications of this are not yet clear.

Democratic leaders were given the joyful news that veterans of Occupy Wall Street plan to use three campgrounds in southern New Jersey as staging sites for Sanders supporters who will participate in protests in the park across the street from the party’s convention at Wells Fargo Arena in Philadelphia. The campgrounds are half an hour away and can house thousands.

Looking forward: Clinton promises to step up her attacks on Trump this week with a speech on his business failures, while Trump’s handlers suggest he will lay out more of his economic vision.

Republicans wonder whether Trump will pivot, ignore his Republican critics and focus on Clinton. After all, he has repeatedly criticized Mitt Romney for failing to effectively attack Obama in 2012. Trump’s continued failure to go on the offense himself will raise further concerns and more doubts about his chances in the general election.

Watch also to see if controversy continues bubbling up about Trump’s call on Sunday for profiling Muslims and his suggestion last week that Obama is secretly sympathetic to radical Islam. Even the NRA disavowed Trump’s view that nightclub patrons should be able to carry guns into any club. Let’s see if these Trump comments become bigger items.

But guns are likely to dominate this week’s political coverage: In the aftermath of the Orlando massacre, the Senate takes up four competing measures designed to keep potential terrorists from being able to purchase guns. The most likely to win the largest amount of Senate support is Texas Republican John Cornyn’s bill, but it’s not clear that even he can win the 60 votes necessary to overcome a filibuster by Senate Democrats, some of whom would rather have a political issue than pass legislation.

Karl Rove joined Fox News Channel as a political contributor in February 2008. He also currently serves as a columnist for the Wall Street Journal. Mr. Rove helped organize the political-action committee American Crossroads. His latest book is ""The Triumph of William McKinley: Why the Election of 1896 Still Matters"" (Simon & Schuster, 2015). Follow him on Twitter @KarlRove.",1
2794,Obama says charges he's anti-Semitic are hurtful,"(CNN) President Barack Obama strongly pushed back against claims that he has used anti-Semitic rhetoric in criticizing those opposed to the nuclear deal with Iran.

""There is not a smidgen of evidence for it, other than the fact that there have been times where I've disagreed with a particular Israeli government's position on a particular issue"" Obama said in an interview published Monday with The Forward , a leading Jewish newspaper, adding that such charges are hurtful.

Obama's comments come as the Obama administration is making a full-court press to sell the Iran deal to the American public and prevent Congress from blocking in a September vote the agreement brokered in July between Iran and world power.

Secretary of State John Kerry will deliver a major speech on the deal at the National Constitution Center in Philadelphia on Wednesday as part of that push, CNN has learned. Kerry will use the speech to defend the merits of the agreement and respond to its critics, as Obama has done in several speeches and interviews since the deal was finalized.

Federica Mogherini, foreign policy chief for the European Union, has been representing the Europeans in nuclear talks with Iran.

Federica Mogherini, foreign policy chief for the European Union, has been representing the Europeans in nuclear talks with Iran.

Wendy Sherman has been a key U.S. negotiator in the Iran talks. She is the under secretary of state for political affairs.

Wendy Sherman has been a key U.S. negotiator in the Iran talks. She is the under secretary of state for political affairs.

Kerry, second from left, meets Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, second from right, for talks in Lausanne, Switzerland, on Monday, March 16. At the far left is U.S. Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz. At the far right is Ali Akbar Salehi, head of Iran's Atomic Energy Organization.

Kerry, second from left, meets Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, second from right, for talks in Lausanne, Switzerland, on Monday, March 16. At the far left is U.S. Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz. At the far right is Ali Akbar Salehi, head of Iran's Atomic Energy Organization.

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has been spearheading negotiations on a possible deal to rein in Iran's nuclear program.

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has been spearheading negotiations on a possible deal to rein in Iran's nuclear program.

After arduous talks that spanned 20 months, negotiators reached a landmark deal aimed at reining in Iran's nuclear program, announced on July 14. From left, European Union High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Federica Mogherini, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, Head of the Iranian Atomic Energy Organization Ali Akbar Salehi, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry pose for a group picture at the United Nations building in Vienna on July 14.

After arduous talks that spanned 20 months, negotiators reached a landmark deal aimed at reining in Iran's nuclear program, announced on July 14. From left, European Union High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Federica Mogherini, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, Head of the Iranian Atomic Energy Organization Ali Akbar Salehi, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry pose for a group picture at the United Nations building in Vienna on July 14.

The Obama administration's strongly worded defense of the nuclear deal and its attacks on those opposed to the deal has concerned some prominent members of the American Jewish community, who have worried aloud that the administration's rhetoric could fuel anti-Semitic stereotypes.

At issue are Obama and his top surrogates' claims that opponents of the deal are going to precipitate a war with Iran, and that their opposition has come from a well-funded lobbying campaign -- a campaign rooted in the American Jewish community and other pro-Israel circles.

Some critics of the deal have gone even further in linking Obama's Iran deal to anti-Semitism, as 2016 GOP presidential candidate Ben Carson did while discussing the agreement in light of Iran's threats to Israel.

""Anything is anti-Semitic that is against the survival of a state that is surrounded by enemies and people who want to destroy them,"" he told Fox News in mid-August. ""To sort of ignore that and to act like everything is normal there and these people are paranoid, I think that's anti-Semitic.""

Obama has rejected that premise, and insisted in his interview with The Forward that ""if you care deeply about Israel, then you have an obligation to be honest about what you think, the same way you would with any friend.""

""And we don't do anybody, any friend, a service by just rubber-stamping whatever decisions they make, even if we think that they're damaging in some fashion,"" Obama added.

Beyond the heated rhetoric, critics have recently homed in on elements of the deal that they say do not hold up to the test of scrutiny.

But Kerry, during an interview with CNN in Anchorage, Alaska, ahead of a conference of Arctic nations, pushed back on the notion that the Iranians would be able to self-inspect at Parchin, as Republicans in Congress have alleged.

""We are satisfied that we will be able to have a process which can get us the answers,"" Kerry said. ""If they are not accountable in the way that we expect them to be with appropriate access then they would be in material breach of the agreement and subject to any and all options available to the United States.""

Kerry flew to Anchorage to help deliver President Barack Obama's message on climate change to foreign ministers gathered in Alaska for this week's GLACIER conference.

""We still have time to pull back from the total precipice of absolute catastrophe that threatens life itself on the planet providing that we do the things that the President and others are talking about,"" Kerry said.

The Secretary of State added that global warming skeptics in the Republican Party like Donald Trump and Ted Cruz should travel to Alaska to see the impacts of climate change first hand.

""Ask any Alaskan. I think people in Alaska will tell Donald Trump and tell Ted Cruz it's happening. And all they have to do is come here and open their minds and their eyes and their ears and listen, look. And they will see the impacts of what is happening,"" Kerry said.

Kerry denied the administration is guilty of climate hypocrisy after its recent approval of Shell's application to begin oil and natural gas drilling in the arctic.

He also stated that he will not punt a decision on the controversial Keystone XL pipeline to the next administration, but he declined to signal how soon a decision might come.",1
2043,"On Midterm Trail, Hillary Clinton Tests Themes for Possible 2016 Run","ROCHESTER, Mich.—Appearing in liberal Philadelphia, Hillary Clinton told a campaign crowd that corporations have too much clout. In conservative Kentucky, she lauded her husband’s record in office while avoiding any mention of the locally unpopular current White House resident, President Barack Obama.

Mrs. Clinton is back on the campaign trail after a six-year hiatus, aiming to rouse Democratic voters who don’t typically show up for midterm elections. In the course of trying to help her party’s candidates, she is also...",1
483,U.S. added 257K jobs in January; unemployment ticks up to 5.7 percent,"The United States kept up its breakneck pace of hiring in January, adding 257,000 jobs as workers received wage increases unseen since the financial crisis, according to government data released Friday morning.

The unemployment rate ticked up by one-tenth of a point, to 5.7 percent, largely because so many people — nearly 1.1 million — entered the workforce, some coming off the sidelines after years of discouragement.

The latest data indicates a fully firing labor market that has become the engine for the American recovery. The United States has added jobs over the last year at its steadiest pace in two decades, and January offered fresh evidence that employers are now willing to raise wages and compete for workers.

“We’re finally getting to that point where a self-sustaining recovery is going on,” said Jeremy Lawson, chief economist at Standard Life Investments, an asset management firm.

The U.S. labor market has expanded quickly enough in the last year that President Obama recently called 2014 a “breakthrough year in America.” And as it turns out, 2014 just got even better. As part of the latest data from the Department of Labor, net jobs growth figures from November and December were significantly revised upward. November’s net jobs gain now stands at a whopping 423,000, up from the previous 353,000, the biggest one-month gain since 2010. The November through January stretch qualifies as the nation’s best three-month stretch of jobs growth in 17 years.

The monthly jobs data can be volatile, particularly in January, when government economists try to calculate seasonally adjusted hiring growth amid the layoffs of holiday workers. U.S. stocks were up and the dollar strengthened Friday morning on the jobs news, which slightly exceeded market expectations.

Perhaps the best sign in the jobs report wasn't the net payroll gain — the figure has topped 200,000 for 11 months in a row — but rather the nascent sign of rising salaries. The average hourly worker saw a 12-cent-per-hour raise in January, the best one-month increase since 2007. Since the Great Recession, real wages have remained stagnant, but this is slowly beginning to change. Over the last year, wages have risen 2.2 percent. Meantime, consumer prices are seeing inflation below 1 percent, largely because cheaper oil has caused gasoline prices to plummet.

""When I look at this report, I see a confident economy,"" Department of Labor Secretary Thomas E. Perez said Friday in an interview. ""Companies that are bullish. New job-seekers who are more optimistic. And when you factor low gas prices and wage growth, that adds up to money in people’s pockets, a greater hop in their step.""

The January wage numbers were being closely watched, because wages had taken a slight step backward in December. Real wages are an important indicator for labor market health, as they rise when more workers leave the sideline and companies feel pressure to compete for employees.

Some economists caution about reading too much into one month’s salary data and say only sustained wage growth will help the country fill one of the missing pieces of the recovery.

“Earnings are increasing, but the rates of real wage growth suggest that more must be done to ensure that all families can feel the strengthening recovery in their own lives,” Jason Furman, chairman of the White House’s Council of Economic Advisers, said in a statement.

For the Federal Reserve, this report offered perhaps the strongest evidence yet encouraging a short-term rate hike in the middle of this year — even as inflation falls below the central bank’s target.

“The pick-up in average hourly earnings gains was a belated Christmas present,” Scott Anderson, chief economist at Bank of the West, said in an e-mail. “It should help the Fed look past a temporary drop in inflation this year and keep their eye on gradually normalizing interest rates.”

In January, jobs growth was broad-based. The health-care and retail sectors were again strong, as they’ve been throughout the recovery. But so, too, were construction (with 39,000 jobs added) and professional and technical services (33,000 jobs added).

For months now, the U.S. economy has looked like the strongest in the developed world. But the recovery here came with a mystery: Some prime-aged workers were sitting on the sideline, unmoved to again begin actively seeking work. That meant they weren’t counted as unemployed. It also left the U.S. economy below its full potential.

January’s data showed at least some evidence that these workers are again looking for work. The labor force participation rate — which tracks the proportion of Americans holding or seeking a job — nudged up from 62.7 to 62.9 percent. That number looks small, but it was caused by a wave of new entrants — some 1.05 million, roughly the population of Rhode Island.

The labor force participation rate is still at its lowest point since the 1970s, but some of that decline is demographic, the result of a retiring wave of baby boomers. The key for the labor force, economists say, is encouraging frustrated middle-aged potential employees to resume their job searches, even if it requires new training or skills.

“There is this drumbeat — we’re seeing more and more jobs in a wide range of different occupations and industries,” said Tara Sinclair, chief economist at Indeed.com, a job search Web site. “Hopefully that will attract these people to get the necessary skills and jobs.”",1
