id,title,text,label
17535,Trump says he has decided to decertify Iran nuclear deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump struck a blow against the 2015 Iran nuclear agreement on Friday in defiance of other world powers, choosing not to certify that Tehran is complying with the deal.  Based on the factual record I have put forward, I am announcing today that we cannot and will not make this certification,  Trump said at a White House event as he unveiled a tougher strategy against Tehran. Trump s move does not pull the United States out of the agreement, formally known as the JCPOA. ",1
17536,UK's Johnson to visit Moscow this year to discuss security,"LONDON (Reuters) - British foreign minister Boris Johnson will travel to Moscow later this year to discuss international security issues, the British government said on Friday. Johnson canceled what would have been the first visit to Russia in five years by a British foreign secretary in April due to a poison gas attack in a rebel-held area of Syria that prompted the United States to carry out missile strikes. Moscow backs Syrian government forces against rebels in the country s civil war. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov subsequently met Johnson at the United Nations in September.   Our relationship with Russia is not straightforward,  Johnson said in a statement.  That is all the more reason to be talking to Russia - to manage our differences and cooperate where possible for the security of both our nations and the international community.  Relations between Britain and Russia have been strained since the murder of ex-KGB agent Alexander Litvinenko in London in 2006, a killing which a British inquiry said was probably approved by President Vladimir Putin. Britain s foreign ministry said Johnson, on his Moscow visit, wished to discuss North Korea, Iran and regional stability in the Middle East, as well as security for the 2018 World Cup soccer tournament in Russia.  We will continue to challenge Russia s approach where we disagree, whether that is Russia s actions in Syria or its aggression toward Ukraine. My visit will provide an opportunity to talk about these issues and more, face-to-face,  Johnson said. ",1
17537,Activists urge Apple to drop apps that play up Philippine drugs war,"MANILA (Reuters) - A group of civil society organizations has demanded that Apple Inc (AAPL.O) remove from its app store games it said violated the tech firm s guidelines and promoted violence and killings  commonplace in the Philippines  war on drugs. The group named several apps featuring characters based on Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte and his national police chief, Ronaldo  Bato  dela Rosa, who engage criminals in gun battles and fistfights.  These games valorise and normalise the emerging tyranny of Duterte s presidency and his government s disregard for human rights principles,  the Asian Network of People who Use Drugs (ANPUD) said in an open letter to Apple s Chief Executive Officer, Tim Cook. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment from Reuters. The group listed 131 organizations from numerous countries as supportive of the Oct. 10 complaint to Apple, among them groups working on human rights, youth and drug policy reform. They urged Apple to issue an apology for hosting such  insensitive content . Thousands of Filipinos have been killed in Duterte s 15-month-old war on drugs, a campaign that has caused international alarm. Human rights groups say state-sponsored executions are taking place, an assertion the authorities vehemently reject. The group said games such as  Fighting Crime 2 ,  Duterte knows Kung Fu ,  Duterte Running Man Challenge ,  Tsip Bato  and  Duterte Vs Zombies   might seem harmless and fun  but were offensive and distasteful because in reality, murder and impunity had prevailed.  Duterte Running Man Challenge  was not available for download on Friday, and three of the app developers could not be reached for comment. Ben Joseph Banta, a managing partner of Ranida Games, which developed  Tsip Bato , said the game sought to discourage drug use with the use of banner messages opposing drugs that were visible to players.  The aim of our game is not to promote violence,  Banta said in an emailed response, adding that it featured  supplemental digital content against the use of illegal drugs.    We understand the human rights groups and we re very much open to make changes in the game in order to remove the stigma that the game is promoting violence,  he said. ",1
17538,Closely fought election to test Kyrgyzstan's fragile stability,"BISHKEK (Reuters) - Kyrgyzstan votes in a presidential election on Sunday that is being closely fought between a protege of the outgoing president and an opposition leader, testing stability in a country where two previous leaders were ousted in violent riots. The mainly Muslim ex-Soviet state of six million people stands out from its neighbors, mostly run by autocrats, in having a boisterous democracy that produces sometimes chaotic changes of leadership. Serving President Almazbek Atambayev has to step down because of term limits, and is backing Sooronbai Jeenbekov, a 58-year-old member of Atambayev s Social Democratic Party, to succeed him. He is facing strong opposition from Omurbek Babanov, 47, who heads the biggest opposition party, Respublika-Ata Zhurt (Fatherland). The most likely outcome is that neither Babanov nor Jeenbekov will win outright on Sunday, setting up a second round run-off, according to the U.S.-based International Republican Institute, which has conducted its own polling.  Both leading candidates differ little on the main points of policy: a secular state, hewing close to Russia in a region where Moscow vies for influence with the United States and China. However, they represent rival interest groups and clans inside Kyrgyzstan that are fighting for access to power and state resources. In a September poll by Coalition for Democracy and Civil Society, a Western-backed NGO, 38.7 percent of respondents said they expected Babanov to win and 41.2 percent picked Jeenbekov. Eleven more candidates are running in the vote. A candidate needs more than 50 percent for an outright win. Opposition candidate Babanov is a wealthy businessman with a charismatic style, while Jeenbekov is a former livestock technician turned bureaucrat. Both say they will maintain strong ties to Moscow.  Kyrgyzstan hosts a Russian military airbase. Remittances from hundreds of thousands of migrant laborers working in Russia are a vital source of Kyrgyzstan s foreign currency revenue. The campaign has featured allegations of coup plots and corrupt practices, hinting at the fragile political stability that has dogged Kyrgyzstan since a revolution in 2005 that ousted long-standing leader Askar Akayev.   I am going to start my fight against corruption with you,  Jeenbekov told opposition candidate Babanov in a televised debate, in which he also called his younger opponent  a chick . The Kyrgyz government detained one of Babanov s supporters on Sept. 30, charging him with plotting a violent coup during the vote. It has also accused several Babanov campaign workers of planning to bribe voters. Babanov has denied any wrongdoing and dismissed the charges against his supporters as dirty election tactics. Atambayev s government last month accused Kazakhstan, a bigger and wealthier neighbor which is also close to Russia, of interfering in the election after Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev met Babanov and appeared to endorse him.   Kazakhstan has denied backing any candidates, and, citing security concerns, introduced tighter checks on the Kyrgyz border this week. ",1
17539,"Allies press Catalan leader to declare full independence, ignore Madrid deadlines","MADRID (Reuters) - Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont came under pressure from one of his key allies on Friday to declare full independence and ignore a threat of direct rule from the Spanish government. Puigdemont made a symbolic declaration of independence on Tuesday night, only to suspend it seconds later and call for negotiations with Madrid. Spain s Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has given him until Monday to clarify his position - and then until Thursday to change his mind if he insists on a split - threatening to suspend Catalonia s autonomy if he chooses independence.  But far-left Catalan political group CUP called on Puigdemont to make an unequivocal declaration of independence in defiance of the deadlines.  If (the central Madrid government) wants to continue to threaten and gag us, they should do it to the Republic that has already been claimed,  the party said. The CUP only holds 10 seats in the 135-seat Catalan parliament. But Puigdemont s minority government relies on its support to push through legislation and cannot win a majority vote in the regional parliament without its backing.  The wealthy region s intention to break away after a referendum has plunged Spain into its worst political crisis since an attempted military coup in 1981 and could hurt economic growth targets for next year, the deputy prime minister said.  If there were no quick solution to this issue we should be forced to lower expectations of economic growth for the year 2018,  Soraya Sainz de Santamaria said on Friday.    Sources close to the Catalan government said Puigdemont and his team were working on an answer to Rajoy though they declined to say what line he would take. The CUP statement echoes the position expressed late on Thursday by influential pro-independence civic group Asamblea Nacional Catalana which said:  Given the negative position of Spain toward dialogue, we ask the regional parliament to raise the suspension (on the declaration of independence).  But the leader of Puigdemont s party, Artur Mas, who served as the region s president until 2016 and is still believed to influence key decisions, said on Friday declaring independence was not the only way forward.  If a state proclaims itself independent and cannot act as such, it s an independence that is merely aesthetic,  he told Catalan television TV3.  The external factor must be taken into account in the decisions that will be made from now on,  he said. The European Union, the United States and most other world powers have made it clear they wanted Catalonia to remain within Spain.  If we allow Catalonia - and it is none of our business - to separate, others will do the same. I do not want that,  Jean Claude Juncker said in a speech at Luxembourg University. ",1
17540,"UK's Hammond urges party to unite on Brexit, says EU is 'the enemy'","LONDON (Reuters) - British finance minister Philip Hammond sought to quell accusations from within his Conservative Party that he is taking too soft an approach to Brexit and said the European Union represented  the enemy  in the negotiations. Hammond, who has come under increasingly hostile fire from supporters of a tough approach to splitting Britain from the EU, told Sky News television that it was time for the Conservatives to end their in-fighting over the Brexit talks.  I understand that passions are high, I understand that people have very strong views about this, but we are all going to the same place, we all have the same agenda,  he said in an interview on the sidelines of International Monetary Fund meetings in Washington.  The enemy, the opponents, are out there on the other side of the table. Those are the people that we have to negotiate with. We have to negotiate hard to get the very best deal for Britain,  Hammond said. Hammond infuriated pro-Brexit newspapers this week and was criticized by some Conservatives including former finance minister Nigel Lawson for not agreeing to spend money now on preparations for the possibility of Britain leaving the EU without a deal. Speaking to media in Washington on Friday, Hammond declined to say whether he would vote for Brexit if there were a second referendum. Hammond who campaigned for Britain to remain part of the EU ahead of the June 2016 vote. Echoing Prime Minister Theresa May s own reticence on the issue, Hammond declined to say how he would vote if another referendum were held now.  We ve had the referendum,  he told the BBC.  You know how I voted in it.  Earlier this week May declined to answer a similar question, stoking concerns among Brexit supporters that she is not fully committed to taking Britain out of the EU. On Thursday May s spokeswoman said the prime minister had full confidence in Hammond. ",1
17541,Catalonia's independence leader wages his own battle for unity,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Moments before Catalonia s leader, Carles Puigdemont, baulked at declaring independence from Spain this week, cracks were already appearing in his secessionist ranks. Some members of his political alliance say they were waiting for him at Barcelona s 18th-century regional parliament building on Tuesday evening, fully expecting him to call for an independence vote in the chamber that night. Instead, after arriving late, to the cheers of thousands of supporters, the former journalist and lifetime advocate of independence told his allies an hour before entering the chamber that there had been a late change of plan, according to one of those present. There would be no vote. Instead, Puigdemont made a symbolic declaration of independence, then suspended it and called for negotiations with Madrid.  We are annoyed, we are hurt, we are angry because he came up with a strategic change one hour before the parliamentary session,  said Carles Riera, a member of the Catalan parliament from the far-left CUP party, which backs an unequivocal declaration of independence and whose support keeps Puigdemont s minority government alive.  A spokesman for Puigdemont s party denied he had surprised all of his own political allies, saying his core coalition had agreed the plan in the morning. The CUP was not included in that morning meeting but was informed afterwards, the spokesman said, without saying when. The CUP s claim of betrayal reveals the shaky political foundations upon which Catalonia s independence movement is built, a jumble of parties ranging from anti-capitalists to free marketeers whose only common cause is to split from Spain. There are now doubts over Puigdemont s ability to survive the worst confrontation between Catalonia, a former principality with its own language and culture, and Madrid in 40 years. Members of the CUP say Puigdemont lost his nerve at the crucial moment. One CUP lawmaker present at the meeting, Eulalia Reguant, quit the day after, citing his reversal. Instead of persuading Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy to accept talks, his gesture was met with an ultimatum: renounce independence by Thursday or Madrid will use its constitutional power to take control of the region directly. Now Puigdemont, 54, finds himself in a struggle with not only Madrid, but also internally with the CUP, which may end up being the bigger danger for his political career and for his  prospects of winning another regional election on a pro-independence platform. The small CUP party had ousted Puigdemont s predecessor as Catalan president, Artur Mas, in 2015. It refused to back the mainstream independence coalition, Junts pel Si, unless Mas stepped down.  If Puigdemont backs down and says we tried but this is not working, unilateral secession isn t doable, I don t think CUP will support him again,  said Eurasia analyst Federico Santi. He said Puigdemont s party was already sliding in opinion polls. In the final hour before Puigdemont stood up in the regional parliament to announce that he was suspending the independence push, he also made it clear to those in his political circle that their voices were not the only ones that mattered.  I am talking to the world,  he told them when pressed for an explanation, according to two people who were present. Some in the room said they suspected he had taken a phone call from a senior EU figure in Brussels, though the heads of the two main EU political institutions, Jean-Claude Juncker and Donald Tusk, said it was not them. One EU official, however, said there was reason to believe that an emotional personal appeal Tusk had made publicly to Puigdemont a couple of hours before he was due to speak had weighed on the Catalan leader s decision. Puigdemont has always considered world opinion as crucial to Catalan independence: as a journalist in the 1990s, he traveled Europe to research media impressions of Catalonia and wrote a book,  Cata ... que?  (Cata ... what?). A supporter of the European Union, he switches easily from Catalan to Spanish, French or Romanian, the native language of his wife, whom he met at the Catalan News Agency he founded.  The president made a speech which was very much addressed to EU institutions and governments,  a Catalan government source said on condition of anonymity. Puigdemont also made clear that he considered it would be Spain s responsibility if it rejected his offer of dialogue. Several neighboring countries criticized Spain s use of force to disrupt Catalonia s Oct. 1 independence referendum, which had been banned by Madrid. Hundreds were injured when police used batons and rubber bullets on voters. The crackdown, though, fired up independence supporters and hardened expectations among Puigdemont s base that he would unilaterally declare independence in parliament. When he didn t, supporters watching his speech on large screens outside the assembly buried their heads in their hands, some wept, and they rolled up their Catalan flags and went home. Inside, the recriminations were well underway. Some lawmakers in Puigdemont s Junts pel Si coalition said they, too, had only been informed of his tactic at the 11th hour, though the spokesman for Puigdemont s party denied this. The government source said Catalan companies leaving the region in the days before his speech had also weighed on Puigdemont s mind. Several firms, including Catalonia s two major banks, moved their legal headquarters to other parts of Spain. Some anxious Catalan depositors traveled to neighboring regions to open bank accounts there. Jordi Alberich, director of Barcelona-based business association Cercle D Economia, met Puigdemont on Oct. 7.   He seemed to be very conscious of the consequences of a unilateral declaration of independence,  Alberich said.   He was very worried about companies fleeing.  ",1
17542,Nigeria jails 45 Boko Haram suspects in mass trial held in secret,"ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigeria has convicted and jailed 45 Boko Haram suspects, the government said on Friday, the first sentences it has handed down in a set of mass trials that have drawn criticism for being held behind closed doors. The trials are the biggest to date in the eight-year-old militant Islamist insurgency, which has left at least 20,000 people dead and driven 2 million from their homes in northeastern Nigeria. Those convicted were sentenced to between three and 31 years in jail, Lai Mohammed, the information minister said in a statement. He did not specify what they had been convicted of. Of the rest of the 575 suspects arraigned in the first trial the court  discharged 468 suspects who had no case to answer,  threw out 34 cases, and remanded 28 for trial in Abuja or Minna, he said.  The court ordered that the 468 discharged persons should undergo deradicalization and rehabilitation programs before they are handed over to their respective state governments,  it said. The other trials have been adjourned until January. In all, about 1,670 suspects are due to appear in court, many of whom have been held for years in pre-detention in alleged violation of their rights. The proceedings that began on Monday were cautiously welcomed by rights groups and experts. But both they and the United Nations have criticized the trials for handling too many cases at once, and all behind closed doors with no media or public observers allowed.  We have serious concerns that the conduct of the proceedings may deny the defendants the right to a fair trial and an effective defense,  said a UN High Commissioner for Human Rights spokesman on Friday.  The lack of transparency regarding these trials is worrying, and we note that Nigeria s National Human Rights Commission is not allowed to attend and monitor proceedings,  he said. Amnesty International also complained about the trials being held without scrutiny but said on Wednesday:  These trials should provide a much-needed opportunity to deliver justice for the many victims of human rights abuses and crimes allegedly committed by Boko Haram members.  ",1
17543,Armed attack kills at least six soldiers in Egypt's Sinai,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Armed militants killed at least six Egyptian soldiers at a military post in the Sinai Peninsula, the army said, in an attack later claimed by Islamic State. Attacks targeting security forces have been common since Egypt s Islamist president Mohamed Mursi was ousted in 2013 following mass protests against his rule.  The Egyptian army said in a statement earlier on Friday six soldiers were killed when  armed terrorists  attacked a checkpoint in Arish city with grenades and firearms.        Islamic State said in a statement released by the group s official news agency Amaq later on Friday that at least 14  apostates  were killed, including one policeman.  The group also said tens were injured in the attack.  Egypt is fighting an insurgency against Islamist militants affiliated with Islamic State in the Sinai Peninsula where hundreds of security forces have been killed since Mursi s ouster. ",1
17544,"Facebook will help investigators release Russia ads, Sandberg tells Axios","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Facebook Inc (FB.O) Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg said on Thursday the company was committed to helping U.S. congressional investigators publicly release Russia-backed political ads that ran during the 2016 U.S. election.  Things happened on our platform in this election that should not have happened,  Sandberg said in an interview in Washington with Axios news that was broadcast on its website.  We told Congress and the intelligence committees that when they are ready to release the ads, we are ready to help them.  Axios asked Sandberg what the world s largest social network knew about the extent of Russia s use of its platform and if ads on Facebook that had been placed by Russian accounts and Donald Trump s presidential campaign had overlapped in terms of target audiences. She appeared to sidestep the questions and said only that targeting on Facebook was often very broad.  The interview was the first by a senior Facebook executive since the company disclosed last month that it had found some 3,000 politically divisive ads believed to have been bought by Russia before and after the presidential campaign. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia used cyber-enabled means in an attempt to help Trump win the White House, an allegation the Kremlin has denied. Sandberg was in Washington for meetings with U.S. lawmakers.  Sandberg told the Congressional Black Caucus on Thursday that Facebook planned to add an African-American to its board of directors, a source familiar with the closed-door meeting said, but she offered no details. The board has been criticized for its lack of diversity.  She and two other Facebook executives, Erin Egan and Elliot Schrage, also met privately with Representative Jackie Speier, a California Democrat and member of the House Intelligence Committee. Facebook and other major internet companies including Alphabet s Google (GOOGL.O) and Twitter (TWTR.N) are on the defensive as they try to limit fallout from a torrent of  revelations about how Moscow sought to use their platforms to sow discord in the United States and influence the election. Sandberg told Axios that Facebook began hearing rumors around Election Day last November of Russian attempts to use the platform to spread propaganda but did not give a precise timeline about when the company began its review. Sandberg said she supported the public release of those ads, and the pages to which they were connected. Information about how the ads targeted specific types of users would also be released, she said. Asked if Facebook contributed to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton s defeat last year, Sandberg, an open Clinton supporter during the campaign, did not answer directly but said it was important the website was  free from abuse  during any election in any country. Congressional committees and special counsel Robert Mueller are investigating Russian interference in the election, including whether there was any collusion between Trump associates and Moscow. Trump has denied that there was any collusion between his campaign and associates and Russia. Sandberg acknowledged that the company had erred in how it handled the issue of foreign interference last year.  It s not just that we apologize. We re angry, we re upset. But what we really owe the American people is determination to do a better job of preventing foreign meddling,  she said.  We don t want this kind of foreign interference  on Facebook, Sandberg said.  She said the company had been too permissive at times in terms of how advertisers were allowed to target users. Sandberg said it was important to protect  free expression  on Facebook and that if the Russian ads had been bought by legitimate accounts instead of fraudulent ones, many would have been allowed to run on the site. She criticized Twitter s decision this week to remove a campaign video from Republican Representative Marsha Blackburn, who is running for a U.S. Senate seat in Tennessee. Twitter took down the video, saying a remark Blackburn made about opposing abortion was inflammatory. Twitter later reversed its decision.  In that ad, there are a lot of things that people don t like, that I don t like. ... But the question is,  Should divisive political or issue ads run?  Our answer is yes because when you cut off speech for one person you cut off speech for all people,  she said. Sandberg said Facebook wanted other internet companies to work toward making ad purchases more transparent, and she said  Facebook was talking with lawmakers who want to introduce legislation on the issue. Representatives from Facebook, Google and Twitter are expected to testify about Russian influence at hearings before the Senate and House intelligence committees on Nov. 1. ",1
17545,"U.S. Congress tangles with Facebook, other social media firms over Russia probe","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Despite public promises of cooperation from Facebook and other social media companies, congressional investigators are battling over how much data the companies should hand over to them on Russian efforts to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Congressional sources said this week that Facebook Inc (FB.O) has been slow to cooperate. The company and others have said they are turning over information, but also that they are legally obligated to protect their users  privacy. On visits to Capitol Hill on Wednesday and Thursday, Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook s chief operating officer, met with leaders of the House Intelligence Committee and said the company wanted to help investigators and would turn over more information.  Things happened on our platform that shouldn t have happened  in the lead-up to the election, Sandberg told the Axios website on Thursday. So far, however, the congressional sources said investigators have found it hard to extract all the relevant information from Silicon Valley about alleged Russian activity. But the committees have so far seen no need to issue subpoenas for the data, the sources added. Facebook and other major internet companies including Alphabet Inc s Google (GOOGL.O) and Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) have faced a stream of recent revelations about how Moscow sought to use their platforms to sow discord in the United States and influence the election in favor of the Republican White House candidate, Donald Trump. Facebook disclosed last month that it had found some 3,000 politically divisive advertisements believed to have been bought by Russia before and after the presidential campaign.  The company has now shared with congressional investigators the ads, information on how they were paid for, and how they were targeted, a Facebook spokesman said. Sandberg told congressional investigators on Thursday that in addition to the ads, the company would provide the rest of the information from accounts linked to Russia, the spokesman said.     The sources said investigators were also pressing Twitter, Google and other companies for similar data, and urging Twitter to conduct a more comprehensive search of its data banks.  We have a set of strict ads policies including limits on political ad targeting and prohibitions on targeting based on race and religion,  a Google spokeswoman said, asked about the issue.  We are taking a deeper look to investigate attempts to abuse our systems, working with researchers and other companies, and will provide assistance to ongoing inquiries.   A Twitter spokesperson did not respond to an email requesting comment.  Twitter has likely not released all potentially relevant data to congressional investigators in part because of their policy requiring a court order and their track record of defending user privacy by fighting such requests,  Adam Sharp, former head of news and government at Twitter, said in an interview. Twitter engineers are trying to regenerate some of the lost data, and may be able to retrieve some of it, said a person familiar with the company s technology. The use of social media platforms was part of what U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded was a broader Russian effort to meddle in the election campaign, an allegation the Kremlin has denied. Several congressional committees, as well as special counsel Robert Mueller, are investigating Russian interference, including any potential collusion between Trump associates and Moscow. Trump has denied any such collusion. In September, Facebook disclosed that it had evidence that an operation based in Russia had spent $100,000 on thousands of sponsored posts promoting divisive social and political messages in a two-year period through May 2017. Facebook said it believed the messages were likely bought by people in Russia before and after the 2016 election.     Sources familiar with Facebook s contacts with Congress said that as recently as July this year, company officials were denying the existence of any paid Russian messaging, and only later acknowledged that the company had found $100,000 in sponsored traffic linked to 478 Facebook accounts.       The sources said investigators think the paid messaging was generated by a group called the Internet Research Agency in St. Petersburg. U.S. officials have called it a  troll factory  that creates false identities or copies real ones to spread real, skewed, and fake information for the Kremlin. Congressional sources said some of the Facebook messaging went to groups with seemingly legitimate names such as Heart of Texas, Defend the Second, and United Muslims of America, which they said all had as many as 250,000 followers. These groups now appear to have been bogus, or set up to look like legitimate political organizations, and investigators want to learn more about the groups, their followers, and their origins, the sources said. They said Facebook lawyers have argued that turning over additional data could compromise its promise of privacy to its users. However, congressional investigators say that if Russian messengers used fake identities, they would have no legal claims to privacy. ",1
17546,"Too little cash, too much politics, leaves UNESCO fighting for life","PARIS (Reuters) - In the modernist but faded headquarters of UNESCO, the U.N. s cultural agency on Paris s elegant Left Bank, more than a few diplomats wandered the corridors on Friday wondering if the organization has a future. The agency, founded in the ashes of World War Two to protect the common cultural inheritance of humanity, was due to elect a new head later in the day. But a sudden announcement that the United States was quitting over anti-Israel bias meant that whoever wins the top job would inherit a body in turmoil, with huge questions over its future funding and mission.  I think it s a catastrophic decision,  said Daniel Rondeau, a former French envoy to the body.  It s a fracture that seriously jeopardizes the very nature of UNESCO - its universal dimension - and the very concept of multilateralism.  Officially known as the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, UNESCO is best known for designating and protecting archaeological and heritage sites, from the Galapagos Islands to the tombs of Timbuktu. Most of its activities are uncontroversial, but when it comes to, say, resolutions about how religious sites should be run in Jerusalem, every word is studied for accusations of bias. For some of its diplomats, Washington s decision to quit represented a corner being turned, and puts even more pressure on whoever is elected to lead it.  This is the most critical election. There can t be four more years like this,  said a Western diplomat, bemoaning the leadership of outgoing director Irina Bokova of Bulgaria, whose critics say she failed to persuade member states to pay their dues and stop politicizing UNESCO s work. At the heart of its recent problems is a financing crisis since 2011, when UNESCO voted to admit Palestine as a full member state and Washington responded by halting payment of its annual $80 million in dues. The United States and Israel were among just 14 of 194 members to vote against Palestine s membership. Washington says it favors an independent Palestinian state some day, but it must arise from negotiations, and admitting the Palestinians to international bodies beforehand hurts the peace process. Since then, Israel has regularly complained over resolutions about cultural sites in the West Bank and Jerusalem, arguing that they are worded to delegitimize the Jewish state. Israel s foes say it uses U.S. support to deflect bona fide criticism. Without U.S. money, UNESCO, which employs around 2,000 people worldwide, has been forced to cut programs, freeze hiring and fill gaps with voluntary contributions. Its 2017 budget was about $326 million, almost half its 2012 budget.  We need to do less with less. We ve spent too long trying to do too much without the means,  said a UNESCO official, who declined to be identified.  We need to sell ourselves better, but without funding it s difficult to change our image.   Including the United States, which has some $542 million in arrears, the organization is owed almost $650 million, according to figures on its website. At this stage, UNESCO officials still don t know if the United States will make up its arrears before it officially exits on Dec. 31, 2018.  Other major contributors such as Japan, Britain, and Brazil have also yet to pay their dues for 2017, sometimes citing objections to the body s policies.  The fact is that UNESCO was all about solidarity and creating a climate for peace between countries, but nations now use their dues to influence programs,  said a UNESCO-based diplomat.  That needs to change.  Japan, for example, has threatened to withhold dues over the inclusion of the 1937 Nanjing Massacre in the body s  Memory of the World  program. Russia and Ukraine have been at odds over Crimea, with Kiev accusing Moscow of trying to legitimize its annexation of the territory through UNESCO.  Whoever takes over at the helm has to tackle this head on. They need to find ways of getting nations to talk these issues through, but if they can t, then the director-general needs to be able to say  no  and kill these texts,  said a second UNESCO-based diplomat. Unlike at the U.N. Security Council, where five powers wield a veto, UNESCO takes decisions based on majority votes, either of its General Secretariat that includes all 195 nations, or of the 58-member Executive Board. Israel says this creates a built-in majority for states that are hostile to it. Big countries like the United States that provide most of the funding say their single votes give them little input into how their money is spent. Prior to Thursday s U.S. decision to withdraw, UNESCO s board had tried to evade confrontation by voting to postpone divisive Israeli-Palestinian texts until April, diplomats said. All the candidates running to head UNESCO have vowed grassroots reforms and efforts to de-politicize the institution. The final candidates are two former culture ministers from France and Qatar. But even the vote on a new boss is tinged with politics, since Egypt, which has also vied for the top post, and Qatar are on opposite sides in a diplomatic dispute in the Arab world. ",1
17547,Russia regrets Israeli pullout from UNESCO,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia regrets Israel s decision to pull out of United Nations cultural agency UNESCO, the Russian foreign ministry said on Friday, saying Israel had followed the  bad example  of the United States. ",1
17548,Myanmar’s Suu Kyi sets out aid plan to end Rohingya crisis,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Aung San Suu Kyi has set out plans for a new humanitarian project to enable Myanmar s Rakhine State to emerge as a peaceful and developed region, which a close adviser said showed her determination to fix the country s refugee crisis. Suu Kyi said in a televised address on Thursday evening that she would invite aid organizations, business leaders and civil society to take part in the initiative, which aims to defuse the violence that has caused 536,000 Rohingya Muslims to flee from Rakhine State to Bangladesh in the past two months.  What she s interested in is how to fix this, how to... give the civilian government, as opposed to the military, the power to deliver aid, reconciliation and rebuilding,  said the adviser, who briefed reporters, by telephone, on condition of anonymity.   That s the task she has set herself.  In her speech, Suu Kyi said that although the government may not be strong, she hoped the strength and generosity of the people would turn the initiative, to be launched on Sunday, into a  milestone  in Myanmar s history.  Representatives of Suu Kyi in Myanmar could not be reached to confirm the adviser s comments. But two leading Myanmar experts confirmed to Reuters that the adviser was close to her. The United Nations has called the violence in Myanmar a  textbook example of ethnic cleansing , and the Nobel Peace Prize laureate Suu Kyi has been widely criticized for failing to take action to stop it.  She is appalled by what she has seen. She does care deeply about this. I know that does not always come across. But she really does,  Suu Kyi s adviser told reporters.  But she had to tread carefully in order not to inflame things further, he said, saying Myanmar s transition to democracy was in a  perilous position .  ",1
17549,South African Supreme Court upholds reinstating 783 corruption charges against Zuma,"BLOEMFONTEIN, South Africa (Reuters) - South Africa s Supreme Court of Appeal on Friday upheld a High Court ruling to reinstate nearly 800 corruption charges filed against Jacob Zuma before he became president. Zuma, who has faced and denied numerous other corruption allegations since taking office, said he was disappointed by the court s decision and asked the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) to  consider representations  before deciding whether to proceed against him. It was unclear when the NPA would make a decision on the charges, which relate to a 30 billion rand ($2 billion) government arms deal arranged in the late 1990s. The ruling is likely to amplify calls for Zuma, 75, to step down before his term as president ends in 2019 and diminish his influence over who succeeds him when the ruling African National Congress (ANC) chooses a new leader in December.  It is going to make it a lot more difficult for his camp to get their presidential candidate elected,  said Gary van Staden, political analyst with NKC African Economics.     Friday s unanimous Supreme Court ruling upheld a High Court decision in April 2016 that the charges against Zuma should be reinstated. They had been set aside in April 2009 by the then-head of the prosecuting authority, paving the way for Zuma to run for president later that year.  Rejecting an appeal brought by Zuma and the NPA, Judge Lorimer Leach said it was  irrational  for the NPA to have set the charges aside   the same word used by the High Court.  It is difficult to understand why the present regime at the NPA considered that the decision to terminate the prosecution could be defended,  the Supreme Court s Leach said. NPA spokesman Luvuyo Mfaku said prosecutors would need to consider the judgment but would  at all times do the right thing within the confines of the rule of law and in the interest of proper administration of justice . In a separate statement, the NPA said Zuma s lawyers had asked the state prosecutor  not to serve an indictment on his client nor to re-enrol the matter prior to the representations having been considered . The prospect that Zuma s removal may be inching closer lifted the rand against the dollar. Zuma is unpopular with many investors after sacking respected finance minister Pravin Gordhan in March, a move that hit South African financial assets and helped tip the country s credit ratings into  junk  territory.             Zuma has faced persistent corruption allegations, most recently over leaked emails that suggest his friends the Gupta family may have used their influence to secure lucrative state contracts for their companies. Reuters has not independently verified the emails, and Zuma and the Guptas have consistently denied any wrongdoing. Mmusi Maimane, leader of the main opposition Democratic Alliance, said he would write to the National Director of Public Prosecutions, Shaun Abrahams, to demand he indict Zuma.  The charges have been formulated and the evidence is ready. We now await a trial date,  Maimane told reporters. Asked by reporters whether Zuma should resign, the African National Congress (ANC) Secretary General Gwede Mantashe said the party would allow that process to take its course.  The first thing is whether the NPA will decide to charge the president,  he said.  You re putting the cart before the horse.  National prosecutor Mokotedi Mpshe s decision in 2009 to drop the 783 charges against Zuma in what has become known as the Spy Tapes case was based on phone intercepts presented by Zuma s legal team. They suggested the timing of the charges in late 2007 may have been part of a political plot to stop Zuma, then deputy president, running for the top job. Zuma was linked to the 1990s arms deal through his former financial adviser, who was jailed for corruption.  Analysts said the credibility of Zuma and the NPA were in question after the ruling. One lawyer, Ulrich Roux, who speaks to media as a legal analyst, said  a private prosecution could be instituted  if charges are not brought. ",1
17550,Kenya police shoot dead two during opposition protest: commissioner,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan police shot dead two people and wounded a third when a crowd tried to storm a police station during an opposition protest against a looming presidential vote re-run, a senior official said.  Around 20 youths attempted to take over the station during an otherwise peaceful rally in the town of Bondo in the southwest county of Siaya, forcing officers to open fire, County Commissioner Josephine Onunga said by phone.  Police also used teargas to break up small demonstrations in Kenya s three main cities - Kisumu, the capital and the port of Mombasa - defying a government ban on rallies in city centers. Hospital authorities said 20 people were injured in Kisumu, an opposition stronghold.  Kenya s supreme court nullified the presidential election in August, citing procedural irregularities and voiding the victory of President Uhuru Kenyatta. The ruling opening the way to a repeat vote on Oct. 26.  But opposition leader Raila Odinga has refused to take part, saying the re-run should not happen until wide-ranging reforms are brought in to prevent another failed vote. The election board has said the polls will go ahead anyway, pitting Kenyatta against six other candidates, none of whom polled more than 1 percent in August.  Odinga told Reuters that he might consider returning to the Supreme Court for clarification on whether the Oct. 26 poll was legal.   As far as we are concerned, that (original Supreme court) ruling is still valid,  Odinga said during a visit to London.  What we are demanding is that the electoral commission should respect the Supreme Court and carry out elections in accordance with the ruling.  He supported protesters  right to demonstrate, he said, but has so far stopped short of calling people onto the streets himself.  In Nairobi, opposition legislators were repeatedly teargassed as they tried to drive into the city center.  We are asking Uhuru s government to ... let us protest in peace and truth and we are saying we want change and we do not want Uhuru and his people,  said protester Mellen Kirumbo.  In Kisumu, protesters reacted angrily when police turned water cannon on them to prevent them from entering the city center.   Our demonstrations have a (valid) basis and are peaceful,  said Odinga supporter Hezron Tirus Aloyo.  We condemn the directive ... on the limitation of our rights to demonstrate.   The Jaramogi Oginga Odinga hospital in Kisumu, named after Odinga s father, said it had admitted 20 patients injured in the demonstrations. Three had gunshot wounds, said superintendent Juliana Otieno.  Martin Kimani, the Director of the Kenyan government s National Counter Terrorism Centre, said the authorities were trying to maintain law and order.   A lot of those provocations or demonstrations taking place are an attempt to create the appearance of a crisis,  he said.  ",1
17551,Venezuela ex-prosecutor gives U.S. evidence on Maduro officials,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Venezuela s former chief prosecutor Luisa Ortega said on Friday her team had supplied the United States with evidence  compromising  top officials in the leftist administration of President Nicolas Maduro.  The Trump administration has already slapped sanctions on Venezuelan officials for alleged corruption and rights abuses, so news Ortega has been providing information to Washington is likely to irk Maduro s unpopular government.  Asked if she was sharing information about corruption in the Maduro administration with Washington, including graft linked to food imports for the shortages-hit country, Ortega said meetings have taken place.  The prosecutors in Colombia with me ... have been meeting with prosecutors from the United States and some other countries to exchange information,  Ortega told reporters after meeting United Nations rights boss Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein in Geneva.  We ve supplied them with a mix of evidence that compromises high-level government officials,  she said, adding she planned to visit the United States.      Ortega, 59, was removed from her post in August after breaking with Maduro earlier this year in a dramatic split the opposition said evidenced Venezuela s swerve into dictatorship. She went into hiding before fleeing the country on a speedboat to the Caribbean island of Aruba and going on to Colombia.  Since then, she has been traveling around the region denouncing the Maduro government for persecuting her and engaging in corruption.  She has said she has evidence that Maduro was involved in graft with Brazilian construction company Odebrecht and also profited off food imports to her country where millions are unable to eat three square meals a day.  Socialist Party officials have denied Ortega s allegations. The Venezuelan government says Ortega failed to tackle corruption while she was in office and instead ran an extortion ring that allowed culprits to pay in exchange for getting off the hook. Ortega has rejected those accusations as politically motivated.  Ortega, who was Venezuela s chief prosecutor for over a decade, long adhered to the ruling Socialist Party line and her office spearheaded the jailing of political foes. Two years ago she said she assumed she was on the U.S. State Department s list of Venezuelan officials who would be denied visas and have property confiscated there due to alleged rights abuses and corruption.  Ortega s public change of heart came in March when she condemned the Supreme Court s usurping of powers from the opposition-controlled congress, a move that was quickly partially overturned.    ",1
17552,Syrian fighter pilot on trial for espionage in Turkey returns to Syria,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A Syrian fighter pilot who was detained after crashing in southern Turkey in March has returned to Syria after a Turkish court released him on Friday, Syrian TV reported. The pilot, Mehmet Sufhan, faced trial in Turkey charged with espionage and violating border security after he crashed in the border province of Hatay. He was found by a search team, treated at a local hospital and detained. Turkish media said on Friday that a criminal court in Hatay had released him, but that legal proceedings were continuing.  Several hours later Syrian TV reported that Sufhan was back in Syria, saying his return was the result of  vigorous attempts and intensive efforts.  It was not immediately clear whether Sufhan would come back to Turkey for his trial, which was set for Oct. 25, according to Sufhan s attorney, Anil Cevahir Can.  Sufhan s release will hopefully help rebuild bridges of friendship between Syria and Turkey,  Can added. ",1
17553,Trump strikes blow at Iran nuclear deal in major U.S. policy shift,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump struck a blow against the 2015 Iran nuclear agreement on Friday in defiance of other world powers, choosing not to certify that Tehran is complying with the deal and warning he might ultimately terminate it. Trump announced the major shift in U.S. policy in a speech in which he detailed a more aggressive approach to Iran over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs and its support for extremist groups in the Middle East. He accused Iran of  not living up to the spirit  of the nuclear agreement and said his goal is to ensure Tehran never obtains a nuclear weapon, in effect throwing the fate of the deal to Congress.  He singled out Iran s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps for sanctions and delivered a blistering critique of Tehran, which he accused of destabilizing actions in Syria, Yemen and Iraq.  We will not continue down a path whose predictable conclusion is more violence, more terror and the very real threat of Iran s nuclear breakout,  Trump said. Trump s hardline remarks drew praise from Israel, Iran s arch-foe, but was criticized by European allies. The move by Trump was part of his  America First  approach to international agreements which has led him to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord and the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade talks and renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico. His Iran strategy angered Tehran and put Washington at odds with other signatories of the accord - Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China and the European Union - some of which have benefited economically from renewed trade with Iran. Responding to Trump, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Friday on television that Tehran was committed to the deal and accused Trump of making baseless accusations.  The Iranian nation has not and will never bow to any foreign pressure,  he said.  Iran and the deal are stronger than ever.  European allies have warned of a split with the United States over the nuclear agreement and say that putting it in limbo as Trump has done undermines U.S. credibility abroad, especially as international inspectors say Iran is in compliance with the accord.                 The chief of the U.N. atomic watchdog reiterated that Iran was under the world s  most robust nuclear verification regime.   The nuclear-related commitments undertaken by Iran under the JCPOA are being implemented,  Yukiya Amano, director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency said, referring to the deal by its formal name. U.S. Democrats expressed skepticism at Trump s decision. Senator Ben Cardin said:  At a moment when the United States and its allies face a nuclear crisis with North Korea, the president has manufactured a new crisis that will isolate us from our allies and partners.  While Trump did not pull the United States out of the agreement, he gave the U.S. Congress 60 days to decide whether to reimpose economic sanctions on Tehran that were lifted under the pact. If Congress reimposes the sanctions, the United States would in effect be in violation of the terms of the nuclear deal and it would likely fall apart. If lawmakers do nothing, the deal remains in place. Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker was working on amending the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act law to include  trigger points  that if crossed by Iran would automatically reimpose U.S. sanctions. The trigger points would address strengthening nuclear inspections, Iran s ballistic missile program and eliminate the deal s  sunset clauses  under which some of the restrictions on Iran s nuclear program expire over time.  Trump directed U.S. intelligence agencies to probe whether Iran might be working with North Korea on its weapons programs. The president, who took office in January, had reluctantly certified the agreement twice before but has repeatedly blasted it as  the worst deal ever.  It was negotiated under his predecessor, former President Barack Obama. Trump warned that if  we are not able to reach a solution working with Congress and our allies, then the agreement will be terminated.   We ll see what happens over the next short period of time and I can do that instantaneously,  he told reporters when asked why he did not choose to scrap the deal now. The Trump administration designated the entire Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps under an executive order targeting terrorists. The administration stopped short of labeling the group a Foreign Terrorist Organization, a list maintained by the State Department. The Revolutionary Guard is the single most dominant player in Iran s security, political, and economic systems and wields enormous influence in Iran s domestic and foreign policies. It had already previously been sanctioned by the United States under other authorities, and the immediate impact of Friday s measure is likely to be symbolic. The U.S. military said on Friday it was identifying new areas where it could work with allies to put pressure on Iran in support of Trump s new strategy and was reviewing the positioning of U.S. forces. But U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said no changes in force posture had been made yet, and Iran had not responded to Trump s announcement with any provocative acts so far. ",1
17554,Iran says will respond strongly to any action against its military forces: TV,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran said on Friday it would retaliate against any action targeting its armed forces and accused the United States of violating the spirit of the 2015 nuclear deal reached between Tehran and six major powers. U.S. President Donald Trump is expected later on Friday to take a major step against the nuclear deal, laying out a more aggressive approach to Iranian activities in the Middle East that risks upsetting U.S. ties with European allies.  Iran will strongly respond to any action against its military forces, including the Revolutionary Guards Corps,  Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qasemi was quoted as saying by state TV. A senior U.S. official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said on Friday that steps Trump is reviewing as part of a broader strategy also include imposing targeted sanctions in response to Iran s ballistic missile tests, cyber espionage and backing of Lebanese Hezbollah and other groups on the U.S. list of foreign terrorist organizations. The U.S. administration earlier this year considered, but then put on hold, adding the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, Iran s most powerful internal and external security force, to the U.S. list. Qasemi said Iran will continue building up its ballistic missile capability in defiance of Western criticism, with Washington saying the Islamic Republic s stance violates the nuclear deal with the powers.  Iran s missile program is only for defensive purposes ... we are determined and serious about expanding it,  he said. Qasemi also warned about possibility of pulling out of the deal.  Iran always acts based on its interests and will continue to do so. If necessary, we can also withdraw from the deal,  Qasemi said.  ",1
17555,Mother of Rwandan president's challenger tells court of torture,"KIGALI (Reuters) - The mother and sister of a prominent critic of Rwanda s president said on Friday all three of them had been tortured and deprived of food as they were held in jail on charges of forgery and inciting insurrection. Adeline Rwigara told a court she and her daughters were handcuffed day and night. She is being held alongside her daughter Diane Shima Rwigara, a 35-year-old accountant who tried to stand against President Paul Kagame in August elections. Diane Rwigara, who is accused of faking the registration papers for the election, was eventually barred from running and Kagame went on to win with 98.8 percent of the vote. She has repeatedly accused Kagame of stifling dissent and criticized his Rwandan Patriotic Front s tight grip on the country since it fought its way to power to end Rwanda s 1994 genocide.  Kagame has repeatedly denied cracking down on dissent. Justice minister Johnston Busingye on Friday declined to comment of the torture allegations, saying they were a matter for the court.  Since August 29, I and my children were tortured,  Adeline told the panel of three judges.  We were handcuffed day and night, without eating or drinking,  Adeline said, adding they had once gone without food and medication for a week. Diane s younger sister Anne said the family has also been kept in solitary confinement.  Imagine staying in a closed room for 24 hours without access to fresh air. At least allow us to bask in the sun for 30 minutes and be visited,  she said. Diane Rwigara was in court but did not speak. Their lawyer Buhuru Pierre Celestin told the court that their confinement violated international conventions. In response, prosecutors told the court that the defendants  rights were respected, without commenting on the torture allegations. On Tuesday, Human Rights Watch said the government routinely and unlawfully detained and tortured detainees with beatings, asphyxiations, mock executions and electric shocks. Asked by Reuters to respond to Rwigara s torture accusations, Minister of Justice Johnston Busingye said:  Issues raised in court are determined by the court. If there is a claim of torture in court, the court is the proper place to examine it and determine what happened.  The trial will resume on Monday. ",1
17556,"U.S. to maintain Cuba, Venezuela sanctions until freedoms restored: Trump","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday the United States would maintain sanctions on Cuba and Venezuela until they restore political and religious freedom.  We re confronting rogue regimes from Iran to North Korea and we are challenging the communist dictatorship of Cuba and the socialist oppression of Venezuela,  Trump told a conservative political conference.  And we will not lift the sanctions on these repressive regimes until they restore political and religious freedom for their people.  ",1
17557,Israel buoyed by Trump tack against Iran atom deal but sees long way to go,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel was upbeat about U.S. President Donald Trump s anticipated announcement on Friday of major steps against the international nuclear deal with Iran, but voiced doubt that the tougher tack by Washington could turn around Tehran. While the White House s distaste for the 2015 pact may be sweet to the ears of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, his government is mindful of the limits of any unilateral U.S. action in the face of dissent from other big power signatories. Some Israeli officials quietly question whether Washington has the will to follow through, noting what they deem insufficient U.S. efforts to stem the entrenchment in next-door Syria of Iran-allied forces helping Damascus in the civil war. Trump was expected to say in a 1645 GMT speech that he will not re-certify the nuclear agreement in light of Iran s ballistic missile projects and involvement in regional trouble-spots. That would give the U.S. Congress 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions on Tehran that were suspended in return for it rolling back technologies with nuclear bomb-making potential.  Netanyahu spokesmen declined to comment on the pending speech. A veteran Israeli cabinet minister from Netanyahu s Likud party sounded cheered by Trump s resolve, but appeared to note the depth of partisan rifts around the U.S. administration.   The outcome that could happen, and this is the only positive outcome we can see at this stage, is that Congress manages to come together around new, significant sanctions,  the minister, Tzachi Hanegbi, told Tel Aviv radio station 102 FM.  (That) will confront a lot of gigantic international companies which are today streaming to the Iranians ... with a dilemma of having to choose between the Iranians and trading with the world s biggest economy, which is the United States.  Netanyahu has lobbied hard against the Iran deal, delivering a speech in Congress shortly before it was signed that angered then-U.S. President Barack Obama. Addressing the U.N. General Assembly last month, Netanyahu urged world powers that negotiated the deal to  fix it or nix it.  He called specifically for cancelling a core  sunset clause  that removes caps on Iran s nuclear projects after a number of years.  Asked about the sunset clause in the radio interview, Hanegbi gave no indication Israel believed it would be reviewed. He noted the resistance that Trump s new measures faced from European powers, Russia and Iran, which has threatened to quit the nuclear deal if the U.S. imposes new sanctions against it. Iran, Hanegbi assessed,  will not yield at all - period - in other words, not just not within 60 days, but neither within 60 months or 60 years, because they really do not believe that the world will reverse course. They look rather mockingly at the United States.   But he added,  If the United States reverses course and begins a process of building delegitimation for the agreement, it could be that the world, part of the West, will join it in a process that could take time ... There is still a long way to go until the dangers of this deal pass.  Israel is believed to have the Middle East s only nuclear arsenal with about 200 warheads and sees Iran s nuclear activity as a threat to its existence. It refuses to confirm or deny that it has nuclear weapons. There has been dissent within Israel over the nuclear deal, with several Netanyahu ex-advisers grudgingly coming out in its favor. His former defense minister, Ehud Barak, told the New York Times on Wednesday:  Like many Israelis, I think the Iran deal is a bad deal. But it is a done deal.  Barak warned that any U.S. withdrawal from the agreement would not be followed by other world powers and could prompt Iran - which denies seeking nuclear weapons - to work on a bomb. Hanegbi dismissed such predictions as  nonsense .   Iran has no interest in withdrawing from the agreement (because that) would immediately unite Russia and China to the United States  against it, he told the radio station. He noted - as have U.N. nuclear inspectors - that the Iranians  have not budged a hair s breadth from their commitments under the deal . ",1
17558,Kenya's Odinga says October poll would be illegal,"LONDON (Reuters) - Kenya s opposition leader Raila Odinga said on Friday his withdrawal from a presidential election rerun scheduled for Oct. 26 meant the poll had been  canceled  and there should be fresh nominations for a new vote. Odinga said that based on a 2013 Supreme Court ruling, Kenya s Independent Electoral Boundaries Commission (IEBC) now had 90 days to accept new nominations following his withdrawal this week from the rerun against President Uhuru Kenyatta. Kenyatta and Odinga were due to return to the polls because the Supreme Court nullified Kenyatta s win in an Aug. 8 election, citing procedural irregularities.   But Odinga s withdrawal this week has thrown the country into political turmoil. A regional and trade gateway, Kenya is East Africa s richest economy and an important Western ally in the fight against militant Islamists in the region. The opposition leader said he could return to the Supreme Court to seek a clarification, but if the IEBC went ahead with the Oct. 26 election it would be  in breach of the law .  If it goes ahead it is not an election, it is a selection,  Odinga told Reuters in an interview during a visit to London.  This must be done right in the interest of electoral democracy in our country.   As far as we are concerned, the elections are canceled and we expect that the IEBC will return to the process of nominations shortly,  he said. Odinga s withdrawal had fueled speculation about whether the vote would go ahead at all. But on Wednesday, the election board said the polls would be held as planned and all eight of the original candidates would be on the ballot. Only Odinga and Kenyatta polled more than 1 percent in the August election. Odinga said the only relevant law now was the Supreme Court decision of 2013 stating that if a presidential election were nullified, the election commission would hold a ballot in which the president-elect and the petitioner were the only candidates.  That law also goes on to say that if one of the candidates dies or pulls out, the election commission is obligated to carry out fresh nominations. That is where we are right now,  he said.   What we are demanding is that the electoral commission should respect the Supreme Court and carry out elections in accordance with the ruling,  Odinga said.  If need be we will go for clarification.  In 2013, Kenyatta defeated Odinga in a hotly contested election. Odinga challenged the decision in the Supreme Court, which ruled that Kenyatta had won fairly. The standoff over the elections has sparked demonstrations, but the numbers of protesters has tended to be in the hundreds rather than the thousands. Earlier on Friday, police used teargas to disperse demonstrations in Kenya s three main cities, and shot dead two protesters in the southwestern country of Siaya, a local official said. On Thursday, the government banned demonstrations in the centers of the capital Nairobi, the port city of Mombasa and the western city of Kisumu, an opposition stronghold. The interior minister said demonstrators had damaged and looted property. Odinga said he supported the right of Kenyans to demonstrate enshrined in the constitution and accused heavy policing for any outbreak of violence.  (The government) are talking about a benevolent dictatorship - we can assure them that the people of Kenya will not take it lying down,  Odinga said.      The government sending the police to stop the people by throwing teargas and using live bullets, they are basically violating the fundamental rights of the people ... I support the exercise of their fundamental right.  ",1
17559,Kurd forces move back defense line around Kirkuk in disengagement effort,"KIRKUK, Iraq (Reuters) - Kurdish forces have moved back their defensive line around the oil region of Kirkuk in northern Iraq by 2 km (1.2 miles) to reduce the possibility of friction with nearby Iraqi forces, security sources in the region said on Friday. The Peshmerga, as the Kurdish force is known, withdrew from positions in the areas of Taza and Bashir, about 10 km south of Kirkuk, overnight, they said. Iraqi security forces moved into some of the positions evacuated in an orderly manner, without any clashes, they said.  The areas of Taza and Bashir are mainly populated by Shi ite Turkmen, many of whom are loyal to the Shi ite led-government in Baghdad and affiliated to Iranian-backed political parties and paramilitary groups. ",1
17560,"U.N. condemns anti-gay crackdowns in Egypt, Azerbaijan, Indonesia","GENEVA (Reuters) - Azerbaijan, Egypt and Indonesia have all unjustly arrested dozens of people during anti-gay crackdowns in recent weeks, subjecting many to mistreatment in custody, the United Nations human rights office said on Friday.  Arresting or detaining people based on their actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity is by definition arbitrary and violates international law,  U.N. human rights spokesman Rupert Colville told a news briefing. In Azerbaijan, more than 80 lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender (LGBT) people have been arrested since mid-September and the U.N. has received allegations that some were subjected to electric shocks, beatings, forced shaving and other forms of humiliation to force them to incriminate themselves before being released, Colville said. There was no immediate comment from authorities in Baku. More than 50 people have been arrested so far in Egypt s widest anti-gay crackdown, a swift zero-tolerance response to a rare show of public support for LGBT rights in the conservative Muslim country. Two were arrested for waving rainbow flags at a concert and one for a Facebook page, Colville said.  In some cases, individuals were reportedly arrested after being entrapped by law enforcement officials on apps and in internet chat rooms. Charges include  habitual debauchery ,  inciting indecency and debauchery , and  joining a banned group ,  he said.  At least 10 men in Egypt have been sentenced to between one and six years imprisonment, while most others await trial and a few have been released, Colville added. In Indonesia, more than 50 people were arrested at a sauna in Jakarta last Friday, Colville said. Four men and one woman were charged under the country s pornography law, a vague statute used to arrest people for consensual same-sex relations, he said.  In all three countries, authorities have alleged that those arrested were involved in sex work   although in almost all cases the accused have denied such allegations or indicated that they were coerced into confessing involvement,  Colville said. He called for the release of people detained on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity and for authorities to drop charges based on vague or discriminatory laws, and to repeal such legislation.  ",1
17561,Austrian election tests conservative star stealing far right's thunder,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austrians elect a new parliament on Sunday in a test of whether a young conservative star has succeeded in halting the resurgence of the far-right Freedom Party after a campaign in which immigration has been the dominant issue.  Many voters feel the country was overrun in Europe s migration crisis in 2015, when it took in about 1 percent of its population in asylum seekers.  By taking a hard line that has left little daylight between him and the Freedom Party (FPO), Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz, 31 has dislodged it from first place in opinion polls and he is the favorite to become Austria s next leader. Polls show the FPO in a close race for second place with the Social Democrats, who Kurz and his party have been at loggerheads with in the current coalition government.  That gives the FPO, which currently has a fifth of seats in parliament and is in government in two of Austria s nine provinces, a good chance of entering a national coalition.   It s still not certain that he (Kurz) will win with this (strategy). In my view first place is still open. We ll have to see what the last-minute movements are,  said Christoph Hofinger, a political analyst and pollster who puts together the most-watched projection on election night.  It could be that in the end, and this has been a theory of mine for a long time, it also serves the FPO that their issues and their views on these issues are firmly at the center of the campaign.  The Freedom Party has good chance of entering government for the first time since it became a junior partner to the People s Party (OVP) in 2000, when it was led by the late Joerg Haider, who praised Hitler s employment policies.  That prompted sanctions from the rest of the European Union and a wave of street protests.  More than 15 years later, few expect a similar uproar if the FPO did enter government, partly given the rise of similar movements in countries such as France and Germany. Heinz-Christian Strache s FPO wants to shut certain sectors of the economy to non-EU workers, limit the proportion of foreign pupils per classroom and deport foreign convicts to their home countries. Kurz, who triggered the snap election by calling an end to the coalition with the Social Democrats, has also frequently returned to the theme of immigration, pledging to avoid a repeat of 2015, when Austria and Germany threw open their borders to a wave of refugees and other migrants.  He wants to cap benefits for refugees at well below the standard level. Opinion polls have been remarkably similar for months, showing Kurz s People s Party in first place on around a third of the vote, with the FPO and Chancellor Christian Kern s Social Democrats competing for second on around a quarter of the vote. The FPO secured 20.5 percent in the last vote in 2013. Pollsters have said more than 10 percent of voters are likely to remain undecided until the last moment. A poll last weekend put the proportion of undecided voters at 27 percent. Social Democrats  campaign was already struggling to hit its stride when it became embroiled in a smear scandal. The party chairman stepped down two weeks ago, saying that, without his knowledge, the party had been involved in anti-Kurz websites. Despite that setback, poll ratings have barely moved, raising questions about the extent to which the scandal was felt outside the political bubble in Vienna. The SPO has also accused a member of Kurz s staff of trying to bribe a member of its campaign team, and both sides are taking legal action against each other.    That could play into the hands of the FPO, which denounces the near-duopoly those parties have enjoyed - they have governed together for 44 of the past 72 years, and one or other alone for another 17 years.  In the final election debate between the heads of all five current parliamentary parties on Thursday night, the candidates stuck to their core issues. Kern said reaching full employment as his top priority. He has focused his campaign on economic growth, jobs and social justice, seeking to capitalize on an economic recovery that has put the country on track for its fastest growth in six years.  Strache chose stopping immigration itself as his top issue, and Kurz picked what he says is a related topic   protecting the welfare state. Kern and Strache were due to hold their closing rallies on Friday afternoon. Kurz made only brief remarks to campaign workers on Friday.         (For a graphic on Austrian parliamentary election, click tmsnrt.rs/2hKIi65) ",1
17562,Factbox: Austrian parties' red lines and preferences on coalitions,"VIENNA (Reuters) - No party is likely to obtain a majority of votes in Austria s parliamentary election on Oct. 15.  A coalition between two of the three biggest parties   the conservative People s Party (OVP), the Social Democrats (SPO) and the far-right Freedom Party (FPO)   will probably be needed to govern.  Below is a breakdown of polling, positions and comments the parties have made about potential coalitions. Since 31-year-old Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz took over as leader of the OVP in May, his party has consistently attracted support in polls of around 33 percent on a platform dominated by tough rhetoric on immigration. That has dislodged the Freedom Party from the top position in polls it reached in the aftermath of the refugee influx of 2015 and 2016. The Freedom Party is competing with Chancellor Christian Kern s Social Democrats for second place, both at around a quarter of votes in most polls. Polls put the Greens, the liberal Neos and a new party founded by former Greens lawmaker Peter Pilz all on around 5 percent of the vote, above the 4-percent threshold for entering parliament. OVP leader Kurz called an end to the centrist coalition with the Social Democrats, triggering a snap parliamentary election. He has not ruled out any party as a potential coalition partner and has said he will hold talks with  all parties  if his party comes first.  Kurz has avoided setting conditions before the vote apart from saying that any potential partner must be pro-European and not merely  stand by Europe, but also have the desire to shape Europe .    His plans on cutting immigration, reducing the corporation tax burden and streamlining the EU overlap with the Freedom Party s.  The OVP wants a slimmer EU that focuses on its  core competences  such as trade and securing its external borders. In contrast to the FPO, however, Kurz is in favor of more European defense cooperation, which he says would not threaten Austria s neutrality.  The FPO says it would only go into a coalition if it were given control of the Interior Ministry. It also would like to secure the post of foreign minister, but has not made that a fixed condition. FPO leader Heinz-Christian Strache has said the FPO will not enter a coalition with the SPO until a full SPO party conference has lifted the ban on coalitions with his party. The decision to lift the ban was taken by the SPO party leadership. The FPO has also said it would only enter a coalition that results in more referendums or  direct democracy , which is part of the OVP program. Strache has rowed back from the FPO s former stark euroskepticism, but he has called the idea of a  European army  a red line. He says Austria is  at the heart of Europe  but also wants a referendum on Austria s future in the EU if it hands more powers to Brussels or if Turkey accedes to the bloc.  Strache has also ruled out that the FPO will sign up to a coalition headed by the third-placed party if it comes second, as it did in 2000 when it became a junior partner to the OVP. Under Chancellor Christian Kern, the SPO has lifted self-imposed ban on national coalitions with the Freedom Party (the two parties already govern together in Burgenland, one of Austria s nine provinces).  The ban was replaced by a  values compass , which makes principles such as a pro-European position and gender equality pre-conditions for cooperation. Kern has also said the FPO must leave the far-right faction in the European Parliament, which France s National Front is also part of, if it wants to join a coalition with the Social Democrats. In a recent debate with Strache, Kern said the two parties are still  worlds apart .  The Social Democrats favor closer European integration on issues like economic and monetary union and social policy.  ",1
17563,Key figures in future Austrian coalition talks,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s electoral system makes it difficult for any one party to obtain a majority, and the winner of Sunday s parliamentary election will probably need to form a coalition to govern. Support for the frontrunner, the conservative People s Party led by Sebastian Kurz, running at about 33 percent. A coalition between two of the three largest parties is the most likely outcome. Several smaller parties are polling at around 6 percent or lower. The 31-year-old foreign minister expects to lead his party to victory and has avoided committing himself to anything other than holding talks with all sides after the election. He has campaigned on a platform of ending the old compromises of centrist coalitions with the Social Democrats, suggesting he might lean toward the Freedom Party.  But he has also said there could be leadership changes within the losing parties after the election, which could be a hint at a tie-up with the Social Democrats under a new chief. He has repeatedly praised SPO Defence Minister Hans-Peter Doskozil. The former head of the national rail company has been chancellor for less than 18 months and already cuts an embattled figure, his party having been involved in a smear scandal it blames on an adviser he hired. A poor showing on Sunday could put his position at risk. He and Kurz can barely hide their contempt for each other, making it unlikely they would work together. He and Heinz-Christian Strache of the Freedom Party have had some cordial head-to-head debates, though Kern says their parties are still  worlds apart . HEINZ-CHRISTIAN STRACHE, FREEDOM PARTY (FPO) The trained dental technician who has headed the far-right Freedom Party for more than a decade has cut an unusually relaxed figure this election, perhaps because he and his party have a good chance of being kingmaker. He has praised Kern for a more open approach to dealing with him and he has led a campaign that has kept his options open, railing against immigration but also calling for social  fairness , a core issue for the center left. Kurz has accused the FPO and the Social Democrats of holding early talks on forming a coalition, but Strache is a political veteran who is eager to become vice chancellor and is likely to seek real concessions before forming an alliance. Doskozil shot to fame in 2015 as a provincial police chief who oversaw Austria s biggest influx of people during Europe s migration crisis. He was soon appointed defense minister and made his party s pointman on immigration. Doskozil has taken a tougher stance on securing the country s borders, prompting a diplomatic spat with Italy but earning praise from both Strache and Kurz. He is also from the eastern province of Burgenland, where his party and the FPO share power. He would be a strong contender to take over the party leadership if Kern were weakened, though he would most likely be opposed by the party s left wing, based in the SPO stronghold of  Red Vienna . The former Greens leader won a close-fought election against an opponent from the Freedom Party and has said he would seek to prevent Strache from becoming chancellor. He has since rowed back, saying he would merely want any government to be pro-European. What that means for Strache is unclear. His party calls for Brussels to transfer power to member states and says a currency union only makes sense between countries with similar economies.  As head of state Van der Bellen has the power to appoint and dismiss governments, and presidents have previously played a crucial role in forming coalitions. (For a graphic on Austrian parliamentary election, click tmsnrt.rs/2hKIi65) ",1
17564,Factbox: Policies of Austria's main parties in Sunday's election,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s parliamentary election on Sunday involves three large parties polling above 20 percent and a host of smaller parties that polls show on roughly 6 percent or less, with 4 percent being the threshold for obtaining seats. The frontrunner, the conservative People s Party, has been polling on roughly a third of the vote, and it is highly unlikely any party will obtain a majority. The winner will probably need to form a coalition with another large party to govern. Below are policies of the three biggest parties in parliament, taken mainly from their campaign programs.  PEOPLE S PARTY (Conservative, junior coalition partner) Leader: Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz Slogans: Now. Or Never!; This time, Kurz; Time for something new. * Total tax cuts and extra spending of between 11.7 billion and 12.7 billion euros     * Cut income tax on annual earnings up to 60,000 euros * Overhaul corporation tax so that retained profits are not taxed * Cap basic welfare at 540 euros a month for refugees, below the standard amount of roughly 830-924 euros, to end after five years if that person has had a full-time job for 12 months * Bar foreigners from receiving social benefits until they have lived in Austria legally for five years, with the above exception for refugees  * Cap average increases in public spending at the inflation rate * A 1,500 euro  tax bonus  (reduction in income tax) per child * Cut social charges paid by employers by 3 billion euros * Within the European Union, push for: - The EU to focus on  core competences , especially trade and securing external borders - Streamlined structures and a smaller Commission - The Commission s president to be directly elected * Oppose introducing wealth or inheritance taxes  * Introduce a minimum wage of 1,500 euros a month  * Increase the number of referendums, setting aside one to two days a year on which they can be held SOCIAL DEMOCRATS (Centre left, senior coalition partner) Leader: Chancellor Christian Kern Slogan: Get what you re entitled to * Total tax cuts of 5.4 billion euros and spending increases of 4.4 billion euros * Introduce a minimum wage of 1,500 euros a month net of tax * Introduce a tax on inheritances of more than 1 billion euros to fund elderly care    * Reduce workers  income tax and employers  social charges  * Hire 5,000 more teachers and put 2,500 more police officers  on the streets  * Prevent  a sell-off of Austrian high technology  and review takeovers of strategically important companies by firms from outside the European Union * Obtain permission under EU rules to give workers already living in Austria priority for jobs in sectors with high unemployment * Back  the rapid completion of (European) economic and monetary union . * Support the establishment of a common European asylum system     FREEDOM PARTY (Far right, anti-immigration, in opposition) Leader: Heinz-Christian Strache Slogan: Austrians deserve fairness * 12 billion euros in tax cuts, to benefit primarily  Those who make a contribution and families  *  A tax model that leads to a smaller tax burden for those who have more children  * Raise the minimum pension to 1,200 euros a month for people who have paid in for 40 years or more (from 1,000 euros) * Shut certain sectors of the economy to non-EU workers * Introduce a monthly minimum wage of 1,500 euros gross with no added  burden  to employers * Bar foreigners from receiving social benefits until they have paid into the system for at least five years * Hire more police and increase the defense budget  massively  * Limit the proportion of foreign pupils per classroom  * Tougher sentences for sexual and violent crimes * Deport foreign convicts to their home countries * Strip former jihadists of their Austrian citizenship  * Push for Brussels to hand more powers back to member states * Review the European Convention on Human Rights and potentially replace it with an  Austrian Convention on Human Rights * Increase direct democracy based on the Swiss model, and make  veto referendums  possible to block parliamentary legislation ",1
17565,"Border checks to stay in Europe weary of attacks, migration","LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - Border controls inside what should normally be Europe s cherished zone of free travel are here to stay for now, EU ministers said on Friday, citing continued terrorist threats and the need to control migration. Germany, France, Austria, Sweden, Denmark and Norway told their Schengen zone peers they will extend until mid-May internal frontier checks first put in place in 2015 to counter unprecedented levels of migration and Islamist attacks. At a meeting of European Union interior ministers in Luxembourg, Germany s Thomas de Maiziere said Berlin was still committed to freedom of movement,  but at the moment we cannot do without checks.   The reason is the tense security situation in Europe with regards to international terrorism and the still inadequate protection of our external borders,  he said. France, which imposed emergency border controls after Islamist attackers killed 130 people in Paris in November, 2015, also wants to keep them in place.  The issues around terrorism are still extremely important for us,  French Interior Minister Gerard Colomb said.  France wants to extend border controls by six months.  The other four countries announced the same move, citing  serious threat to public policy or internal security  before the authorization to impose the border checks expires next month. Nearly all EU states consider the free-travel Schengen area as a major benefit of decades of European integration, and are keen to avoid disruptions to travel and trade.   But border checks have become the new reality over the last two years and the bloc is working on changing its laws to allow for the introduction of such measures more easily and for longer periods. ",1
17566,EU force helps Bosnian agencies fight terrorists in NATO-backed drill,"SARAJEVO (Reuters) - A military helicopter lands to evacuate people wounded during a police raid against terrorists who took hostages at Sarajevo airport - part of the first joint drill by the EU peacekeeping force (EUFOR) in Bosnia and local army and police.  In the exercise, part of the drill dubbed  Quick Response 2017 , Sarajevo is hit by severe flooding, and EUFOR flies in to help the population. There are also protests across the country and a risk of terrorist groups linked to organized crime rings smuggling arms and fake documents.  This was a realistic exercise and an opportunity to demonstrate that we have capacities, power and determination to quickly and efficiently respond to any security threat,  said Bosnia s Security Minister Dragan Mektic. More than 20 years since the end of its war in the 1990s, Bosnia is still troubled by ethnic politicking and external influences. While separatist aspirations by the Bosnian Serb and Croat nationalists grow stronger, there is also a threat of radicalization among traditionally moderate Bosnian Muslims.  The five-day drill, by the 600- strong EUFOR along with 400 British and NATO troops, also includes reconnaissance and surveillance of wide areas across Bosnia. In 2015, parts of Bosnia were hit by the greatest flooding in a century, leaving thousands without homes and hurting the economy. The same year, two soldiers and a police officer were killed in separate terrorist attacks.  EUFOR was deployed in Bosnia in late 2004, replacing NATO s SFOR force to maintain security after the 1992-95 war. Its mandate has been repeatedly extended.     While Bosnia s central authorities want to join NATO, Bosnian Serbs, who prefer stronger ties with Russia, oppose that and have threatened to hold a referendum on the issue. ",1
17567,Juncker says Catalan split would lead to splintering EU,"LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - European Commission President Jean Claude Juncker said on Friday he did not want Catalonia to become independent, because that would encourage other regions to do the same, making the European Union ungovernable.  If we allow Catalonia   and it is not our business   to separate, others will do the same. I do not want that,  Jean Claude Juncker said in a speech at Luxembourg University.  I wouldn t like a European Union in 15 years that consists of some 98 states,  he continued.  It s already relatively difficult with 28 and with 27 not easier, but with 98 it would simply be impossible.  The EU s statistics agency Eurostat lists the bloc as consisting of 98 major regions. Juncker said he was  very worried  about separatist tendencies in Europe and had encouraged Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy to ensure the situation did not get out of control.  Referring to Catalan calls for EU mediation, he said the Commission could not mediate if only one side asked it to do so. The EU has said it has confidence in Rajoy to resolve what it sees as an internal issue.  If the Commission or European Council President (Donald) Tusk were to get involved with only one party asking for mediation, this would lead to a great rejection of the European Union,  Juncker said.  ",1
17568,Senior Quds force commander says Trump's threats against Iran will damage U.S.: report,"ANKARA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump s threats against Iran will damage the United States, a senior commander in Iran s Quds force, the overseas arm of the powerful Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps (IRGC), was quoted on Friday as saying.  We are not a war-mongering country. But any military action against Iran will be regretted ... Trump s threats against Iran will damage America ... We have buried many ... like Trump and know how to fight against America,  the Tasnim news agency quoted Quds  deputy head, Esmail Ghaani, as saying. The IRGC is Iran s most powerful security entity and wields control over large swathes of Iran s economy as well as considerable influence within its political system.  ",1
17569,Norway plans to send armored unit close to Russian border,"OSLO (Reuters) - Norway said on Friday it planned to send an armored battalion near its arctic border with Russia and buy more tanks and artillery to respond to growing threats. Defence Minister Ine Eriksen Soereide did not mention Russia as she described her minority government s defense plan, and said she did not see a specific, current military threat. But the NATO member and other nearby countries have grown increasingly alarmed about Moscow s ambitions, particularly following its annexation of Ukraine s Crimea region in 2014 and its naval and air force maneuvers in the region.  The security situation has become more challenging and less predictable. This has consequences for how we organize the military,  Soereide told journalists. The plan calls for the armored unit - still referred to as a cavalry battalion - to be stationed in the remote Porsanger district, in the far north on the edge of a long fjord leading into the Barents Sea, which also borders Russia. It also includes more investment in tanks, artillery and long-range precision weapons in the area and other locations further south, together with an extension of the time people have to spend in some national service positions to 16 from 12 months.  We must be able to defend all parts of our country ... this is a clear signal that we have a particular responsibility in the north,  Soereide said. The Russian embassy in Oslo was not immediately available for comment.  Norway s minority government will need to get support from other parties to get the proposals through parliament, but there is a broad consensus on strengthening defenses in the Arctic north. In June, Russia said Norway s decision to extend the presence of U.S. Marines on its soil would worsen relations and could escalate tensions on NATO s northern flank. ",1
17570,Over 500 Anglophones arrested in Cameroon after demonstrations: Amnesty,"YAOUNDE (Reuters) - More than 500 people have been swept up in mass arrests following violent demonstrations in Cameroon s English-speaking regions earlier this month, Amnesty International said on Friday. Troops and attack helicopters opened fire on protesters calling for independence at rallies on Oct. 1, killing more than 20 people and escalating a long-simmering conflict with the Francophone-dominated central government. A central government spokesman was not available for comment on Friday, but authorities have repeatedly denied that soldiers use disproportionate force against protesters.  English-speaking communities in the Northwest and Southwest regions say they suffer economic and social discrimination at the hands of the government of long-time leader President Paul Biya. Amnesty said in a statement that hundreds of people have been arbitrarily detained since the protests in Buea, the capital of Southwest region, including as many as 100 as they walked to church the following week in the Mile 16 area of the city. Some have been charged with secession, others with not possessing identity papers, destruction of public property or failing to respect an order by the governor banning protests and other public activities.  This mass arrest of protesters, most of whom were acting peacefully, is not only a violation of human rights, but is also likely to be counter-productive,  said Ilaria Allegrozzi, Amnesty s Lake Chad region researcher. The protests have rallied opposition against Biya, who has ruled for the last 35 years, and given momentum to the more radical separatist activists, some of them armed, among Cameroon s 5 million English speakers. Amnesty also said local prisons have become overcrowded because of the mass arrests, and some wounded protesters have fled hospitals out of fear of arrest.  Demonstrations in the English-speaking regions began nearly a year ago when Anglophone lawyers and teachers protested against having to work in French, saying it showed the wider marginalization of the English-speaking minority.  Cameroon s linguistic divide is a legacy of World War One, when the League of Nations divided the former German colony of Kamerun between allied French and British victors. ",1
17571,Kenya police shoot dead 2 protesters amid opposition demonstrations,"KISUMU, Kenya (Reuters) - Kenyan police shot dead two people and wounded a third person on Friday when a crowd of opposition demonstrators attempted to storm a police station, a local official in Kenya s southwestern Siaya county said.  County Commissioner Josephine Onunga said a group of around 20 youths had attempted to take over Bondo police station and that officers had been forced to open fire to repel them.  ",1
17572,EU to ban business ties with Pyongyang over nuclear tests,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union is set to agree on Monday to ban business ties with North Korea, part of a new package of sanctions to isolate Pyongyang over its nuclear and missile programs. The practical impact of the moves is likely to be mostly symbolic: Brussels will impose an oil embargo and a ban on EU investment, but it sells no crude to North Korea and European companies have no substantial investments there. North Korean workers in the EU, of which Brussels estimates there are about 400 mainly in Poland, will face a lower limit on the amount for money they can send home and their work visas will not be renewed once they expire. The measures to be agreed by EU foreign ministers in Luxembourg go further than the latest round of multi-lateral sanctions imposed by the United Nations Security Council.  The North Koreans appear to be uninterested in having the EU get involved as a peace mediator,  said an EU diplomat.  The North Koreans want direct talks with the United States, but President (Donald) Trump has ruled that out,  the diplomat said. The sanctions will add three more top North Korean officials and six businesses to a blacklist banning them from travel to the EU and freezing their assets. That will take the total of those sanctioned by the EU to 41 individuals and 10 companies, a senior EU official said. Separately, U.N. sanctions target 63 people and 53 companies and institutions.     We have in place everything that we possibly could do to try to get the DPRK to change their behavior,  the EU official said, using North Korea s official name of the Democratic People s Republic of Korea. Although the EU does not export crude to North Korea, its aim is to push other countries to ban oil exports, either unilaterally or at the United Nations. The U.N. Security Council last month capped North Korean imports of crude oil, but China and Russia resisted an outright ban. Diplomats said that if Pyongyang launches more missiles, the EU could consider imposing sanctions on non-EU firms doing business with Pyongyang, as the United States has done. However, such  secondary sanctions  need clear evidence to avoid legal challenges and the bloc is reluctant to anger China, a top trading partner, by targeting Chinese people and firms. ",1
17573,Kremlin raps U.S.A for not issuing visas to U.N.-bound officials,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin on Friday accused the U.S. authorities of acting in an unacceptable way by not issuing entry visas to a Russian military delegation which had been due to attend a briefing at the United Nations headquarters in New York. A group of senior officers from the general staff of the Russian armed forces could not attend the joint briefing on Thursday with the Chinese military at the U.N. because they had no U.S. visas, said Alexander Emelianov, from the Russian Defense Ministry international cooperation committee.   As a country hosting the United Nations headquarters and its structures, the U.S. authorities bear certain obligations. Certainly, in this case we are very worried by such a situation and consider it unacceptable,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a regular conference call with reporters. ",1
17574,Three skydivers die after suspected mid-air collision in Australia,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Three skydivers were killed in Australia on Friday after what authorities believe was a mid-air collision. Two men aged in their 30s and a woman in her 50s are believed to have collided while skydiving near Cairns in northeastern Australia, police said. Their bodies were found about a mile from the designated landing site.  ",1
17575,Turkish forces set up positions in Syria's Idlib,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Turkey s military has begun setting up observation posts in northwest Syria s Idlib province, its General Staff said on Friday, part of a deployment that appears partly aimed at containing a Kurdish militia.  Turkey sent a convoy of about 30 military vehicles into rebel-held northwest Syria through the Bab al-Hawa crossing in Idlib, rebels and a witness said.  Video distributed by the Turkish army showed what it said was the convoy starting to move on Thursday night, with military vehicles traveling along a road in darkness.  Turkey says its operation, along with Syrian rebel groups it backs, is part of a deal it reached last month with Russia and Iran in Astana, Kazakhstan, to reduce fighting between insurgents and the Syrian government.  The army said its forces in Syria were conducting operations in line with rules of engagement agreed with Russia and Iran.  However, the deployment is also intended to rein in the Kurdish YPG militia, which holds the adjacent Afrin region, a senior rebel official involved in the operation said.   (It is) in line with Astana 6 resolutions to ensure the area is protected from Russian and regime bombing and to foil any attempt by the separatist YPG militias to illegally seize any territory,  said Mustafa Sejari, an official in a Free Syrian Army (FSA) rebel group.  Broadcaster CNN Turk reported on its website that there was a clash in Idlib countryside near the Ogulpinar border post in Turkey s Reyhanli district.  It said the sound of  doshka  (machine-gun) fire from across the border could be heard in Reyhanli district and it was not clear which forces were clashing. The convoy was heading toward Sheikh Barakat, a high area overlooking rebel-held territory and the Kurdish YPG-controlled canton of Afrin, the witnesses said.   President Tayyip Erdogan announced the deployment on Saturday, saying Turkey was conducting a  serious operation  with rebel groups it supports. Turkey has supported rebels fighting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad throughout the war. But since last year Ankara has focused on securing its border, both from jihadists and from Kurdish forces that control much of the frontier area inside Syria.  Sejari, the rebel official, said it was important to contain the YPG to prevent any new military offensive to reach the Mediterranean, something that would require it to capture swathes of mountains held by rebels and Syria s army.  Today we can say that the dream of the separatists to reach the sea and enter Idlib and then to Jisr al-Shaqour and the coastal mountains has become a dream,  he said  Turkey regards the YPG as an extension of the PKK, a Kurdish group inside Turkey that has been waging armed insurgency against Ankara for three decades.   We said we may come unannounced one night, and tonight our armed forces started the operation in Idlib with the Free Syrian Army,  Erdogan said in a speech to his AK Party on Friday.   We are the ones with the 911 km border with Syria, the ones who are constantly under threat,  he added, noting the YPG s presence in Afrin.  As the strongest part of the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), the YPG has received military aid from Turkey s NATO ally the United States to fight Islamic State.  Last year, Turkey launched the Euphrates Shield operation, an incursion into northern Syria alongside Syrian rebel groups to take territory on the frontier from Islamic State.  That operation was also aimed at stopping the YPG using its own advances against IS from linking Afrin with the much larger area it controls in northeastern Syria.  In the area taken by the Euphrates Shield campaign, Turkey has made changes to local governance that indicate it may be laying a foundation for long term ties with that part of Syria. The Astana agreement with Assad s foreign allies Russia and Iran involves reducing fighting in several regions of Syria, including Idlib and adjacent swathes of the northwest, the most populous rebel-held area.  ",1
17576,Xi propaganda kicks into overdrive ahead of China Communist Party congress,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Inside the packed exhibition hall in central Beijing is a showcase of China s recent achievements: the country s first operational aircraft carrier; a gleaming fleet of high-speed trains; happy villagers lifted from poverty. While the display officially celebrates the accomplishments of the Chinese people over the past five years, it is made clear that President Xi Jinping is the man to thank. To enter the exhibition, staged by the Communist Party s propaganda department, visitors pass through a circular antechamber with red walls emblazoned with slogans inspired by Xi s concepts on governance. Hundreds of images of Xi adorn the walls in each of the exhibition s ten halls: in combat fatigues surveying the troops, holding court with foreign dignitaries, even showing his softer side by petting a baby elephant.  By contrast, photographs of other party leaders are much smaller and displayed in less prominent spots. Even a dinner receipt for 160 yuan ($24.25) bearing Xi s name is on display, reflecting his frugality. Alongside radio shows and documentaries lauding Xi s achievements on state television, the exhibition is part of a propaganda push to bolster the stature of China s leader ahead of a key Communist Party Congress on Oct 18. At the conclave, which takes place every five years, Xi is expected to further cement his status as the country s most powerful leader since Mao Zedong. Although it is typical for the party to sell its key achievements ahead of major events, the propaganda effort is the most effusive for a Chinese leader in years. Xi is being lionized as the one responsible for China s recent successes, including an unswerving anti-corruption campaign, a buoyant economy and growing stature on the world stage. The effort appears designed to justify Xi s expanded powers, said Willy Lam, a professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong. In recent years, Xi has stamped his personal leadership on reforms to the military, economy and cyberspace. The Communist Party is trying to show that  only a strongman can marshal the forces and pull off these near-miraculous achievements which he is supposed to have achieved in the past five years,  Lam said. The State Council Information Office, which also acts as the party spokesman s office, did not respond to request for comment. Chinese leaders do not make explicit appeals to the public for support, as, in theory, the Party confers the power of the people onto the leadership. In reality, the images of top leaders are carefully cultivated by the Party s propaganda arm.  An avuncular image of Xi during his early years in office, which led to a folksy nickname -  Xi Dada , or  Uncle Xi  - and syrupy songs about his looks, was stamped out in early 2016 to avoid creating a cult of personality. Kitschy souvenirs, like mugs and plates with images of Xi and his wife, the famous singer Peng Liyuan, have become harder to find. Censorship of images that mock Xi, including an internet meme that plays on his supposed likeness to Winnie the Pooh, the cartoon character, has also tightened in recent months.  Still, personal touches have not completely disappeared from Xi s carefully crafted public image. On Sept 1, the 30-year anniversary of Xi and Peng s marriage, a WeChat account posted an article of old photos and personal details about the couple. A source with direct knowledge of the matter said the account was run by an official reporter who travels with Peng whenever she accompanies Xi overseas and is designed to share select details of the first couple s life together. For the most part, the latest wave of propaganda casts Xi as all business, focusing on his dedication, his aptitude and his personal role in guiding China into a new stage of development. One documentary on state television applauded Xi s prowess on the global stage. Foreign Minister Wang Yi published an essay in an official newspaper saying his contributions to diplomacy had transcended 300 years of western theory on foreign affairs. A popular section of the Beijing exhibition is devoted to Xi s pledge to transform China s military into a world-class fighting force, including a display of model missile launchers, battleships and the Liaoning aircraft carrier, all under a giant red flag.  It s inspiring,  said one visitor, a retired automation engineer who only wanted to be identified by his surname, Ma.  The speed of China s development has been very quick, and the ordinary people have benefited.  A book on Xi, a 452-page collection of interviews of his years in rural Shaanxi province during the Cultural Revolution, has also been heavily promoted in recent months. Some of the anecdotes are reminiscent of Party mythology about heroes who selflessly work for others - such as Lei Feng, an idealized soldier of the Mao Zedong era who was upheld as a model citizen after his death. In the book, villagers who knew him say Xi showed signs of greatness even then, describing in one anecdote how he led villagers to dig a well so they had access to drinking water.   It was icy cold to the bone but Jinping was down the well, his legs deep in the mud,  one villager, Liang Yuming, said.  He d work for a long time, until he really couldn t take it any more.  ",1
17577,Spain 2018 economic growth forecast at risk due to Catalonia: deputy PM,"MADRID (Reuters) - The Spanish economy could grow less than initially expected in 2018 due to uncertainty over Catalonia, Deputy Prime Minister Soraya Sainz de Santamaria said on Friday. The wealthy region s intention to break away after a referendum has plunged Spain into its worst political crisis since an attempted military coup in 1981.  The events that we are experiencing in Catalonia make us more prudent,  Sainz de Santamaria said after the weekly cabinet meeting.  In fact, if there were no quick solution to this issue we should be forced to lower expectations of economic growth for the year 2018,  she said. The government expects Spain s economy to grow 2.6 percent in 2018. The deputy prime minister also said that hotel reservations in Catalonia were currently falling 20 percent to 30 percent. ",1
17578,Russia's Lavrov to Iran's Zarif: Moscow committed to Iran nuclear deal,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Friday told his Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif that Russia remains fully committed to the Iran nuclear deal, Russia s foreign ministry said in a statement. Lavrov told Zarif in a telephone conversation that Moscow was firmly determined to implement the deal in the form in which it was approved by the United Nations Security Council, the ministry said. ",1
17579,Kremlin sees 'extremely negative' consequences if U.S. quits Iran nuclear deal,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - If the United States withdraws from the Iran nuclear  deal, this will have extremely negative consequences, and Iran is likely to quit the agreement as well, the Kremlin said on Friday.  Certainly, this will damage the atmosphere of predictability, security, stability and non-proliferation in the entire world,  President Vladimir Putin s spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters. He said Russia would continue its policy to ensure the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons. ",1
17580,Teenager to stand trial in March over London bomb attack,"LONDON (Reuters) - A teenager who moved to Britain after his parents were killed in Iraq will go on trial in March over a bomb attack on a packed commuter train that injured 30 people in London in September. Ahmed Hassan, 18, is accused of intent to kill and cause serious injury by planting a home-made bomb at Parsons Green station in London. The bomb shot flames through a carriage but failed to fully explode. Hassan appeared via video link at London s Central Criminal Court on Friday where a judge said a two week trial would start on March 5. He is set to appear in court next on Jan. 19. ",1
17581,Joy mixed with caution in Gaza after Palestinian unity deal,"GAZA (Reuters) - It didn t take long after the firework smoke cleared in Gaza for some Palestinians to start questioning whether a unity deal between their two most powerful factions would hold. Thousands took to the streets overnight celebrating the pact between Fatah and Hamas sealed in Cairo. Loudspeakers blasted national songs as youngsters waving Palestinian and Egyptian flags danced and hugged one another.   I am happy, no I am the happiest,  Ali Metwaly, a 30-year-old computer engineer, said the morning after.  But I am still afraid it will end in disappointment. My leaders have taught me they can easily disappoint us. I hope they don t, this time.  Under the reconciliation pact, Hamas is handing over administrative control of Gaza, including the Rafah border crossing - once the main gateway to the world for the two million Palestinians in the territory - to a government backed by the mainstream Fatah party. A decade ago, Hamas forces seized the Gaza Strip from Fatah forces in a brief civil war. Past Egyptian mediation attempts to reconcile the two rivals failed to achieve lasting results. The latest clinched its elusive agreement after an economic squeeze on Hamas. Analysts said the deal is more likely to stick than earlier ones, given Hamas s growing isolation and realization of how hard Gaza - its economy hobbled by border blockades and infrastructure shattered by wars with Israel - was to govern and rebuild. For Huwaida al-Hadidi, a 34-year-old mother-of-seven, economic relief cannot come soon enough.     Like about 250,000 other people in the territory, her husband is unemployed. Unable to pay their rent, the family has been living in a tent since their landlord evicted them three days ago.  Now that they signed a reconciliation deal, God-willing the blockade will be lifted and people will find work and be able to earn a living for their children,  she said. Control of the Gaza border crossings with Israel and Egypt by the Fatah-dominated Palestinian Authority, which exercises limited self-rule in the occupied West Bank, could allow freer movement of people and goods across the frontier. And under the agreement, about 3,000 Fatah security officers are to join the Gaza police force, although Hamas would remain the most powerful armed Palestinian faction, with around 25,000 well-equipped militants. Hamas and Fatah are also debating a potential date for presidential and legislative elections and reforms of the Palestine Liberation Organization, which is in charge of long-stalled peace efforts with Israel. The last Palestinian legislative election was in 2006, when Hamas scored a surprise victory. That triggered the political rupture between Hamas and Fatah, which eventually led to their short civil war in Gaza. Palestinian political commentator Mustafa Ibraham said with major issues, such as an election date and agreement on a common political agenda, still outstanding, Palestinians should be cautious.  Important details were postponed and open for interpretation and disagreement,  he said in a Facebook post. Hamas, which has fought three wars with Israel since 2008 and is considered a terrorist group by the West, has said it will not abandon the  arms of resistance . Israel has said Hamas must disarm, or the reconciliation will be meaningless. ",1
17582,"'They have to pay', EU's Juncker says of Britain","LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - Britain must commit to paying what it owes to the European Union before talks can begin about a future relationship with the bloc after Brexit, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said on Friday.  The British are discovering, as we are, day after day new problems. That s the reason why this process will take longer than initially thought,  Juncker said in a speech to students in his native Luxembourg.  We cannot find for the time being a real compromise as far as the remaining financial commitments of the UK are concerned. As we are not able to do this we will not be able to say in the European Council in October that now we can move to the second phase of negotiations,  Juncker said.  They have to pay, they have to pay, not in an impossible way. I m not in a revenge mood. I m not hating the British.  The EU has told Britain that a summit next week will conclude that insufficient progress has been made in talks for Brussels to open negotiations on a future trade deal. London has been hoping and pressing for this to happen at the summit. ",1
17583,'Time is running out:' Germany urges UK to move in Brexit talks,"BERLIN (Reuters) - It is up to Britain to move Brexit talks forward, Germany said on Friday, warning that  time is running out  for London to negotiate the deal it wants. A day after the EU s chief negotiator, Michel Barnier, said the talks were deadlocked over money and could not progress to discussions about future trade ties, German government spokesman Steffen Seibert urged Britain to act before an EU summit in December. EU leaders will discuss Brexit at that meeting, Seibert said.  This means Great Britain still has it in its own hands whether there will be enough progress so that the second phase of negotiations can be started.   British Prime Minister Theresa May told parliament on Monday it was up to the European Union to move talks to the next phase, saying:  the ball is in their court . But her spokesman said on Friday that May would have  more to say  on the financial settlement at an EU summit next week. Germany s biggest industry group has advised companies active in Britain to make provisions for a  very hard Brexit  as London lacked a clear strategy. German Chancellor Angela Merkel says London should not expect a special deal, and that it is more important to keep the remaining 27 member states together. ",1
17584,Iran parliament speaker: nuclear deal will collapse if U.S. quits - agencies,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - If the United States leaves the Iran nuclear deal, this will be the end of this international agreement, the TASS news agency  cited Iranian parliament speaker Ali Larijani as saying on Friday. Larijani, in Russia s second largest city of St Petersburg for an international parliamentary forum, also said that Washington s withdrawal from the nuclear deal could lead to global chaos, TASS reported. Iran hopes that Russia will play a role in resolving the situation around the nuclear deal, Larijani said meeting Vyacheslav Volodin, the speaker of the Duma lower house of Russia s parliament, the Interfax news agency reported. ",1
17585,UK PM May could have more to say on Brexit money at EU summit: spokeswoman,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May could have more to say on the Brexit financial settlement at next week s European Union summit, her spokeswoman said on Friday. Brexit talks are deadlocked over money, the EU s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said on Thursday. He ruled out discussions on future trade being launched by EU leaders next week but spoke of possible progress by December.  On financial settlement in general, the prime minister has been clear all along that we need to reach a settlement and we will honor our commitments,  May s spokeswoman told reporters.  The prime minister will be in Brussels next week where she will be talking to European leaders at the European Council so I am sure that there will be more to say there.  May s spokeswoman said that the detail of the financial settlement was for the negotiation and that the issue could  only be resolved as part of the settlement of all of the issues that she spoke about in Florence . ",1
17586,"English language exit talk was only banter, says EU's Juncker","LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker was only joking when he said the English language was on the way out in Europe due to Brexit, he said on Friday.  Slowly but surely English is losing importance in Europe,  Juncker told a conference in Florence in May, speaking in English before then switching to French and drawing applause from his audience. Asked on Friday if French would indeed be the future language of Europe, Juncker said in English:  It s always dangerous to make jokes about that.   I gave a speech in Florence in May and I was saying as English is slowly disappearing from Europe I will express myself in French. The French were happy. The British - I had a shitstorm coming from the other side of the Channel,  he told students in his native Luxembourg.  Juncker has had something of a love-hate relationship with Britain since becoming head of the EU executive almost three years ago in the face of objections from then Prime Minister David Cameron. Brexit has however raised some questions about the future status of English within the bloc, since once Britain leaves it will not be the official language of any member state for EU purposes.  It is a native language in Ireland and Malta but countries can only nominate one for EU use and they chose Gaelic and Maltese respectively. The EU recognises 24 official languages and three   English, French and German   as working languages. In French, Luxembourg-born Juncker added:  I think that the European Union s linguistic regime gives the different languages equality, except Luxembourgish.  ",1
17587,Arrested U.S. consulate worker in Turkey meets lawyer,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A U.S. consulate worker detained by Turkish authorities last week saw his lawyer on Friday.  We had the necessary meeting with my client,  lawyer Halit Akalp told Turkish television channels as he left a jail complex at Silivri, west of Istanbul.  There were no restrictions on our meeting.  Metin Topuz was arrested over alleged links to the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, accused by Ankara of orchestrating last year s coup attempt. His arrest sparked a dispute between the NATO allies and suspension of visa services. ",1
17588,Taiwan seeks to build soft power with retooled southbound policy,"TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan is seeking to boost its regional soft power by throwing its weight behind dozens of companies investing around Asia and by promoting areas such as education and tourism as it looks to reduce its economic reliance on China.  The self-ruled island is stepping up its presence in the region at a time when relations between Taipei and Beijing have nosedived since Tsai Ing-wen of the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party won the presidential election last year.  Taiwan must play an even more active and prominent role in order to participate in the future of the region,  Tsai said at an international policy-related forum in Taipei this week.  Redefining Taiwan s role in the region is one of my highest priorities as president.   Taiwan is targeting deeper economic and political relations with 10 countries from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), six South Asian countries, as well as Australia and New Zealand, a move some analysts say will likely further rile Beijing.     Tensions have risen since Tsai assumed office in May 2016, with Hong Kong seizing nine Singaporean armored vehicles in November after military exercises in Taiwan. China warned foreign countries against maintaining military ties with Taiwan, which it views as a wayward province.  In addition, Panama and Sao Tome and Principe have broken diplomatic ties with Taiwan in favor of China, leaving Taiwan with just 20 countries with which it maintains formal relations. Seventy well-known companies, including Cathay Life Insurance Co, Century Iron and Steel Industrial Co Ltd and Kenda Rubber Industrial Co are considering fresh or expanded investments in the region, according to an economic ministry official. A Cathay spokesman confirmed the company is eyeing opportunities in Southeast Asia, while Century Iron and Steel plans to expand its existing investments in Myanmar, according to a spokesman.   Kenda Rubber, which has projects in Vietnam and Indonesia,  is considering investments in other regional markets, particularly India, a spokesman said.   Taipei said it will provide such companies with greater consulting services and investment protection for their overseas operations and has earmarked an additional T$2.81 billion ($93 million) in its 2018 budget for the policy, 63 percent more than this year.        The policy features new initiatives, including visa-free travel for visitors from several countries, scholarships and internships for overseas students, and a plan to train 1,000 doctors in Taiwan over a four-year period. The push has already seen some success. Taiwan exports to 18 southbound countries grew their fastest in five years, up 13.5 percent in the first half of 2017.  The number of students from southbound countries to Taiwan rose 9.7 percent in the 2016 academic year versus the previous year, while southbound tourist visits climbed 36.7 percent in the first half.    Government officials acknowledge, however, more work needs to be done.   The policy s goal is broad and ambitious,  Minister John Deng, who oversees the policy s implementation, told Reuters.  To deepen the relationships, it s a long road.   Since its inception in 1994, the original southbound policy has been heavily focused on trade and overseas investments.  Tsai s  new  southbound policy is concentrated on several industries, particularly medical cooperation, industrial supply chains, regional agriculture, industry talent cultivation, and innovation-based industries.   The government is reviewing investment agreements with the Philippines and Vietnam, Deng said, and hopes to review agreements with all other southbound partner countries. The Philippines and Indonesia are big markets with stronger growth potential and are the most likely destinations for Taiwanese companies to expand, said Ma Tieying, a DBS economist.        Taiwan s attempts for a stronger regional presence will nevertheless face challenges, including resistance from China, which is heavily promoting its own  Belt and Road  initiative. Taiwan s official stance is that it will work alongside China s own push into the region, but an unpublished strategy recommendation paper guided by a presidential advisor and seen by Reuters, described China s attitude toward the new southbound policy as  antagonistic .  China is likely to pressure big companies in order to influence Taiwan s cross-strait policy direction, the paper said.   China s Taiwan Affairs Office referred a question on the new southbound policy to a response it gave in May, in which it said any moves that  run counter to the rules of economic development and are only based on considerations of political aims will only harm Taiwan s economy and the interests of Taiwanese businesses .  Already, at least one Taiwan university, National Sun Yat-sen University, has faced difficulties setting up an educational center in the Philippines. It was told by more than one Philippines university that a  Taiwan  facility on campus would not be feasible due to China s preferences, according to two people familiar with the matter.  Instead, the center was set up in a business district in Manila.  When contacted by Reuters, National Sun Yat-sen University said it met difficulties securing office space from partner universities. In the future, it hopes to give students broader educational opportunities including ones specific to Taiwan s language and culture, according to Chih-wen Kuo, Vice President for international affairs at the university.   No matter what Taiwan does, China will think that Taiwan is acting behind the scenes to gain something politically or diplomatically,  said Titus Chen, an associate professor at National Sun Yat-sen University.  Beijing will likely do its utmost to frustrate Taiwan s industrial and educational investment moves.  ",1
17589,Pakistani-American faces extradition hearing on NYC attack plot,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - A Pakistani court on Friday delayed the extradition hearing of a Pakistani-American man accused of plotting attacks in New York City for Islamic State without fixing a new date, the man s lawyer said. Talha Haroon, 19, was arrested in Pakistan in 2016 after U.S. authorities identified him as one of three men, along with a Canadian citizen and a man from the Philippines, planning attacks on Manhattan s Times Square and the city s subway. His lawyer and family deny the charges. Haroon s lawyer termed the investigation a sting operation carried out by an investigating officer motivated by career advancement.   The FBI projected this as a high-level story, but these people don t have the qualifications to kill a monkey,  said the lawyer, Idrees Ashraf.  Ashraf said his client was only in contact with the investigating officer but never directly spoke with the co-accused, raising serious doubts about the nature of the investigation.   According to the criminal complaint, the FBI agent communicated with Talha online, and has said he was active in IS, but no proof of militant links has been provided,  Ashraf added.  One of the accused men, 19-year-old Canadian citizen Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy, has been in U.S. custody since May 2016. He pleaded guilty to terrorism charges in October 2016, prosecutors said. The third accused, 37-year old Russel Salic, was arrested in the Philippines in April, according to the office of Acting U.S. Attorney Joon Kim. Prosecutors say Salic maintained a pro-Islamic State social media presence, told the undercover officer he had been communicating with El Bahnasawy, and sent the officer about $423 from the Philippines to help pay for the attacks. Haroon has been in custody for more than a year without being charged. A bail plea will be filed for his release at the hearing once a date is set, his attorney said.   He was one of the best students in his school,  Haroon s father said, adding that Talha moved to Pakistan in 2014 after finishing high school.   He is naive and speaks from his heart,  Ashraf added.  He is not the sort of boy who can commit such brutal acts.   U.S. prosecutors said they expect Haroon and Salic to be extradited to face the charges, which include conspiracy to commit acts of terrorism and to support a terrorist organization. If convicted of the most serious charges, they face a maximum sentence of life in prison. ",1
17590,Death toll from worst Vietnam floods in years rises to 54,"HANOI (Reuters) - At least 54 people died and 39 went missing as destructive floods battered northern and central Vietnam this week, the disaster prevention agency said on Friday.  Vietnam is prone to destructive storms and flooding due to its long coastline. A typhoon wrecked havoc across central provinces just last month.  The floods that hit Vietnam this week starting on Monday are the worst in years, state-run Vietnam Television quoted agriculture minister Nguyen Xuan Cuong as saying.  Nineteen people from four neighboring households in Hoa Binh were buried alive early on Thursday after a landslide struck around midnight on Wednesday, but only nine bodies have been found, the disaster agency said in a report.  Some 317 homes have collapsed in floods and landslides this week, while more than 34,000 other houses have been submerged or  damaged.  More than 22,000 hectares (54,300 acres) of rice have also been damaged and around 180,000 animals killed or washed away.    Floods have also affected seven of 77 provinces in Thailand, Vietnam s neighbor to the west, that country s Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation said on Thursday.  More than 480,000 hectares (1.2 million acres) of agricultural land Thailand have been hit, the department said.  ",1
17591,"China banking regulator, Hubei chief front runners to head central bank: sources","BEIJING (Reuters) - China s top banking regulator Guo Shuqing and veteran banker Jiang Chaoliang are front runners to succeed Zhou Xiaochuan, the country s longest-serving central bank head who is likely to step down next year, according to multiple sources familiar with the matter.  The leadership reshuffle at the People s Bank of China (PBOC) is closely watched in global financial markets as monetary policy changes and any moves to further liberalize the financial system of the world s second-large economy would have repercussions well beyond China s shores. The 69-year-old Zhou has spearheaded financial reforms and boosted the yuan currency s global clout, as well as the central bank s policy influence, since taking up his post in 2002. Zhou is likely to retire around the time of the annual session of parliament next March, according to the seven sources with ties to the leadership and close to the central bank.  Guo, chairman of the China Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC), whose rich experience and reformist credentials are similar to Zhou s, is seen as more qualified for the job, the sources said. However, Jiang, the Communist Party chief of Hubei province, has the backing of some top leaders and is seen as having a roughly equal chance of getting the post, they noted.  The PBOC and the CBRC did not respond to Reuters  requests for comment, while officials at Hubei Communist Party committee s propaganda department declined to comment.   Yi Gang, 59, a PBOC vice-governor who has a PhD in economics from the University of Illinois, is the leading in-house candidate to replace Zhou but is not seen as a frontrunner.  Yi is a well-trained economist who is supported by Zhou, but his background as a  sea turtle  - a colloquialism for Chinese who have returned from overseas - means he is less likely to gain the full trust of China s leaders, the sources said.  One of the sources, who correctly predicted a reshuffle of the country s top banking, securities and insurance regulators in 2011, said that Guo is most favored, helped by his understanding of the financial markets and the global economy.  His appointment would boost confidence,  the source added.      Guo, 61, was summoned back to Beijing in February to lead the CBRC after serving as governor of Shandong province for four years - his second regional stint after serving as a deputy governor of Guizhou province in the late 1990s. Under Guo s leadership earlier this year, the CBRC started what was widely dubbed a  regulatory windstorm  to force banks to cut debt, but he later eased up after the move fueled fears of a liquidity crunch. [nL4N1I63IR] Guo, a philosophy major and once a visiting scholar at Oxford University, has served as a deputy central bank governor and as the top foreign exchange regulator, and steered China Construction Bank Corp to a successful share listing. As a top stock market regulator, Guo cemented a reputation as an economic reformer. Still, Jiang, who has also alternated between top financial and provincial posts, remains a formidable challenger for Guo, the sources said. The 60-year-old Hubei party chief, who has had stints as an assistant central bank governor and head of China Development Bank, the country s largest policy bank, emerged as a possible successor to Zhou relatively recently. Jiang has been credited with helping to transform the state-owned Bank of Communications, which had been plagued by bad debt, into a bank with a stronger balance sheet that then listed in Hong Kong and Shanghai.  Jiang is not a dark horse, his resume is very good and he has been proved to be very capable,  said one of the sources. Whoever takes the helm of the central bank will face tough challenges as he will have to walk a tightrope between ensuring economic stability and pushing reforms to rein in debt risks. Zhou has been steering broad financial and currency reforms, loosened controls on interest rates and moved away from what had effectively been a yuan peg to the U.S. dollar - a step along the path to turning it into a global currency on a par with the greenback.  In terms of international investors, Guo may offer more continuity,  said Rob Subbaraman, Nomura s chief economist and head of global markets research for Asia-ex-Japan.   That s really what he represents - continuity of wanting to, over time, move to a more liberalized capital and financial market, and trying to ensure very good regulation and supervision.  Zhou stayed on past retirement age after he was appointed a vice chairman of the top advisory body to parliament in 2013, a move that made him a national leader.  The PBOC still has limited policy independence despite growing influence under Zhou.  Unlike western central banks, the PBOC does not have the final word on adjusting interest rates and the value of the yuan. The basic course of monetary and currency policy is set by the cabinet or by the Communist Party s ruling Politburo. ",1
17592,Germany seeks to maintain unity if U.S. decertifies Iran nuclear deal,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The German government on Friday vowed to work for continued global unity if U.S. President Donald Trump announces that he will not certify Iran s compliance with a 2015 nuclear accord negotiated by world powers, as expected.  We have a great interest in the continuation of this international unity. If ... an important country like the United States comes to a different conclusion as appears to be the case, we will work even harder with other partners to maintain this cohesion,  government spokesman Steffen Seibert told reporters. Trump is to deliver a speech at 12:45 p.m. EDT (1645 GMT) to announce a confrontational new approach to U.S. policy toward Iran. In a big shift, he is expected to say he will not certify Iran s compliance with the nuclear deal. ",1
17593,Hong Kong leader can't rule out barring even former governor Patten as China flexes muscles,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hong Kong s leader denied on Friday that China had taken over immigration controls in the city after a British activist was refused entry, but she couldn t rule out barring even the last colonial governor and frequent China critic, Chris Patten. Chief Executive Carrie Lam defended Hong Kong s autonomy amid deepening questions over the Chinese-ruled financial hub s reputation as a free and international city, after a Conservative Party rights activist, Benedict Rogers, was barred from entering on Wednesday. When asked on a radio talk show whether Patten, who has criticized perceived Chinese interference in Hong Kong affairs, would be the next to be barred, Lam stopped short of ruling it out.  I can t exclude any possibilities because immigration matters will change depending on the case,  she told public broadcaster RTHK. Patten, who spoke extensively during a recent Hong Kong visit and was critical of the jailing of several democracy activists, has angered some in the pro-Beijing establishment. Britain handed Hong Kong back to Chinese rule in 1997 amid promises that its widespread freedoms and autonomy would be respected under a  one country, two systems  formula. But China s Foreign Ministry said it had the right to allow or refuse any persons wanting to enter Hong Kong, in response to Rogers  case, as this was a matter of state sovereignty. The promise of autonomy is enshrined in the mini-constitution, known as the Basic Law, that creates a separate Hong Kong legal and policing regime, including immigration controls. But China has sovereign control over defense and foreign affairs - which critics fear Beijing is exploiting to erode the city s freedoms.   I want to clarify any worries ... that this whole matter of immigration is now being taken over by the Central People s Government. That s certainly, definitely not the case,  Lam said.  The case has to be regarded and treated and fall under what constitutes a foreign affairs matter.  Patten did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment. China lodged a diplomatic complaint with London after British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson demanded an urgent explanation from Hong Kong and China for Rogers  expulsion.      The case has also sparked outcry from the city s pro-democracy activists, including former number two official Anson Chan, who said Beijing was using the case to send a message. Local English newspaper The Standard wrote in an editorial on Friday that  if the situation is allowed to evolve into such a state that whoever disliked is barred, it could be the moment we begin to lose our international appeal .The U.S. Consulate in Hong Kong also expressed concern.  We urge China to respect Hong Kong s high degree of autonomy consistent with the principle of  one country, two systems ,  U.S. consulate spokeswoman Kristin Haworth told Reuters.  The Chinese Embassy in London, in an email reply to Reuters late on Thursday, did not respond directly to Rogers  allegation that it had warned him through a middleman that he could be refused entry to Hong Kong.       It is a matter of Chinese sovereignty whether or not to allow entry of any foreigners,  it said, echoing the foreign ministry.  ",1
17594,South African Supreme Court upholds reinstating 783 corruption charges against Zuma,"BLOEMFONTEIN, South Africa (Reuters) - South Africa s Supreme Court of Appeal on Friday upheld a High Court ruling to reinstate nearly 800 corruption charges filed against Jacob Zuma before he became president. Zuma, who has faced and denied numerous other corruption allegations since taking office, said he was disappointed by the court s decision and asked the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) to  consider representations  before deciding whether to proceed against him. It was unclear when the NPA would make a decision on the charges, which relate to a 30 billion rand ($2 billion) government arms deal arranged in the late 1990s. The ruling is likely to amplify calls for Zuma, 75, to step down before his term as president ends in 2019 and diminish his influence over who succeeds him when the ruling African National Congress (ANC) chooses a new leader in December.  It is going to make it a lot more difficult for his camp to get their presidential candidate elected,  said Gary van Staden, political analyst with NKC African Economics.     Friday s unanimous Supreme Court ruling upheld a High Court decision in April 2016 that the charges against Zuma should be reinstated. They had been set aside in April 2009 by the then-head of the prosecuting authority, paving the way for Zuma to run for president later that year.  Rejecting an appeal brought by Zuma and the NPA, Judge Lorimer Leach said it was  irrational  for the NPA to have set the charges aside   the same word used by the High Court.  It is difficult to understand why the present regime at the NPA considered that the decision to terminate the prosecution could be defended,  the Supreme Court s Leach said. NPA spokesman Luvuyo Mfaku said prosecutors would need to consider the judgment but would  at all times do the right thing within the confines of the rule of law and in the interest of proper administration of justice . In a separate statement, the NPA said Zuma s lawyers had asked the state prosecutor  not to serve an indictment on his client nor to re-enrol the matter prior to the representations having been considered . The prospect that Zuma s removal may be inching closer lifted the rand against the dollar. Zuma is unpopular with many investors after sacking respected finance minister Pravin Gordhan in March, a move that hit South African financial assets and helped tip the country s credit ratings into  junk  territory.             Zuma has faced persistent corruption allegations, most recently over leaked emails that suggest his friends the Gupta family may have used their influence to secure lucrative state contracts for their companies. Reuters has not independently verified the emails, and Zuma and the Guptas have consistently denied any wrongdoing. Mmusi Maimane, leader of the main opposition Democratic Alliance, said he would write to the National Director of Public Prosecutions, Shaun Abrahams, to demand he indict Zuma.  The charges have been formulated and the evidence is ready. We now await a trial date,  Maimane told reporters. Asked by reporters whether Zuma should resign, the African National Congress (ANC) Secretary General Gwede Mantashe said the party would allow that process to take its course.  The first thing is whether the NPA will decide to charge the president,  he said.  You re putting the cart before the horse.  National prosecutor Mokotedi Mpshe s decision in 2009 to drop the 783 charges against Zuma in what has become known as the Spy Tapes case was based on phone intercepts presented by Zuma s legal team. They suggested the timing of the charges in late 2007 may have been part of a political plot to stop Zuma, then deputy president, running for the top job. Zuma was linked to the 1990s arms deal through his former financial adviser, who was jailed for corruption.  Analysts said the credibility of Zuma and the NPA were in question after the ruling. One lawyer, Ulrich Roux, who speaks to media as a legal analyst, said  a private prosecution could be instituted  if charges are not brought. ",1
17595,Juncker says does not want Catalan independence,"LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - European Commission President Jean Claude Juncker said on Friday he did not want Catalonia to become independent as it would encourage other regions to do the same and make governing the EU too complicated.  If we allow Catalonia   and it is none of our business   to separate, others will do the same. I do not want that,  Jean Claude Juncker said in a speech at Luxembourg University. He said he was  very worried  about separatist tendencies in Europe and had encouraged Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy to ensure the situation was brought under control.  Referring to Catalan calls for EU mediation, he said the Commission could not mediate if only one side asked it to do so. The EU has said it has confidence in Rajoy to resolve what it sees as an internal issue. ",1
17596,New poll shows Philippine president still hugely popular,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte retained a high public approval rating in an opinion poll released on Friday, a stark contrast to a different survey earlier this week that showed a sharp decline in trust and satisfaction in the maverick leader. Eighty percent of 1,200 Filipinos surveyed by pollster Pulse Asia late last month said they trust and approve of Duterte slightly down from 81 percent and 82 percent respectively in its June survey.   Approval  rates the president s performance and  trust  relates to his personality in the Pulse survey, which did not ask respondents to give a reason. A poll by Social Weather Stations conducted at the same time and released on Sunday showed trust and satisfaction in Duterte - also ratings of personality and performance - fell to the lowest of his presidency. The falls by 15 points and 18 points respectively were significant, and came after a demonstration by thousands of Filipinos and unprecedented public scrutiny on his war on drugs, triggered by the Aug. 16 killing by police of a teenager. Thousands of Filipinos have been killed during the past 15 months. Police insist none were executed, as activists have alleged. Duterte this week ordered police to stand down from the campaign but has not said what motivated his decision. His office said that was to shift focus towards bigger targets. Analysts were unable to explain the big difference in the results of surveys by two well-respected pollsters. Academic Edmund Tayao said the Pulse poll showed the public still recognized the importance of the war on drugs, and Duterte would stick to his policy agenda.  The president s tone does not change, regardless of the numbers,  Tayao said.  Whether these surveys will result in major changes to his policy, I think not.  Ranjit Rye of the University of the Philippines said the latest poll showed that, despite recent setbacks and adverse headlines, Duterte had not lost his appeal.  Despite all the political noise, all the opposition against the president, he continues to be wildly popular and people approve of his leadership,  Rye said. Presidential spokesman Ernesto Abella said there was  an enormous amount of appreciation  for Duterte, and suggested the earlier poll may have been  some form of orchestrated information, disinformation .   It s not for us to speculate. But there seems to be that particular effort in order to the put the president and his administration in a particular light,  he told reporters. ",1
17597,China's most-wanted fugitive jailed for eight years for graft,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A Chinese court on Friday jailed the country s number one most wanted fugitive for eight years for graft and taking bribes, state media said. Yang Xiuzhu, a former deputy mayor of Wenzhou city in the booming eastern province of Zhejiang, gave herself in to Chinese authorities late last year, returning from the United States after spending 13 years in hiding. China ranked Yang top in a 2015 list of its 100 most wanted graft suspects who were targeted with Interpol red notices. Many on the list had fled to the United States, Canada or Australia. Some 48 have since returned to China. Yang s prison sentence and a fine of 800,000 yuan  ($121,500) was announced by the People s Intermediate Court in Hangzhou, the official Xinhua news agency said on social media. The court gave Yang a reduced sentence as she had expressed regret, pleaded guilty and actively returned her illegal gains, as well returned to China, Xinhua reported. In under three years in her position at the construction bureau, Yang had embezzled nearly 20 million yuan in public funds and had accepted over 7 million yuan in gifts. Just under 27 million yuan of this had been recovered, the court said. It was not possible to reach Yang or a representative for comment. President Xi Jinping s war on graft has spread beyond China s borders with overseas searches dubbed Operation Fox Hunt and Sky Net hunting down officials and business executives who fled overseas with their assets. Wary that suspects might not get a fair trial and that accusations may be politically motivated, some developed nations have been hesitant to comply with Beijing s requests to return people to China. Yang told Reuters in 2015 that she was innocent and called the most-wanted list a political document targeting enemies of the current regime rather than a roster of criminals. ",1
17598,"Former friend Malaysia halts all imports from North Korea, data shows","KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysia, which until recently had been one of Pyongyang s closest friends, has halted all imports from North Korea, as part of global efforts to cut off funding over its nuclear and missile programs. Malaysia did not buy any goods from North Korea in June and July, after buying 20.6 million ringgit ($4.89 million) worth of goods in the first five months of the year, according to data from the Department of Statistics.  Malaysia s ties with North Korea have deteriorated since the February assassination of Kim Jong Un s estranged half brother at Kuala Lumpur international airport, which the United States and South Korea say was ordered by the North Korean leader. Kuala Lumpur last month banned its citizens from traveling to North Korea, two weeks after Prime Minister Najib Razak met with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House. The visit gave Najib a political boost at home, with his popularity suffering over a massive scandal at a state investment fund, which the U.S. Department of Justice is investigating. Trump told reporters after meeting with Najib at the White House last month that Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak  does not do business with North Korea any longer, and we find that to be very important.  Malaysia had been a key source of revenue for the North. Citizens from both countries enjoyed visa-free travel. Malaysia was host to hundreds of overseas workers. More importantly were operations that funneled money to the regime. Reuters reported earlier this year North Korea s spy agency, the Reconnaissance Bureau, was running an arms operation out of Kuala Lumpur.  Malaysia s halt to North Korean imports came ahead of drastic U.N. and U.S. sanctions last month that ramp up export bans and penalize companies and individuals doing business with North Korea.  The United Nations on Sept. 11 banned North Korea s lucrative textile exports as well as all joint ventures with North Koran individuals or entities. Trump issued an executive order 10 days later penalizing any company or person doing business with North Korea by cutting off their access to the U.S. financial system, freezing their assets or both.     Other Southeast Asian nations have similarly reduced imports from North Korea. The Philippines said last month it has suspended trade with North Korea to comply with sanctions.  Thailand s imports from North Korea dropped to $400,000 between January and August, compared with $1.8 million in the same period last year, according to data from the commerce ministry.  Indonesia, on the other hand, increased its imports from  North Korea to $1.8 million in January-July before the latest round of sanctions, versus $910,000 in the same period last year.  Secretary of state Rex Tillerson, on a swing through Southeast Asia in August, urged countries to do more to cut funding streams for North Korea.  For instance, North Korean front companies were using Bangkok as a regional hub, changing their names frequently, Assistant Secretary for East Asian and Pacific Affairs Susan Thornton told reporters during Tillerson s visit to Bangkok in early August. [nL4N1KU2LA Malaysia s past imports from North Korea ranged from big ticket items such as coal, medical devices and light emitting diodes to even crabs, noodles, cloth hangers and fire extinguishers. A U.S. government official told Reuters Malaysia has assured the United States it does not import from Pyongyang anymore.  Malaysia s trade ministry did not respond to requests for comment. Malaysia had been one of the few countries increasing its imports from North Korea in recent years - from a mere 1,183 ringgit ($311) in 2012 to 8.2 million ringgit in 2016.  An unusual purchase this year was coal, which Malaysia bought right after China, the top buyer of the North s minerals banned imports of the commodity in February. A U.N. report in September said North Korea had diversified its coal exports to other countries after the China ban. Malaysia bought $3.4 million worth of coal in March and $16.6 million worth of coal tar products, data showed. The March purchase was the first time Malaysia had bought coal from North Korea since at least 2012. While imports have stopped, Malaysia has continued exports to North Korea. Exports included palm oil, food and medical supplies worth 4.4 million ringgit between January and July.  ",1
17599,"Russia, Saudi Arabia close to sign S-400 missile deal: Ifax cites Putin aide","MOSCOW, MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia and Saudi Arabia are on track to sign a contract on supplies of Russia s advanced S-400 air defense missiles to Riyadh, the Interfax news agency cited an aide to Russian President Vladimir Putin as saying on Friday.  The talks are ongoing now, the terms are being agreed,  the agency cited Vladimir Kozhin as saying. He said the contract could be signed  in the nearest time,  giving no further detail. ",1
17600,Turkey issues detention warrants for 115 people in post-coup probe: Anadolu,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish authorities issued detention warrants for 115 people across 15 provinces over alleged links to last year s failed coup attempt, the state-run Anadolu news agency said on Friday. The operations were aimed at breaking up the  financial structuring  of the network of U.S.-based Fethullah Gulen, Anadolu said. Ankara blames Gulen for orchestrating the July 15 coup attempt last year and has repeatedly demanded the United States extradite him, so far in vain. Gulen denies involvement. In the aftermath of the coup, more than 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial and some 150,000 have been sacked or suspended from their jobs in the military, public and private sector. The extent of the purges has unnerved rights groups and Turkey s Western allies, who fear President Tayyip Erdogan is using the abortive putsch as a pretext to stifle dissent. The government, however, says the measures are necessary due to the gravity of the threats it is facing following the military coup attempt, in which 240 people were killed. ",1
17601,"Philippine anti-narcotics chief warns of drugs war slowdown, police target assassins","MANILA (Reuters) - The head of the Philippines  anti-narcotics agency on Friday warned of a reduced intensity in the country s war on drugs after a removal of police from the campaign, which he hoped would only be temporary as his unit lacked manpower. Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA) chief Aaron Aquino said he had only a fraction of the personnel and budget of police, and hoped President Rodrigo Duterte s decision to make his agency responsible for all operations would not be lasting.   I know the public has high expectations but I am asking the public for understanding because of our limitations,  he said in a radio interview.  I hope this is just a temporary arrangement, we need the police.  Amid unprecedented scrutiny of police conduct, the mercurial Duterte issued a memorandum on Tuesday ordering police to withdraw. The authorities said the shift in strategy was to go after big drug syndicates. National police chief Ronald dela Rosa on Friday said police could now focus efforts on catching mysterious gunmen who were assassinating drug users, to disprove allegations by human rights groups that police were behind such killings. Police say they have killed 3,900 people in their anti-drugs operations over the past 15 months and deny allegations by activists that many of those were executions. Police say they used deadly force in each of those cases, because suspects were armed and had resisted arrest. In a tirade on Thursday loaded with profanity and aimed at his foreign and domestic critics, Duterte said deaths during PDEA s operations were far less than police, and hoped  bleeding hearts  would be satisfied with his decision. PDEA s Aquino said the public might notice a slowdown in operations. He planned to ask for a bigger budget, to add 1,000-1,500 agents a year until 2022, adding it was unrealistic to expect the PDEA to fight the problem with its small numbers.  PDEA has about 2,000 personnel, 1,100 of which are agents, compared to more than 175,000 police nationwide. Amid anger over a high-profile kidnap and murder case involving police, Duterte suspended police from the drugs war in January and put PDEA in charge. He reinstated police soon after, saying drugs had flooded back to the streets.  In an interview with CNN Philippines, police chief Dela Rosa suggested Duterte s shift in strategy might have been a response to opinion polls that showed some public unease about the crackdown. A survey on Sunday showed a significant slide in Duterte s ratings, but another one by a different pollster, released on Friday, showed he was still hugely popular. Dela Rosa said police were winning the campaign, having cut the drugs supply, made 113,000 arrests and convinced what he said were 1.3 million people to surrender. However, he said it was  not a total victory . He said police would concentrate on stopping the shadowy gunmen on motorcycles who were killing drug users, which police have often described as vigilante murders. Such killings are among the 2,600 murders since July last year that police believe may have been drug-related.  People think these are also policemen, so I want these people stopped and arrested,  Dela Rosa said.  We are intensifying intelligence, maximizing police visibility to stop these criminals. We have to shoot them before they can shoot their targets.  ",1
17602,Turkey's Erdogan says no problem with Russian S-400 purchases: Haberturk,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - President Tayyip Erdogan said there was no problem with Turkey s planned purchase of Russian S-400 surface-to-air missile systems and talks have also been held on the S-500 system, Haberturk and other newspapers reported on Friday. His Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was quoted on Monday as saying NATO member Turkey could seek a deal to acquire a missile defense system with another country if Russia does not agree to joint production of the defense shield. Speaking to reporters as he returned on his plane from a trip to Ukraine and Serbia, Erdogan said there would be no joint production in the first stage of S-400 purchases, but in the second stage  God willing we will take joint production steps , Haberturk reported.   In our talks with (Russia President Vladimir) Putin we are not thinking of stopping with the S-400s. We have had talks on the S-500s too,  he added, referring to a missile system currently under development. Ankara s decision to buy the S-400s has been seen in some Western capitals as a snub to NATO, given tensions with Moscow over Ukraine and Syria, while the deal raised concern because the weapons cannot be integrated into the alliance s defenses. However, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said this week Turkey was not seeking to antagonize the U.S.-led alliance by purchasing the system and is in talks with France and Italy to buy similar weapons. ",1
17603,"India eyes airport in Sri Lanka, near Chinese Belt and Road outpost","COLOMBO/NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India is in advanced talks with Sri Lanka to operate an airport on the southern tip of the island, where China has invested heavily as part of its Belt and Road initiative, a Sri Lankan minister said. Sri Lanka s civil aviation minister, Nimal Siripala, said the country had been looking for alternative investors in the Hambantota area, where China has built a seaport and is in discussions to build an investment zone and a refinery.  It was during this time India came up with a proposal,  Siripala said Monday.  They were ready for a joint venture with the Airport and Aviation Services Limited,  he said, referring to the state-run company that runs Sri Lanka s main airport in the capital Colombo and the one in the south, in Mattala. The town of Hambantota sits near one of the world s busiest shipping lanes and is an important part of the Belt and Road initiative, aimed at building trade and transport links across Asia and beyond to Europe. China runs the seaport with a 99-year lease and was planning to expand its footprint in the area with the refinery, which would be Sri Lanka s largest, and an investment zone of about 6,000 hectares (15,000 acres).  Beijing s projects, backed by loans extended by the Chinese government and initiated by a previous Sri Lankan government,  have faced widespread opposition in Sri Lanka. Local residents facing eviction to make way for the projects have staged numerous protests. Other critics say the Sri Lankan government signed up for unnecessary and loss-making projects, pushing the country into long-term indebtedness. India has offered to set up a joint venture with Sri Lanka to manage and expand facilities at the loss-making Mattala airport, which sits adjacent to the Hambantota seaport, according to Siripala and an Indian government source, who requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter. There was no immediate response from the Indian foreign ministry to a request for comment on the airport deal. The initial investment would be $293 million, of which India will provide 70 percent on a 40-year lease, according to a Sri Lankan cabinet paper reviewed by Reuters that details the Indian plan to make the airport viable. The airport, built at a cost of $253 million by China, which also provided $230 million of funding, gets one flight a day, from Dubai, and has been dubbed the world s emptiest airport for its long, empty corridors. The Indian government source said India had proposed establishing a flying school and a maintenance hub at Mattala to boost airport revenues while it builds up traffic. There are also hopes the airport could be a destination for Indian tourists.  We are trying for a large integration of the Sri Lankan and Indian eco-systems, we want to boost tourism in our two countries,  the source said. China said it was not aware that Sri Lanka was considering allowing India to manage the airport. China also put in a bid to operate the facility, but the two sides failed to agree on financial terms.  China hopes the relevant country does more to play a constructive role in increasing mutual trust and cooperation between nations in the region and promoting regional peace, stability and development,  the Chinese foreign ministry said in response to an email request for comment.  India and Sri Lanka have centuries-old ethnic and cultural bonds, but these frayed amid New Delhi s support for Sri Lanka s Tamil minority during the island s 26-year civil war, which ended in 2009. China was among the first countries that stepped in to help in the post-war reconstruction of Sri Lanka, building roads, power stations and ports. By 2014, Chinese navy submarines were also docking in Colombo, raising alarm in New Delhi and prompting a push by the administration of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to claw back influence in the region. The Indian source said New Delhi would allow Sri Lanka to determine the size of the Indian stake in the airport venture and whether it would involve state or private companies. However, some opposition groups are concerned that turning to India is equally fraught with risk. Dullas Alahapperuma, an opposition member of parliament, said the government was making a mistake by handing over national assets to China and India in Hambantota.  In the end, there could be dangerous consequences,  he  said. On Tuesday, police detained three opposition MPs protesting in Hambantota against the airport lease plan. The three included Namal Rajapaksa, the son of Mahinda Rajapaksa, the former president who signed the construction deal with China. Siripala, the aviation minister, said any deal to give India the right to manage the airport was purely commercial and would not compromise Sri Lanka s security interests. ",1
17604,Thai monks receive alms to mark a year since death of King Bhumibol,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand on Friday held a nationwide Buddhist almsgiving ceremony to mark the passage of a year since the death of its revered King Bhumibol Adulyadej, a father figure to the nation during a reign that spanned seven decades.  As many as 199 Buddhist monks in orange robes participated in the event at Siriraj Hospital in Bangkok, the capital, where the king spent most of his twilight years being treated for various ailments before his death last year on Oct. 13.  The monks filed past hundreds of Thais clad in mourning black, receiving packages of biscuits and bottled water, among other items, in large brass alms bowls, as a way of amassing merit for the  people s king , who helped shape the Southeast Asian nation in the decades after World War Two.   We ll remember his goodness and follow his every footstep,  said one of the mourners, Laksana Lueprasert, 65, her voice breaking as she said the feeling of loss would never fade from her heart.   He is gone, but we still keep him in our thoughts to this day,  said Manee Chawalitnate, 58.  At Bangkok s Government House, Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha led government officials and media in a similar ceremony that observed 89 seconds of silence, to mark the king s age if he had lived until his birthday on Dec. 5. Rows of monks prayed amid portraits of the king bordered with yellow marigold flowers. The nationwide ceremony precedes a royal cremation function on Oct. 26 at the Grand Palace, where Thais will bid the king a final farewell.  Though steeped in ancient traditions, the funeral, which will run five days, will allow greater participation by the public than those of previous kings.  Artisans have spent 10 months working in Bangkok s ancient quarter to build an elaborate cremation site fashioned after a vision of heaven. King Maha Vajiralongkorn, or Rama X, succeeded his father and has overseen sweeping changes to the royal household, including the running of palace finances. ",1
17605,"Kidnapped U.S.-Canadian couple, three children freed in Pakistan","ISLAMABAD/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A kidnapped U.S.-Canadian couple and their three children born in captivity have been freed in Pakistan, nearly five years after the couple was abducted in neighboring Afghanistan, Pakistani and U.S. officials said on Thursday.  American Caitlan Coleman and her Canadian husband, Joshua Boyle, were kidnapped while backpacking in Afghanistan in 2012 by the Taliban-allied Haqqani network, which the United States has long accused Pakistan of failing to fight. U.S. President Donald Trump, who has been highly critical of Islamabad, praised Pakistan s cooperation with the U.S. government over the freeing of the hostages, saying it represented  a positive moment  for U.S.-Pakistan relations.  The Pakistani government s cooperation is a sign that it is honoring America s wishes for it to do more to provide security in the region,  Trump said in a statement. Trump s chief of staff, John Kelly, drove home the dire conditions that the family had been subjected to during its long captivity.  They ve been essentially living in a hole for five years,  Kelly said.  That s the kind of people we re dealing with over there.  It was unclear how precisely the Pakistani military secured the family s release, which came after the United States shared intelligence about the hostages  location. It was also unclear when the family would return home. Two U.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, told Reuters that the U.S. military had been ready to fly the family out of the country but said Boyle, who is Canadian, had refused to board the aircraft.  Boyle had once been married to the sister of an inmate at the U.S. military detention center at Guantanamo Bay. The marriage ended and the inmate was later released to Canada.  As of Thursday evening, there was no indication the family had left Pakistan. Boyle s parents said he told them by phone he would see them in a couple of days.  So we re waiting for that,  his mother, Linda Boyle, said in a video posted on the Toronto Star newspaper s website. U.S. officials expressed hope that the hostages  freedom could represent a turning point in relations between Pakistan and the United States, uneasy allies in fighting Taliban and other Islamist extremists in the region. In recent days, senior U.S. officials have been more pointed  about Islamabad s alleged ties to militant groups, who are battling against U.S. and U.S.-backed forces in a stalemated 16-year-old war in neighboring Afghanistan. Some U.S. officials say Pakistani safe havens have helped prolong the conflict. Pakistan fiercely denies such ties, and it touted the operation as proof of the strength of the alliance.  The success underscores the importance of timely intelligence sharing and Pakistan s continued commitment towards fighting this menace through cooperation between two forces against a common enemy,  a Pakistani army statement said. Boyle s father, in the video message, offered his thanks to Pakistani forces  who risked their lives and got all five of ours out safely and rescued.  The Toronto Star reported that Boyle told his parents that he was in the trunk of the kidnappers  car with his wife and children when they were rescued by Pakistani forces. Boyle said he sustained minor shrapnel wounds during the shootout, which left his kidnappers dead.  The last words Boyle said he heard from the kidnappers were,  kill the hostages,  the Star reported.   The Pakistani army said its forces were able to recover the hostages after acting on U.S. intelligence about their passage into Pakistan from Afghanistan.  The White House, Pentagon and State Department did not offer details about the Pakistani effort, even as it praised cooperation from Islamabad.  But one U.S. official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said there was no indication that the hostages had been in Afghanistan in the days before they were freed, contrary to the Pakistani account. The United States believed the hostages were probably held by the Haqqani group in or near its headquarters in northwestern Pakistan the entire time, two other U.S. officials said. Declining to discuss U.S. intelligence in detail that was shared with Pakistan, they said the United States had been tracking cars capable of holding six or more people moving from place to place, which analysts had concluded were suggestive of moving hostages.   It was a matter of interdicting vehicles,  another U.S. official told Reuters, saying the United States never dictated to Pakistan how precisely to secure the hostages  release. Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland asked for respect for the family s privacy.  Joshua, Caitlan, their children and the Boyle and Coleman families have endured a horrible ordeal over the past five years. We stand ready to support them as they begin their healing journey,  Freeland said. Coleman was pregnant at the time she was kidnapped, and a video released by the Taliban in December showed two sons born while she and her husband were hostages. Thursday s statements from Islamabad and Washington were the first mention of a third child. Some officials said Pakistanis  motive for freeing the hostages may have been political rather than humanitarian, intended to reduce the tensions ahead of upcoming visits by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis. Tillerson in a statement said Trump s strategy in the region recognized  the important role Pakistan needs to play to bring stability and ultimately peace to the region.  Mattis, who last week said the United States would try  one more time  to work with Pakistan in Afghanistan, was upbeat on Thursday.  This is a very positive moment and the Pakistan army performed well,  Mattis told reporters during a trip to Florida. ",1
17606,Latest North Korea earthquake a sign of instability at nuclear test site-experts,"SEOUL (Reuters) - A series of tremors and landslides near North Korea s nuclear test base likely mean the country s sixth and largest blast has destabilized the region, and the Punggye-ri nuclear site may not be used for much longer to test nuclear weapons, experts say. A small quake was detected early on Friday near the North s nuclear test site, South Korea s weather agency said, but unlike quakes associated with nuclear tests, it did not appear to be manmade. The tremor was the latest in a string of at least three shocks to be observed since Pyongyang s Sept. 3 nuclear test, which caused a 6.3 magnitude earthquake. Friday s quake was a magnitude 2.7 with a depth of 3 km in North Hamgyong Province in North Korea, the Korea Meteorological Administration said. The United States Geological Survey (USGS) measured the quake at 2.9 magnitude at a depth of 5 km. The series of quakes has prompted experts and observers to suspect the last test - which the North claimed to be of a hydrogen bomb - may have damaged the mountainous location in the northwest tip of the country, where all of North Korea s six nuclear tests were conducted.  The explosion from the Sept. 3 test had such power that the existing tunnels within the underground testing site might have caved in,  said Kim So-gu, head researcher at the Korea Seismological Institute.  I think the Punggye-ri region is now pretty saturated. If it goes ahead with another test in this area, it could risk radioactive pollution.   According to 38 North, a Washington-based project which monitors North Korea, numerous landslides throughout the nuclear test site have been detected via satellite images after the sixth test. These disturbances are more numerous and widespread than seen after any of the North s previous tests, 38 North said. The explosion from the sixth test was large enough for residents of the Chinese border city of Yanji, 200 km (125 miles) north of North Korea s nuclear test site, to feel the ground shake beneath their feet.  The reason why Punggye-ri has become North Korea s nuclear testing field is because this area was considered stable and rarely saw tremors in the past,  said Hong Tae-kyung, a professor of earth system science at Yonsei University in Seoul.  The recent small quakes suggest that the test might have triggered crust deformation.   South Korea s spy agency said recently the North was readying possibly two more tunnels following its latest test, according to ruling Democratic Party lawmakers who had been briefed on the issue. The tunnel used for Pyongyang s first nuclear test had been shut down after that test, while a second tunnel had been used for the following five, the National Intelligence Service was cited as saying last month. This second tunnel may have caved in after the sixth test, the intelligence officials said. North Korea has hinted its next test could be above the ground. Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho said last month the North could test  an unprecedented scale hydrogen bomb  over the Pacific Ocean, in response to U.S. President Donald Trump s threat to  totally destroy  the country. Arms experts say detonating a nuclear-tipped missile over the Pacific Ocean, while seen as the logical final step to prove the success of its weapons program, would be extremely provocative and carry huge risks. Another issue that could keep North Korea from using Punggye-ri for nuclear tests the nearby active volcano of Mt. Paektu, Yonsei University s Hong said. The 2,744 meter (9,003 ft) mountain, straddling the northwestern border between China and North Korea, last erupted in 1903. Since North Korea began testing its nuclear capabilities, experts have debated whether explosions at Punggye-ri could trigger another volcanic eruption. ",1
17607,New Zealand kingmaker party to hold key board meeting on Monday,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - The leader of the small New Zealand party holding the balance of power after an inconclusive election last month said he would hold a key board meeting on Monday as he nears a decision on which party he will support in a coalition government. The country has been in political limbo since Sept. 23 when neither the National Party, which has led the government since 2008, or the Labour Party scored enough seats to form a government. The New Zealand First has held negotiations with both over the past week, but has kept the country guessing over which way it was leaning. It convened a caucus on Friday, but the internal meetings were set to continue through Monday.  Members of the board will be ... flying in on Sunday and early Monday morning for a joint caucus and board meeting ... all day Monday,  Winston Peters, leader of the nationalist NZ First Party told reporters in Wellington. An announcement was expected sometime next week. NZ First s policies are more aligned with those of Labour - both favor curbing migration and foreign ownership, renegotiating certain trade deals and changes to the central bank s approach to monetary policy. But observers have said that a two-way coalition is much simpler to put together than one involving three parties. National won 56 seats at the September election, meaning it would only need NZ First s nine seats to have a majority in parliament. Labour, with 46 seats, will have to go into coalition with both the Greens and NZ First to be able to govern.  The most widespread criticism of the current state of play is that a party leader with 7.5 percent of the nation s vote has been allowed to dictate the outcome for 100 percent of New Zealanders,  Sean Kean, managing director of Auckland-based Triple T Consulting said. The political uncertainty has pushed the New Zealand dollar down 2.9 percent against the U.S. dollar since the vote. The New Zealand dollar was last 0.07 percent lower at $0.7125. ",1
17608,How a homemade tool helped North Korea's missile program," SEOUL, (Reuters) - In 2009, a pop video from North Korea celebrated a new national hero - one that outside experts would later realize was at the heart of the secretive state s banned nuclear and missile programs.  That hero, widely available in factories across the world, was the Computer Numerical Control (CNC) machine.  Big, grey and boxy, CNC machines use pre-programmed guides to produce intricate parts for everything from automobiles and mobile phones to furniture and clothes. They offer accuracy that human machine tool operators are unable to achieve.  In North Korea, thanks to a combination of homemade technology and reverse engineering, the machines now play a critical role in the weapons programs. They allow Kim Jong Un to build nuclear bombs and missiles without relying as heavily on outside technical aid or imports.  Nuclear weapons experts say this has helped him accelerate missile and nuclear testing despite international sanctions on the transfer of sensitive equipment.  Special Section: North Korea revealed. Interactive: Nuclear North Korea  Interactive: Kim s latest act of defiance  North Korea s centrifuges and new missiles all depend on components made with CNC machine tools,  said Jeffrey Lewis, head of the East Asia Nonproliferation Program at the Middlebury Institute of Strategic Studies at Monterey, California.   (They) are the essential underlying technology for producing missiles and nuclear weapons,  said Lewis.  Since 1996, CNC machines have been included in the Wassenaar Arrangement   an international arms control regime aimed at stopping the proliferation of equipment with both civilian and military uses. North Korea is not a signatory.  The country s celebrations of its CNC technology have been fulsome. Hundreds of dancers in luminous orange and green performed the CNC pop song, titled  Break through the cutting edge,  at a Korean Workers  Party celebration in 2010. In 2012, the year the South Korean hit  Gangnam Style  was released, the North s CNC title was on karaoke machines nationwide, according to Choson Exchange, a Singapore-based company that trains North Koreans in business skills. The official video for the song opens with a long-range North Korean rocket soaring into a blue sky.  North Korea likely started to develop its own CNC machines in the early 1990s as part of a drive to build sophisticated missiles and nuclear weapons, nuclear experts say. It probably learned how to make them by taking apart machines it had imported from the Soviet Union.  Its first homemade CNC machine was introduced in 1995. Former leader Kim Jong Il gave the machine the  Ryonha  brand, according to a 2009 article in the country s official newspaper, Rodong Sinmun. That was the first time state media mentioned the technology.  By 2009, the machines had become a mainstay of North Korean propaganda, as Pyongyang launched a nationwide campaign to boost domestic industry. Sanctions were mounting after its second nuclear test and a long-range missile launch that year.  At the time, arms control experts raised concerns about a visit by former leader Kim Jong Il to a North Korean factory where homemade CNC machines appeared to be producing aluminum tubes. These could be used for nuclear centrifuges.   By around 2010, it seemed they were capable of manufacturing various types of CNC machines,  said Kim Heung-gwang, a North Korean defector who taught at Pyongyang s Hamhung Computer Technology University before defecting to South Korea.  But it wasn t until 2013 that the Korea Ryonha Machinery Joint Venture Corporation, which produced the machines, was blacklisted by the U.N. Security Council for supporting the weapons programs.  And it was only in August this year that U.S. intelligence officials told Reuters North Korea likely has the ability to produce its own missile engines themselves. (Full Story)  Now, Kim Heung-gwang estimates, North Korea has about 15,000 CNC machines. He bases this on North Korean state media reports and photos as well as interviews with more than a dozen defectors who were scientists, professors or factory workers.  Pyongyang hailed the homemade machines as a triumph for its governing ideology of  Juche , which champions self-sufficiency. But that wasn t strictly true.  In August 2016, state media released photos of Kim Jong Un visiting a factory using CNC machines with the logo of Swiss engineering firm ABB ABB.UL, one of the leading players in the global CNC machine market. It s not clear when or how the machine reached North Korea.  ABB said the firm respects all applicable trade sanctions against North Korea, and undertakes not to deliver ABB equipment to the country.  That said, we cannot rule out that some of our equipment may have been resold to DPR of Korea without our knowledge or permission,  the company said in response to a Reuters inquiry, using North Korea s official title.  A United Nations panel monitoring sanctions on North Korea said in a report this year that Tengzhou Keyongda CNC Machine Tools Co of China had been a supplier of Pyongyang s new CNC machines. A sales representative for Tengzhou Keyongda told Reuters the company stopped selling CNC machines to North Korea four years ago, and no longer maintains trade relations with the country.  Despite sanctions, CNC machines are commonplace across North Korean manufacturing and can be brought in through China and Russia, said Lee Choon-geun, a senior fellow at the Science and Technology Policy Institute in South Korea.  The biggest loophole has been that while some CNC machines are banned because they can have both military and civilian functions, most serve civilian industry.  Given their dual-use capability, you could even import the machines for other purposes, take them to pieces and use them however you want,  said Lee.  The CNC song highlights this in its opening line:  Whatever it is, once we put our mind to it, there s a program to make it,  it says.  ",1
17609,"Trump lays out new Iran strategy Friday, complicating European ties","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will lay out a more confrontational  strategy toward Iran by the United States on Friday in a speech in which he is likely to strike a blow at an international Iran nuclear deal, complicating U.S. relations with European allies. U.S. officials said Trump was expected to announce that he will not certify the 2015 Iran nuclear deal, believing the agreement is not in the national interests of the United States. He had certified it twice before but aides said he was reluctant to do so a third time. Trump could have a last minute change of heart before he outlines his administration s new approach toward Iran in speech at the White House at 12:45 p.m. EDT (1645 GMT) on Friday. The step would not withdraw the United States from the deal but would give the U.S. Congress 60 days to decide whether to reimpose the sanctions on Tehran that were suspended under an agreement that was negotiated by the United States and other world powers during the administration of former President Barack Obama. International inspectors say Iran is in technical compliance with the accord, but Trump says Tehran is in violation of the spirit of the agreement and has done nothing to rein in its ballistic missile program or its financial and military support for Hezbollah and other extremist groups. White House Chief of Staff John Kelly said the U.S. approach toward Iran is to work with allies in the Middle East to contain Tehran s activities.  We have footprints on the ground, naval and Air Force is there to just demonstrate our resolve, our friendship, and try to deter anything that any country out there may do,  Kelly said. European allies are warning of a split with the United States on the issue. This week, Trump has heard appeals from British Prime Minister Theresa May and French President Emmanuel Macron for the United States to certify the deal for the sake of allied unity.  It s imperative that Europe sticks together on this issue,  German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel told the RND German newspaper group.  We also have to tell the Americans that their behavior on the Iran issue will drive us Europeans into a common position with Russia and China against the USA.  Signed by the United States, Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China, the European Union and Iran, the deal lifted sanctions on Tehran in exchange for curbs on its nuclear program. Trump has called the accord  an embarrassment  and  the worst deal ever.  European officials have categorically ruled out renegotiating the deal, but have said they share Trump s concerns over Iran s destabilizing influence in the Middle East. The threat of new action from Washington has prompted a public display of unity from the rival factions among Iran s rulers. CIA Director Mike Pompeo on Thursday kept up a steady drumbeat of Trump administration criticism of Iran, saying Tehran is  mounting a ruthless drive to be the hegemonic power in the region.  Iran s intelligence service and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps  are the cudgels of a despotic theocracy, with the IRGC accountable only to a Supreme Leader. They re the vanguard of a pernicious empire that is expanding its power and influence across the Middle East,  Pompeo said in remarks at the University of Texas in Austin.  In Tampa, Florida, the head of U.S. Central Command said he was concerned about Iran s long-term activities in the region and he would continue to focus on protecting U.S. troops, even as Iran has said U.S. regional military bases would be at risk if further sanctions were passed.  Iran is kind of a long-term destabilizing actor in the region and so we remain concerned about their activities as well,  U.S. General Joseph Votel told reporters. ",1
17610,"Coca, trafficking greatest threats to Colombia peace: official","BOGOTA (Reuters) - A peace deal between Colombia and Marxist FARC rebels is being threatened by drug trafficking and cultivation of coca, the base ingredient for cocaine, a peace official said on Thursday, in the wake of a confrontation between coca farmers and police that killed seven.   Drug trafficking and illegal crops are the most important threats,  Rodrigo Rivera, the country s peace commissioner, told Reuters in his office inside the presidential palace.  While that element exists, it s like honey attracting bees, they re circling and it s creating new organized crime in the territories where the FARC no longer are,  Rivera said. The government of President Juan Manuel Santos and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) rebels signed a peace accord last year to end their roles in a conflict that has killed at least 220,000 people.  Thousands of FARC fighters have demobilized under the deal and the group is now a political party, but crop substitution is already a thorn in the side of the government. Last week at least seven farmers protesting eradication were killed in a confused incident with police in Tumaco, in southwestern Colombia. The defense ministry accused dissident former FARC members of stoking a confrontation and then firing on the crowd, while farmer s groups have accused jittery police of shooting to disperse the protest. An investigation into the incident is ongoing. As well as dissidents from the rebel group, crime gangs have begun to take over coca areas, security sources say. The gangs often offer ex-combatants higher salaries than they are entitled to under the peace deal. The dissidents and gangs can be a  siren s call  for ex-rebels, Rivera said. Subsistence farmers have often been obliged by rebel groups, paramilitaries and crime gangs to plant coca. Some also choose to grow the crop because illegal groups will pay higher prices than farmers can earn with other products - a tempting possibility amid dire poverty. Coca cultivation reached levels not seen for a decade last year after the government banned aerial fumigation with glyphosate, an herbicide that has been linked to cancer. The prohibition has sparked criticism from the United States, which is set to give the Andean country more than $400 million in funding help for the FARC deal.  Coca is cultivated on about 188,000 hectares (464,000 acres) across Colombia and cocaine production capacity is up to 700 tonnes annually. The government wants to eradicate 100,000 hectares this year. ",1
17611,First Turkish military convoy enters Syria's Idlib,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A first convoy of the military operation that Turkey is carrying out in Syria s Idlib province crossed into the area late on Thursday, two rebels and a witness said.  The convoy included about 30 military vehicles, said Abu Khairo, a commander in a Free Syrian Army (FSA) rebel group based in the area, and it entered Syria near the Bab al-Hawa border crossing, according to a civilian witness. It was heading to Sheikh Barakat, a hilltop that overlooks large areas of rebel-held northwestern Syria, but also the Afrin area held by the Kurdish YPG militia.  The convoy was escorted by fighters from Tahrir al-Sham, an alliance of jihadist groups including the former al Qaeda affiliate previously known as the Nusra Front, Abu Khairo said.   The Turkish army convoy is entering under the protection of Tahrir al-Sham to take positions on the front line with the YPG,  another FSA official in the area said.  Turkey said on Saturday it was carrying out a military operation in Idlib and surrounding areas as part of a deal it reached with Russia and Iran last month to enforce a  de-escalation  zone in northwest Syria.  The zone is one of several set up around Syria to reduce warfare between rebels, including groups backed by Turkey, and the government, which is supported by both Russia and Iran. Tahrir al-Sham opposes the de-escalation deal with the government, but its role in escorting the Turkish reconnaissance team on Sunday indicated there might not be any direct military confrontation between its fighters and Turkey.  The Turkish military operation in Idlib will also include Syrian rebel groups involved in the Euphrates Shield operation that Ankara launched in Syria last year further to the east, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Saturday.  Tahrir al-Sham and Euphrates Shield rebels have fought previously and the jihadist alliance has this year battled other insurgents in Idlib and surrounding areas in an effort to consolidate its control.  Turkey s decision to launch the Euphrates Shield campaign a year ago was aimed partly at pushing Islamic State from its border, but also at stopping the Kurdish YPG from gaining more sway.  Backed by the United States in its battle against Islamic State, the YPG has seized much of northeastern Syria and was trying to link that territory up with its canton in Afrin.  Turkey regards the YPG as an extension of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) that it is fighting at home, and by gaining a presence in Sheikh Barakat, its forces would surround Afrin on three sides.  Several Turkish military vehicles, ambulances and tankers were visible in photographs published by Turkey s Anadolu news agency late on Thursday stationed at a village near Turkey s Reyhanli border gate opposite Bab al-Hawa. ",1
17612,Russia's Lavrov to Tillerson: Moscow readies lawsuits over seized property,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Thursday that Russia was preparing lawsuits to reclaim what Moscow says was illegally seized property in the United States, Russia s foreign ministry said. Lavrov, in a telephone conversation with Tillerson, also said it was unacceptable that U.S. authorities had removed Russian flags from its seized diplomatic buildings in the United States, the ministry said. U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert, asked about the accusations later, told reporters that U.S. actions at the shuttered Russian facilities were  perfectly legal  and were carried out with  a lot of thought  and in a  judicious fashion.   The flags of the former Russian consular properties in San Francisco were respectfully lowered. They re safely stored within each of the buildings,  Nauert said.  There s no country in the world that pays greater respect to its own flag and to the flags of other nations. That is something that we take seriously.  But Russia s foreign ministry said Lavrov stressed to Tillerson that  the lawlessness continued by U.S. officials runs counter to declarations made at the highest level in Washington about intentions to normalize the bilateral relations, which have hit an all-time low.  Russian staff left the consulate in San Francisco last month after Washington ordered Moscow to vacate some of its diplomatic properties, part of a series of tit-for-tat actions resulting from a souring of relations between the two countries. ",1
17613,Romania's ruling party endorses government reshuffle plan,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania s ruling Social Democrats endorsed on Thursday a government reshuffle proposed by Prime Minister Mihai Tudose in a move that could strengthen his position within the party and  lend his cabinet credibility within the European Union. Three ministers will resign, party senior members said, including Deputy Prime Minister Sevil Shhaideh, a close ally of party leader Liviu Dragnea, who holds a tight grip over party ranks but cannot be prime minister because of a previous conviction in a vote rigging case. Earlier this week, Tudose said that corruption allegations surrounding Shhaideh and European Funds Minister Rovana Plumb had created problems for his government with the European Commission. Both will resign, as will Transport Minister Razvan Cuc. The party will decide their replacements on Friday. Transparency International ranks Romania among the European Union s most corrupt states and Brussels is keeping its justice system under special monitoring.  We have a reality and a perception,  Tudose told reporters on Wednesday.  The reality is the presumption of innocence, but the perception in Brussels is completely different.  On Thursday, Tudose said he hoped Shhaideh would choose to stay in public administration in a different position. Some analysts have said Tudose was using the corruption allegations to gain more control over government decisions. The government is under pressure from the party to enforce an ambitious governing program that includes tax cuts, public sector wage and pension hikes, as well as a judicial overhaul that could threaten magistrates  independence that has raised concerns with the European Commission.    We communicated badly with each other,  Dragnea told reporters after a six-hour senior party meeting.  We cannot make that mistake again, put the party and the government at risk.   Anti-corruption prosecutors said in September they were investigating Shhaideh for suspected abuse of office in a land transfer case, and have asked parliament to approve an investigation into Plumb linked to the same case. Both have denied wrongdoing. The reshuffle comes a little over three months since the cabinet was sworn in after the ruling coalition toppled its first prime minister at end-June.  Tudose has said he was not afraid to resign, which would have automatically toppled the cabinet. Analysts said the Social Democrats accepted the reshuffle rather than risk going with a third prime minister proposal to centrist President Klaus Iohannis, a rival, who must approve premiers.  If this government were to fall as well, then I would certainly ask myself very seriously whether the PSD still has the capacity to govern,  Iohannis told reporters earlier on Thursday.  For now, we are not in this position.  ",1
17614,EU to offer May hope of post-Brexit talks at summit: draft text,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union leaders could hand Theresa May an olive branch in deadlocked Brexit negotiations next week by launching their own internal preparations for a transition to a new relationship with Britain. Draft conclusions submitted by summit chair Donald Tusk to the 27 other EU governments made final Brussels  rejection of opening free trade talks now. But they also but gave the beleaguered British prime minister hope that they would do so in December   and that, if she ups her offers on divorce terms, the EU will be ready to start talking almost right away. With nerves fraying and threats flying about walking out without a deal come the March 2019 deadline for departure, the pound took a knock when EU negotiator Michel Barnier said a new round of talks this week had ended in continued deadlock over a British refusal to clarify how much it will pay on leaving. But it rallied on word that, despite tough demands from EU governments on what they want from London, the Union is ready to talk about how to avoid a  hard Brexit  and to ease Britain out with less disruption   probably by agreeing to keep it in the single market for a couple of years, diplomats say. The draft of conclusions which would be issued by leaders of the 27 next Friday, a day after meeting May in a full EU summit, still have to be agreed. Envoys, including from heavyweights Germany and France, objected last week to a suggestion from Barnier that the EU should start working on transition plans. But EU officials noted that Tusk, the European Council president, has sounded out most national leaders in recent days   he briefed May by on his preparations on Thursday. A senior EU official closely involved in the negotiations said Brussels did not expect major changes to the summit text. A diplomat from one big country said only that the text would be discussed by national envoys in Brussels on Friday. The first version, seen by Reuters, confirms what Barnier and others have said this month: that there is not  sufficient progress  on agreeing three key elements of a withdrawal treaty for leaders to agree now to open the trade talks May wants.  But in an effort to defuse accusations in Britain about EU intransigence, the leaders would welcome progress to date on their three key issues: the rights of 3 million EU citizens in Britain; protecting peace in Northern Ireland from the effect of a new border on the island; and Britain s outstanding payments. They would pledge to reassess things at their next summit in mid-December   Barnier on Thursday spoke of making progress in the next two months. And in order not to waste time once they do decide to launch talks on a post-Brexit future, they would ask Barnier and their envoys to start preparing now for a transition   albeit without actually starting talking to Britain about it.  The European Council invites the Council (Article 50) together with the Union negotiator to start internal preparatory discussions,  the draft read. Another EU official said that would avoid weeks of delay in launching a new phase by the new year   which business leaders say is vital if they are to make informed investment decisions in 2018 for the time after Brexit. Without a good idea by early next year of what a transition period will look like, international businesses in Britain would start to  vote with their feet  and move operations to the continent for fear of a  hard Brexit , some have warned. The uncertain grip May, who campaigned last year against Brexit, has over her party and hardliners demanding she resist EU demands and be ready to walk out with no deal, has left Europeans unsure of where negotiations may lead. The gesture to May reflects some willingness to help reinforce her in office. Barnier and his British counterpart, Brexit Secretary David Davis, told reporters there had been some progress this week on citizens  rights and the Irish border question. Davis renewed his call for EU leaders to give a green light to trade talks next week but that has long been a forlorn hope. Barnier made clear that despite new momentum from May s  concessions in a speech at Florence last month, British proposals still failed the  sufficient progress  test, notably on tens of billions of euros the EU says London owes. May said Britain would ensure the other 27 countries did not lose out financially from Brexit in the current EU budget period to 2020 and would honor commitments   but Barnier said London was failing to spell out just what it was ready to pay.  There was no negotiation on this, but we did have technical discussions which were useful,  he said.  We are, therefore, at a deadlock on this question. This is extremely worrying for European taxpayers and those who benefit from EU policies.  Nonetheless, he offered hope:  I am still convinced that, with political will, decisive progress is within reach in the coming two months. With David Davis, we will organize several negotiating meetings between now and the end of the year.  May herself said there had been  good progress  and welcomed Barnier s talk of further progress  over the coming weeks . ",1
17615,Mattis hopeful freeing of hostages in Pakistan to boost cooperation,"MIAMI (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Thursday he was hopeful that the freeing of a kidnapped U.S.-Canadian couple and their three children in Pakistan was a harbinger for closer cooperation in the future.  This is a very positive moment and the Pakistan Army performed well,  Mattis told reporters on board a military plane, adding he hoped this would be  a harbinger for the future.   We intend to work with Pakistan in a collaborative way in the future to stop terrorism and that includes kidnapping,  Mattis added. He declined to comment on any specifics on how the hostages were freed. ",1
17616,"'Disastrous' conditions for migrants displaced by Libya clashes, official says","GHARYAN, Libya (Reuters) - Thousands of migrants displaced by fighting on Libya s northwestern coast are in urgent need of medical help, the head of a detention center in the town of Gharyan said on Thursday, describing their situation as  tragic . Some 5,800 migrants had arrived at the center since fighting broke out last month in the coastal city of Sabratha, previously a launch pad for crossings to Italy. About 2,000 people have already been sent on from Gharyan to other centers in the capital, Tripoli.  The situation is very tragic...disastrous. There s a lack of support,  said Abdulhameed Muftah, who runs Al-Hamra dentition center in Gharyan, about 80 km (50 miles) south of Tripoli.  The clashes in Sabratha resulted in the withdrawal of an armed group that said it had begun blocking migrant departures from Sabratha, under intense pressure from Italy. Sabratha was previously the foremost smuggling hub for migrants attempting to cross the Mediterranean. U.N. agencies have been struggling to provide support for thousands of mainly sub-Saharan African migrants stranded after the fighting.  Many have been taken to centers such as the one in Gharyan, which are nominally controlled by the U.N.-backed government but notorious for widespread abuse and poor conditions. Humanitarian workers have limited access. Al-Hamra consists of about a dozen hangars, each meant to hold up to 150 people.  About 70 percent of the migrants brought to the center needed medical attention and were not receiving it, Muftah said. One migrant clinging to the bars of the door of one the hangars called out as a reporter passed, saying  Please. We re dying, we re dying . Muftah said there were many children and some pregnant women in the center, several of whom had given birth since arriving.  We appeal to all international organizations and the Libyan state to consider the humanitarian condition of these migrants,  he said. The condition of migrants was also raised with Libyan authorities by the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, Zeid Ra ad Al Hussein, who visited Libya on Tuesday.   I call on the government to establish alternatives to detention in Libya, to halt the practice of arbitrary detention, and to ensure accountability for the abuses perpetrated against migrants in detention centers,  he said in a statement on Thursday. He called for human rights monitors to be given access to detention centers where thousands of Libyans have been held for years without judicial process, citing  horrific reports  emerging from some of them. ",1
17617,"UAE terminates North Korean diplomatic mission, ends visas","DUBAI (Reuters) - The United Arab Emirates is ending the mission of North Korea s non-resident ambassador and terminating its own envoy s services in Pyongyang, its Foreign Ministry said in a statement on Thursday carried by state news agency WAM. The UAE will also stop issuing new visas or company licences to North Korean citizens, WAM said. Several thousand North Korean workers reside in the U.S-allied Gulf region, mainly working on construction sites.  The measures... come within the context of (the UAE s) obligation as a responsible member of the international community to strengthen the international will and to stop the proliferation of nuclear weapons and missile programs,  the Foreign Ministry said. U.S. President Donald Trump urged United Nations member states last month to turn up the pressure on North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons, using his maiden speech to the world body to address what he has said is the top global challenge. North Korea s nuclear tests and missile launches have stirred global tensions and prompted several rounds of international sanctions at the U.N. Security Council. In Washington, the U.S. State Department welcomed the UAE s decision.  Very happy to hear that,  State Department spokesman Heather Nauert told reporters.  There are many countries that are taking those steps that we have asked (them) to take.      The UAE announcement follows similar moves by the UAE s Gulf Arab neighbors Qatar and Kuwait, which last month downgraded their ties with Pyongyang and ceased issuing new visas to North Korean citizens. ",1
17618,Trump's Iran plans driving EU toward Russia and China: Germany,"BERLIN (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump s expected move to  de-certify  the international nuclear deal with Iran is driving a wedge between Europe and the United States and bringing Europeans closer to Russia and China, Germany said on Thursday. German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel has spoken out repeatedly against Trump s likely step, but his latest comments aimed to spell out the impact it would have in starker terms.  It s imperative that Europe sticks together on this issue,  Gabriel, a Social Democrat, told the RND German newspaper group.  We also have to tell the Americans that their behavior on the Iran issue will drive us Europeans into a common position with Russia and China against the USA.  Trump is seen unveiling a broad strategy on confronting Iran this week, likely on Friday, including a move to de-certify Iran s compliance with the 2015 accord, which he has called an  embarrassment  and the  worst deal ever negotiated.   Senior U.S. officials, European allies and prominent U.S. lawmakers have told Trump that refusing to certify the deal would leave the U.S. isolated, concede the diplomatic high ground to Tehran, and ultimately risk the unraveling of the agreement. The U.N. nuclear watchdog has repeatedly certified that Iran is adhering to restrictions on its nuclear energy program mandated by the deal to help ensure it cannot be put to developing atomic bombs. Signed by the United States, Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China, the European Union and Iran, the deal lifted sanctions on Tehran in exchange for curbs on its nuclear work. Germany has close economic and business ties with Russia, although relations have soured since Moscow s annexation of Ukraine s Crimea region. Berlin is also working to expand ties with China. Gabriel is expected to leave his post in coming months since his Social Democrats have vowed to go into opposition after slumping badly in the Sept. 24 election, opting not to reprise an awkward  grand coalition  with Merkel s conservatives.  Gabriel on Monday urged the White House not to jeopardize the nuclear agreement, saying such a move would worsen instability in the Middle East and could make it more difficult to halt nuclear arms programs in other countries. In the interview released on Thursday, he said the nuclear agreement was being treated  like a football  in U.S. domestic politics, but the issue could have serious consequences. He said Russia was watching developments closely, including the divisions between Europe and the United States.  That doesn t exactly strengthen our position in Europe.  Ultimately, Gabriel told the newspaper group, there were only three countries - the United States, Russia and China - that could avert a new nuclear arms race.  But those countries mistrust each other so much at the moment that they are not working together sufficiently. It must be in our interest to press for more trust.  ",1
17619,"Italy lower house passes new electoral law, moves on to Senate","ROME (Reuters) - The Italian Chamber of Deputies on Thursday gave its final approval to a contested electoral law that is likely to penalize the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement in next year s election. The bill, which is supported by the ruling Democratic Party (PD) and mainstream center-right opposition parties, was approved in a secret ballot by 375 votes to 215, and will now move to the upper house Senate for further debate. An election is due by May 2018. Analysts say the new system looks highly unlikely to throw up a clear parliamentary majority, with opinion polls showing the center-left, center-right and 5-Star splitting the vote three ways. The so-called  Rosatellum  law favors parties which group together ahead of the election. The 5-Star refuses to join any alliance and says the reform could cost it at least 50 seats in the next parliament, hobbling its chances of taking power. The party, which tops many opinion polls, has held two days of street protests against what it sees as an attempt by its mainstream rivals to scupper its chances at the election.  You are manipulating the foundations of our democratic system and rigging the rules before the game starts,  5-Star leader Luigi Di Maio told parliament before the vote.   Every single day of the election campaign we will remind people of what you are doing today.  Small left-wing and right-wing parties are also against the bill, which is supported by the center-right Forza Italia (Go Italy!) and the right-wing Northern League. Ettore Rosato, the parliamentary party leader of the PD who has put his name to the reform, said it was the best compromise possible among political adversaries and blamed 5-Star and leftist parties for refusing to join negotiations.  You always said no to everything that we proposed,  he told the Chamber. President Sergio Mattarella has called for new voting rules because he says the current system is too different for the upper and lower houses, meaning it could conceivably throw up conflicting majorities. All previous attempts to harmonize the rules have failed, most recently in June when dissident deputies used a secret vote to up-end part of the proposed legislation. The 5-Star and other opponents of the new rules had hoped that the same would happen in Thursday s final vote in the Chamber, which had already approved the bill in three votes of confidence held with open voting. The package still needs the approval of the upper house Senate, where Gentiloni s government does not have a stable majority. The upper house is expected to begin discussing and voting on the bill next week. ",1
17620,Former leader of Germany's far-right kicks off new 'Blue Party',"BERLIN (Reuters) - Frauke Petry, the former co-leader of the far right Alternative for Germany (AfD), will unveil her new  Blue Party  on Friday, promising a  reasonable conservative  agenda that would appeal to a broad base of Germans, she told a newspaper group. Petry, a 42-year-old chemist, was for a time the most visible face of the AfD, helping to build the public appeal that saw it win 12.6 percent of the vote last month and become the first far right group in the German parliament since the 1960s. But although she has long espoused strong anti-immigrant views, she berated other leading figures in the AfD for holding positions too far outside the mainstream and making it impossible for the party to join a coalition government. During the months leading up to the election she took a lower profile role in campaigning, all but vanishing from TV screens as more radical figures became the party s public faces. She won a seat in parliament on the AfD s list last month, but quit the party the next day in a surprise announcement at its victory press conference, pledging to sit in parliament initially as an independent. She told RND newspaper group in an interview published late on Thursday that she would hold a small initial event to announce her new Blue Party on Friday in her home state of Saxony in the former communist East. More rallies would follow around the country from November under the banner of  Blue Change  or  Blaue Wende , she said. Wende is the term widely used to describe the dramatic shift in German society after the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989.  Blue stands for conservative, but also liberal policies in Germany and in Europe,  she told RND, adding that her new group would seek to replicate the success of the Christian Social Union (CSU), the Bavarian sister party of Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, on a national level. The CSU, part of Merkel s conservative bloc in parliament, has taken a harder line than Merkel s own Christian Democratic Union over immigration, but fields candidates only in Bavaria, a state that accounts for 15 percent of Germany s population.   Every third German would like a reasonable, conservative political offering,  she said, adding that many frustrated voters had supported the pro-business Free Democrats, the AfD or  Merkel s CDU on Sept. 24 for lack of a better alternative. Petry said she had begun working on plans for her new party as early as August, after AfD members refused to accept her more moderate proposals at a party congress in Cologne. RND said German election authorities listed the new party as having been founded on Sept. 17, a week before the vote. Petry defended her decision to quit the AfD while keeping her seat won on its list, saying she would remain loyal to her voters.  The mandate doesn t belong to the party, even if it was won with party funds,  she said. The AfD is ostracized by all other parties, which refuse to work with it. None even wants to sit next to the AfD in parliament. ",1
17621,Soccer star Weah leads most counties in Liberia presidential election vote,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - Former soccer star George Weah leads in partial presidential election results in 11 of Liberia s 15 counties, the electoral commission said on Thursday, after a vote meant to bring about the country s first democratic transfer of power in decades. Early results from Tuesday s poll read to reporters by the commission s chairman left Weah s camp confident he would win the outright majority he needs to avoid a run-off, even though most counties had reported tallies from less than a third of polling stations. The other favorite in the 20-candidate field, Vice-President Joseph Boakai, led in just one county, although he was running in second in most others.   I can say for sure that Ambassador George Manneh Weah is going to be the next president of the Republic of Liberia,  Weah s adviser Mulbah Morlu told Reuters.  The people of Liberia have spoken.  The final results must be announced by Oct. 25 and a run-off will be held next month if no one has won a majority.   Before the commission s announcement, parties backing three other candidates alleged fraud and vowed to contest the results. But international observers said they had seen no major problems with the vote.  The overall conduct of the voting was generally assessed as either good or very good,  the EU mission said in a statement on Thursday. Observers from the U.S.-based Carter Center and National Democratic Institute (NDI) also said they had not identified any major issues with the voting or subsequent counting. The allegations of irregularities centered on charges that extra ballots were printed in advance and marked with votes for Boakai from the ruling Unity Party of President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf. However, none of the parties provided evidence of cheating. A Unity Party leader declined to respond to the accusations. Earlier in the day, Johnson Sirleaf, who became Africa s first elected female president when she won a surprise victory in 2005 following a post-war transition, hailed the election as historic.   We believe that all Liberians are ready for this process. I thank them for participating in this process,  she told reporters. Liberia, Africa s oldest modern republic, was founded by freed U.S. slaves in 1847 but its last democratic power transfer occurred in 1944. ",1
17622,Soccer star Weah leads most counties in Liberia presidential election vote,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - Former soccer star George Weah leads in early presidential election results in 11 of Liberia s 15 counties, National Elections Commission Chairman Jerome G. Korkoya said on Thursday. The two top vote-winners from the field of 20 candidates will advance to a run-off in November in the event that no one wins an outright majority. (Corrects number of counties Weah leads in to 11 from 10) ",1
17623,Russia accuses U.S. of denying entry to senior military official,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Russia accused the United States of denying entry to a senior military official to conduct a joint Russian and Chinese briefing at the United Nations on Thursday that criticized U.S. missile defense systems as a global threat. U.S. Disarmament Ambassador Robert Wood and Jeffrey Eberhardt, of the State Department Office of Multilateral and Nuclear Affairs, walked out of the briefing within minutes of it starting in a conference room at U.N. headquarters in New York. Alexander Emelianov, from the Russian Defense Ministry international cooperation committee, said Moscow had wanted to send a delegation led by Lieutenant General Tretyak Andrey, Russian Armed Forces chief of the General Staff Advisers Group.  The entry visa was not given to them,  Emelianov told the few dozen diplomats attending the half-hour briefing.  The U.S. mission to the United Nations declined to comment on individual visa cases or the Russian and Chinese briefing.  Russia and China have long been critical of U.S. missile defense systems, particularly the deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) in South Korea amid heightened tensions with North Korea over its ballistic missile and nuclear tests.   The Russian Federation is confident that the unlimited deployment of the U.S. anti-missile defense is a serious threat to the global security and can further unleash the arms race and threaten the entire humanity,  Emelianov told the briefing.  Major General Zhou Shangping, deputy director-general of the Operations Bureau, the Joint Staff Department of the Central Military Commission, also briefed.   The deployment of the THAAD system does little to upgrade the surveillance capability against the DPRK (North Korea), but significantly enhances the capability to monitor China s strategic depth and Russia s Far East,  Zhou said.  China and Russia have repeatedly demanded the United States halt the deployment of THAAD in South Korea. ",1
17624,Freeing of hostages in Pakistan a 'positive sign': U.S. general,"TAMPA, Fla. (Reuters) - The freeing of a kidnapped U.S.-Canadian couple and their three children in Pakistan is a positive sign and a recognition of how seriously Islamabad takes the protection of American citizens, a senior U.S. military official said on Thursday.  We are very appreciative for the efforts of the Pakistani military in helping effect the securing of our American hostages that have been held there, and a Canadian citizen, for quite some time,  said General Joseph Votel. As head of U.S. Central Command, Votel oversees U.S. forces in the Middle East and South Asia, including Afghanistan.   It is a positive sign that they (recognized) the importance, they (recognized) the opportunity, they acted quickly and very responsibly to get control of these persons and begin to effect their return,  Votel told reporters. He added that he had spoken with Pakistan s chief of Army Staff on Wednesday. American Caitlan Coleman and her Canadian husband, Joshua Boyle, along with their children born in captivity, were freed nearly five years after the couple was abducted in neighboring Afghanistan by the Taliban-allied Haqqani network, which the United States has long accused Pakistan of failing to fight. In recent days, senior U.S. officials have been more pointed about Islamabad s alleged ties to militant groups, who are battling against U.S. and U.S.-backed forces in the 16-year-old war in neighboring Afghanistan. When asked what more Pakistan should do to fight militancy, Votel said he would keep conversations with his Pakistani counterparts private, but added that the freeing of the hostages was an example of the Pakistanis paying attention to something important to the United States. Votel said peace talks with the Taliban in Afghanistan were possible to bring an end to the war.  Our focus is to put military pressure on the Taliban to make that a viable option for them, that they need to come to the table,  he said. Representatives of Afghanistan, China, Pakistan and the United States will meet in Oman next week to discuss reviving peace talks with Afghan Taliban militants. It was not clear if Afghan Taliban representatives would join the talks. Taliban sources said they had not yet received an invitation and planned to skip Monday s discussions in Muscat, casting doubt on efforts to revive long-stalled negotiations. The Taliban, ousted in a U.S.-led military intervention in 2001, has been gaining territory in recent years as it wages an insurgency to try to topple Afghanistan s Western-backed government and re-establish a fundamentalist Islamic regime. Votel also said he was optimistic about the progress being made in Afghanistan and U.S. forces were already able to embed with their Afghan counterparts at a lower level than before, bringing them closer to the front lines.  Officials have told Reuters that the United States will send 3,500 additional troops to Afghanistan, a boost that would the total number of U.S. troops in Afghanistan to about 14,500. ",1
17625,"Brexit talks deadlock on cash, Barnier eyes move by December","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Brexit talks are deadlocked over money, the EU s Michel Barnier said on Thursday as he ruled out discussions on future trade being launched by EU leaders next week but spoke of possible progress by December. Barnier and his British counterpart, Brexit Secretary David Davis, told reporters there had been some progress this week on the other two issues around Britain s March 2019 withdrawal from the bloc on which the EU demands  sufficient progress  before it will agree to discuss a transition and future relationship. With concern mounting about the possibility they might run out of time for any deal, Davis renewed his call for EU leaders to give a green light to trade talks after they meet Prime Minister Theresa May at a summit in Brussels next Thursday.  Barnier made clear, however, that despite new momentum from  concessions given by May in a speech at Florence last month, British proposals on expatriate citizens  rights and the Irish border still failed the EU test, while London s refusal to spell out a detailed cash offer was  very worrying  for business. May said then that the other 27 countries would not lose out financially from Brexit in the current EU budget period to 2020 and that Britain would honor commitments   but Barnier said London was failing to say exactly what it was ready to pay.   Regarding that question, we are at an impasse, which is very worrying for thousands of projects everywhere in Europe and also worrying for those who contribute,  he said.    Nonetheless, he offered hope:  I am still convinced that, with political will, decisive progress is within reach in the coming two months. With David Davis, we will organize several negotiating meetings between now and the end of the year.  With signs that nerves are fraying on both sides as less than 18-month remains before the deadline, some hardline Brexit supporters want May to just walk out of talks. Both negotiators repeated that they were ready for any eventuality including a collapse. But, Barnier warned,  no deal would be a very bad deal . May herself said there had been  good progress  and welcomed Barnier s talk of further progress  over the coming weeks . Davis announced a  streamlined  new system for the 3 million EU citizens in Britain to claim residence rights, answering EU concerns, and said he expected good further progress on other issues. Barnier repeated that Brussels stills wants them to have recourse to EU judges to safeguard their rights and said there were still differences on rights for future family members. A British demand for its million or so citizens on the continent to have lifetime rights to move to any of the bloc s 27 countries after Brexit is held up by doubts among the member states. Barnier said those are rights to do with post-Brexit decisions and should be dealt with in the next phase of talks.  I make no secret of the fact that to provide certainty we must talk about the future,  Davis said, stressing his demand for trade talks.  I hope the leaders of the 27 will provide Michel with the means to explore ways forward with us on that.   As we look to the October Council next week, I hope the member states will recognize the progress we ve made and take a step forward in the spirit of the prime minister s Florence speech.  Barnier was pressed to say in public whether he would ask EU leaders  permission to make some preliminary exploration of what a transition after March 2019 would look like. EU officials and diplomats say he has raised that issue with governments. He told the news conference that he would follow a mandate ruling out any discussion of the future before issues arising from Britain s past membership are settled and said it was important to respect the  sequencing . Diplomats have said that German and French envoys quashed a suggestion by Barnier last week that he start looking transition issues. On Thursday, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, whose scope to change policy is limited by ongoing coalition talks, stressed Berlin would negotiate to minimize damage to Germany. With the talks poised at a delicate stage, EU officials say it is unclear what leaders will tell May next week. They all rule out a clear move to trade talks but many expect  positive language  to try to defuse British accusations of Brussels intransigence and to help May stand up to her own party critics. Officials see the early part of next year as a virtual deadline for agreeing to move on to discuss the future relationship. Failure to do so would raise the risk of there being no smooth transition and even of no deal at all. ($1 = 0.8446 euros) ",1
17626,"In Brexit poker, clock narrows transition options","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Nerves are fraying in the Brexit talks, negotiators are trying to work out if the other side is bluffing about walking away, and a ticking clock is fast narrowing British options come March 2019. Philip Hammond, Britain s finance minister, echoed recent EU assertions when he said that a transition period to some new relationship was a  wasting asset , the value of which would  diminish significantly  for both sides if its form remains unclear to businesses much after the start of the new year. As negotiators in Brussels make little progress before Prime Minister Theresa May meets EU leaders next week, a warning about a breakdown in talks from a minister seen strongly to favor a business-friendly  bespoke  transition out of the EU came a day after the EU summit chair spoke of a similar new year deadline. Donald Tusk said on Tuesday that if London fails to settle divorce terms by December, and so unlock talks on the transition and future trade pact, then the EU would reconsider its objectives. That reflects mounting doubts across Europe that any legal exit deal can be struck. The longer the stand-off goes on, EU negotiators said, the more Britain s choice come March 30, 2019, will be between the  hard Brexit  by which it will simply quit all EU systems and be treated like, say, Australia, and a virtual status quo, staying in most EU systems, without voting rights, rather like Norway.  The closer we get, the less there is to discuss about a transition and the more it just goes to a standstill transition, with Britain still in everything, but without a vote,  one said.  Pretty soon,  said another,  It will be Norway or nothing.  While all such commentary reflects the sides  jockeying for negotiating advantage, the evidence this week is that they remain far apart and are getting tetchy. May and the EU traded jabs over whose court  the ball  is in after the prime minister made concessions in a speech at Florence on Sept. 22. Behind closed doors, British negotiators voiced outraged surprise that her offer was seen as insufficient to launch talks on the future relationship.  It s hard to say it was genuine,  one EU official said of the show of emotion.  It s a form of pressure.  Brexit Secretary David Davis and EU negotiator Michel Barnier are due to give a news conference around noon (1000 GMT) on Thursday to give an update on the week s progress. Businesses are sounding the alarm. A German industry federation warned members to start preparing for a  very hard Brexit . A senior representative of London s financial services industry told a Brussels audience this week that a legal transition agreement must be reached by the end of this year.  Most importantly, it must reflect the status quo,  said Catherine McGuinness of the City of London Corporation.  There is no feasibility in asking firms to transition to a transition. If uncertainty continues, businesses will vote with their feet.  Hammond ruled out budgeting   yet   for more customs and border facilities, and few on the continent believe threats of a walkout they say would hurt Britain more than them. So leaders will watch May s struggle to unite her government and sit tight. One senior EU diplomat said British counterparts were in such a weak position that  sometimes I feel sorry them . For many in Brussels, that makes a virtual status quo after Brexit the increasingly likely outcome:  In March 2019, Britain will formally leave,  said another EU official.   But de facto most of the existing arrangements will remain ... They will have their celebration of  independence  and then we will sit down to talking business again.  May insists a two-year transition period is enough to agree a new free trade pact, but many question that.  John Bruton, the former prime minister of Ireland, has recommended an alternative to either no deal at all or a virtual status quo transition   just keeping Britain fully in the EU for four years beyond 2019. Arguing that the two-year deadline set by Article 50 of the EU treaty raises the risk of talks collapsing, and that agreeing first a transition and then another accord is complex, Bruton said this week that Britain and the EU should agree to a six-year negotiating period, with Britain only leaving in 2023. Neither wants any extension. But Bruton warned:  The present tight time frame ... increases the likelihood of miscalculation and of the UK leaving the EU with no deal at all.  ",1
17627,EU to launch internal Brexit transition work: draft,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union leaders will tell Britain next week it must improve the terms of its withdrawal offer, but give London the prospect of a rapid move to free-trade talks in December if that happens, their draft joint statement showed. The remaining 27 EU leaders will discuss Brexit without British Prime Minister Theresa May next week after a fifth round of technical negotiations ended in a deadlock earlier on Thursday. While the draft statement makes clear that no  sufficient progress  in divorce talks was made on safeguarding citizens  rights, the Irish border and Britain s exit bill, it also has the 27 states making a substantial gesture toward London. The draft, submitted to the 27 governments on Thursday, said the EU should launch immediate internal work on possible transitional arrangements after Brexit so that it can move to talks on future ties with Britain as soon as possible after  sufficient progress  is made on the three basic matters.   At its next session in December, the European Council will reassess the state of progress in the negotiations with a view to determining whether sufficient progress has been achieved,  said the draft, seen by Reuters. Should that happen, it said the EU 27 would prepare the necessary official documents on  the framework for the future relationship and on possible transitional arrangements which are in the interest of the Union.   In order to be fully ready for such a scenario,  it said, EU leaders task their Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier  to start internal preparatory discussions.  ",1
17628,Iraq refuses talks with Kurds unless they commit to unity,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The Iraqi government said on Thursday it would not hold talks with the Kurdish autonomous region on reopening its airports and providing dollars for its banks, unless the Kurds commit to  Iraq s unity . Iraq s central government imposed a ban on direct international flights to the autonomous Kurdish region after the Kurds held a Sept 25 referendum on independence, which Baghdad says was illegal. It is calling for its neighbors to shut the landlocked region s borders. Among other measures to isolate the Kurdish region, Baghdad stopped selling dollars to four Kurdish-owned banks and called for a halt to its independent crude oil sales. The Kurds have repeatedly called for negotiations following the referendum in which an overwhelming majority voted for independence.  To avoid this collective punishment, we invite (Iraqi Prime Minister) Haider al-Abadi, again, ... (to) any form of dialogue and negotiations in conformity with the Iraqi Constitution,  the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) said in a statement. It offered discussions  regarding the crossings, internal trade, providing services to the citizens, the banks and the airports.  But Baghdad has said the Kurds must disavow the referendum result as a pre-condition for any talks. Asked about the latest offer, an Iraqi government spokesman said there could be no talks until the Kurds gave a  commitment to Iraq s unity . The KRG  must accept the sovereign authority of the federal government on (..) oil exports, security and border protection, including land and air entry points,  he told Reuters.   The Kurds, who have sought an independent state for generations, say their referendum was meant to be the start of a negotiation that would see them gain independence after agreement with the Iraqi government. But Baghdad considered the vote illegal, especially as it was held not only in territory that forms part of the Kurdish autonomous region, but also in disputed neighboring parts of Iraq occupied by Kurdish troops. Iraq has maintained its tough line toward the Kurds with support of neighbors Turkey and Iran, which strongly oppose the secessionist movement. Washington, long friendly with the Kurds, had also called on them before the referendum to cancel it. President Tayyip Erdogan s spokesman said on Thursday Turkey would gradually close border crossings with northern Iraq in coordination with the central Iraqi government and Iran. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim is expected to visit Baghdad on Sunday to meet with Iraqi Prime Minister Haidar Abadi.  On Wednesday, the Kurdish authorities accused Iraqi forces and Iranian-trained Iraqi paramilitaries of  preparing a major attack  on the oil-rich region of Kirkuk and the area near Mosul. Both are in parts of northern Iraq outside the Kurdish autonomous region but held by Kurdish forces since Islamic State fighters were driven out. [L8N1MM5J1] Baghdad has denied it has plans for a military move against the Kurds. Abadi said on Thursday he would not use the army against the Kurdish region, and a military spokesman denied any attack on Kurdish forces was planned, saying government troops were preparing to oust Islamic State militants from an area near the Syrian border.   We won t use our army against our people or to launch a war against our Kurdish citizens,  Abadi said in a statement. Iraq s Supreme Judicial Council issued arrest warrants on Wednesday for the chairman of the Kurdish referendum commission and two aides for  violating a valid court ruling  banning the independence vote as against the Constitution. Kirkuk, a Kurdish-held, multi-ethnic city and surrounding province with large oil reserves, has emerged as a flashpoint in the crisis as it is claimed by both Baghdad and the Kurds. Iraqi forces and Shi ite Muslim paramilitaries, known as Popular Mobilisation, are deployed south and west of Kirkuk, in areas previously under the control of Islamic State. The Iraqi government spokesman said the KRG must acknowledge the authority of the federal government over Kirkuk as another pre-condition for talks. The area around al-Qaim, where the Euphrates river crosses into Iraq from Syria, is the last part of Iraq still under the control of Islamic State fighters, who overran a third of the country in 2014. On Thursday, the Iraqi military dropped leaflets on al-Qaim urging the militants to surrender or face death.   IS also holds areas on the Syrian side of the border, but is retreating there in the face of two sets of hostile forces - a U.S.-backed, Kurdish-led coalition and Syrian government troops with foreign Shi ite militias backed by Iran and Russia. Islamic State s cross-border  caliphate  effectively collapsed in July when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces captured Mosul, the group s de facto capital in Iraq, after a nine-month battle. ",1
17629,"Turkey to close border gates with Northern Iraq in coordination with Baghdad, Tehran: Erdogan spox","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey will gradually close border gates with northern Iraq in coordination with the central Iraqi government and Iran, in response to an independence referendum in Iraq s Kurdish region, Ibrahim Kalin, President Tayyip Erdogan s spokesman said on Thursday. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim is expected to visit  Baghdad on Sunday to meet with Iraqi counterpart Haider al-Abadi. ",1
17630,Spaniards use national holiday to show unity amid Catalan crisis,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spaniards lined the streets of Madrid and Barcelona on Thursday and national flags hung from balconies across the capital as unionists used a public holiday to demonstrate unity in the face of moves by Catalonia to declare independence. The wealthy region s intention to break away has plunged Spain into its worst political crisis since an attempted military coup in 1981, with Madrid threatening to sack the Catalan government if it goes ahead. Madrid s customary military parade marking the anniversary of explorer Christopher Columbus s arrival in the Americas on behalf of the Spanish crown took place in a city already festooned with flags hung by Spaniards in a display of unity.   We came with the whole family to celebrate the day of Spain and ... living in a free country ... and to support the security forces of the state and the government after this complicated situation we have been living in these past days,  said Madrid resident Carlos Alvaro. Tension remains high between the central government and Catalonia after the region s leader signed a symbolic declaration of independence on Tuesday, citing the results of an Oct. 1 referendum which had been declared illegal by Madrid. Catalan government chief Carles Puigdemont has stopped short of moving a motion of independence in the regional parliament, disappointing many of his own supporters. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has given Puigdemont eight days to drop his push for independence or face the suspension of its political autonomy. If Puigdemont does not respond in time or confirms a will to secede, Rajoy can impose rule from Madrid, an option enshrined in article 155 of the 1978 constitution.  Ask for dialogue and they answer you by putting the 155 on the table. Understood,  Puigdemont tweeted late on Wednesday. Uncertainty remains over what article 155, which has never been invoked before, would mean in practice.   I can t tell you exactly what the measures are,  Foreign Minister Alfonso Dastis told France s CNews TV channel.   Article 155 ... can be fine-tuned, and that s certainly what the government will do,  Dastis said.  Political analysts expect Rajoy s next step would be to call a snap regional election to plot a path out of the crisis. King Felipe presided over the Madrid parade, which included almost 4,000 military and police officials. Last week, in a rare intervention, he accused Catalan secessionist leaders of shattering democratic principles and dividing their society. People also gathered in central Barcelona, the Catalan capital, where a police crackdown during the banned Oct. 1 vote exacerbated the crisis.  El Mundo newspaper reported 65,000 turned out on Thursday, at least 10 times more than on last year s national holiday, but only a fifth of the crowd that turned out to oppose independence last weekend, calling themselves the  silent majority . Puigdemont said 90 percent of voters in the referendum backed secession, but turn-out was only 43 percent. Polls conducted beforehand had suggested around 40 percent support for independence. Thursday s demonstrations were mostly peaceful, but city police intervened to stop a scuffle in central Barcelona when demonstrators threw chairs and cafe tables. Around 100 far-right activists set fire to the striped and starred Catalan flag. Financial markets watching the situation in the euro zone s fourth-largest economy breathed a sigh of relief and the euro climbed when Puigdemont signed the symbolic declaration rather than formally announcing a split on Oct. 10. Genoveva Cabrera, a 63-year-old demonstrating for unity in Barcelona on Thursday said:  I am with Spain, with the civil guard (police), I am a democrat, I am Catalan, I am Spanish, I am European.     ",1
17631,China offers support to Spanish government amid Catalonia crisis,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China understands and supports the Spanish government s efforts to protect the country s unity and territorial integrity, China s Foreign Ministry said on Thursday, amid moves by Catalonia to declare independence. The wealthy region s intention to break away has plunged Spain into its worst political crisis since an attempted military coup in 1981, with Madrid threatening to sack the Catalan government if it goes ahead. China was paying close attention, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told a daily news briefing. China  understands and supports the Spanish government s efforts to protect national unity ... and its territorial integrity,  Hua said. China believes Spain has the ability to guarantee social order and people s interests in accordance with the law, she added.   China says it adheres to a policy of non-interference in other countries  internal affairs, but it generally takes a dim view of independence or secessionist movements around the world.     At home, it contends with what it says are separatist movements in its western regions of Tibet and Xinjiang, and also insists that the self-ruled island of Taiwan belongs to China.  Though it generally remains officially agnostic on such issues abroad, Beijing has expressed more openness toward independence votes when both sides have agreed to them, such as Scotland s unsuccessful 2014 referendum to leave the United Kingdom, and South Sudan s 2011 vote in favor of independence from Sudan. ",1
17632,Cuba could stop 'attacks' against Americans: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump s chief of staff said on Thursday that Washington believes Havana could put a halt to the mysterious incidents that have sickened nearly two dozen American diplomats and some tourists in Cuba.  We believe that the Cuban government could stop the attacks on our diplomats,  White House Chief of Staff John Kelly told reporters when asked about the situation at a White House briefing. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said later she thought Kelly was referring to the fact that the Vienna Conventions dealing with diplomatic relations between countries require the host nation to provide for the safety and security of diplomatic personnel. Nauert told a briefing at the State Department that the investigation into the attacks was  still under way  and the department did not know  who or what is responsible for it.  She also suggested the United States believes Cuba might know more than it has divulged about the incidents.  In a small country like Cuba where the government is going to know a lot of things that take place within its borders, they may have more information than we are aware of right now,  she said. The Trump administration last week expelled 15 Cuban diplomats to protest Havana s failure to protect staff at the U.S. embassy in the communist country. Washington also has recalled more than half its diplomatic personnel from Cuba. At least 22 U.S. diplomatic personnel have reported having health issues after being subjected to the apparent attacks. They have suffered hearing loss, dizziness, fatigue, cognitive problems and other health issues. The Associated Press obtained what it said on Thursday was an audio recording of the sound that Americans heard during the incidents in Cuba. The audio was of a high-pitched, electronic squeaking noise. ",1
17633,FDP's push to invite Putin to G7 sows discord within possible German coalition,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The leader of Germany s pro-business Free Democrats (FDP), a possible partner in Chancellor Angela Merkel s new government, has called for Russia to be invited to the next summit of the Group of Seven industrialized countries. The proposal met immediate resistance from Merkel s conservatives and the environmentalist Greens, throwing a possible wrench into already tricky negotiations about a three-way ruling coalition. FDP leader Christian Lindner told the Austrian newspaper Die Pressed that readmitting Russia to the Group of Eight could help ease tensions with Moscow. Russia was suspended from the group in 2014 after it annexed Ukraine s Crimea peninsula following an uprising in Kiev that toppled its pro-Moscow president.  We cannot make all things dependent on the situation in Crimea,  Lindner said, although he said Russia s violation of international law could not be accepted.  But this is the most severe conflict and that s the last place we ll see progress,  Lindner said.  That s why I m in favor of intensifying dialogue - and that Putin is asked to join the table of the G7 and that one talks with him and not about him.  Juergen Hardt, foreign policy spokesman for the conservatives, called Lindner s suggestion  unhelpful .  Putin would tout readmission to the exclusive G8 discussion format as confirmation of his policies at home, and that would be counterproductive,  Hardt said. Omnid Nouripour, a Greens lawmaker and foreign policy expert, urged the FDP chief to refrain from any further suggestions until the potential coalition partners had worked out their Russia policy. The three blocs are due to start exploratory talks about a coalition next week, but experts have warned it could take months to bridge their differences on migration, climate and taxes. Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble, a member of Merkel s conservatives, told an event in Washington that he expected the talks to be completed by Christmas. Fifty-seven percent of voters support the idea of the three-way coalition, according to a new poll for broadcaster ARD. Lindner had already raised eyebrows in August when he suggested that Germany might have to accept Russia s 2014 annexation of the Crimea region of Ukraine as a  permanent provisional arrangement . Merkel and Greens politicians have previously rejected calls to gradually lift sanctions against Russia imposed over its role in the Ukraine crisis. The center-right chancellor has also objected to the idea of inviting Putin to G7 meetings. Turning to euro zone policies, Lindner repeated his criticism of French President Emmanuel Macron s proposals to create a joint euro zone budget.  A red line for us in any coalition talks is the mutualization of debt in Europe, the creation of new pots of money,  Lindner said. ",1
17634,"U.S., Israel quit U.N. heritage agency citing bias","PARIS (Reuters) - The United States and Israel announced on Thursday they were quitting the U.N. s cultural agency UNESCO, after Washington accused it of anti-Israeli bias. The withdrawal of the United States, which is meant to provide a fifth of UNESCO s funding, is a major blow for the Paris-based organization, founded after World War Two to help protect cultural and natural heritage around the world. UNESCO is best known for designating World Heritage Sites such as the ancient city of Palmyra in Syria and the Grand Canyon National Park.  This decision was not taken lightly, and reflects U.S. concerns with mounting arrears at UNESCO, the need for fundamental reform in the organization, and continuing anti-Israel bias,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement. Hours later, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Israel would quit too, calling the U.S. decision  brave and moral . UNESCO Director-General Irina Bokova expressed her disappointment:  At the time when conflicts continue to tear apart societies across the world, it is deeply regrettable for the United States to withdraw from the United Nations agency promoting education for peace and protecting culture under attack,  she said.  This is a loss to the United Nations family. This is a loss for multilateralism.  Washington has already withheld its funding for UNESCO since 2011, when the body admitted Palestine as a full member. The United States and Israel were among just 14 of 194 members that voted against admitting the Palestinians. Washington s arrears on its $80 million annual dues since then are now over $500 million. Although Washington supports a future independent Palestinian state, it says this should emerge out of peace talks and it considers it unhelpful for international organizations to admit Palestine until negotiations are complete. In recent years, Israel has repeatedly complained about what it says is the body taking sides in disputes over cultural heritage sites in Jerusalem and the Palestinian territories.  Today is a new day at the U.N., where there is price to pay for discrimination against Israel,  Israel s Ambassador to the United Nations Danny Danon said. Netanyahu told world leaders at the U.N. General Assembly last month that UNESCO was promoting  fake history  after it designated Hebron and the two adjoined shrines at its heart - the Jewish Tomb of the Patriarchs and the Muslim Ibrahimi Mosque - as a  Palestinian World Heritage Site in Danger.      An Arab-backed UNESCO resolution last year condemned Israeli s policies at religious sites in East Jerusalem and the West Bank. Under UNESCO rules, the U.S. withdrawal will become effective as of the end of December 2018. Three diplomats had told Reuters earlier on Thursday of the impending decision. The organization, which employs around 2,000 people worldwide, most of them based in Paris, has struggled for relevance as it becomes increasingly hobbled by regional rivalries and a lack of money. UNESCO, whose full name is the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, is in the process of selecting a new chief, whose priority will be to revive its fortunes. The U.S. move underscores the scepticism expressed by President Donald Trump about the need for the U.S. to remain engaged in multi-lateral bodies. The president has touted an  America First  policy, which puts U.S. economic and national interests ahead of international commitments. Since Trump took office, the United States has abandoned the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade talks and withdrawn from the Paris climate deal. Washington is also reviewing its membership of the Geneva-based U.N. Human Rights Council, which it also accuses of being anti-Israel.  The absence of the United States or any large country with a lot of power is a loss. It s not just about money, it s promoting ideals that are vital to countries like the United States, such as education and culture,  a UNESCO-based diplomat said, warning that others could follow. For differing reasons, Britain, Japan and Brazil are among states that have yet to pay their dues for 2017. Russia s former envoy to UNESCO told RIA news agency the agency was better off without the Americans.  In recent years, they ve been of no use for this organization,  Eleanora Mitrofanova said.  Since 2011 they have practically not been paying to the budget of this organization... They decided to exit - this is absolutely in line with Trump s general logic today.  After four days of secret balloting to pick a new UNESCO chief, Qatar s Hamad bin Abdulaziz al-Kawari qualified for the Friday runoff. France s Audrey Azoulay and Egypt s Moushira Khattab were tied in second. One will be eliminated after another vote by 58-member Executive Council on Friday. If the two finalists end level, they draw lots. The election has exposed deep rivalries between Qatar and Egypt that has its roots in the crisis engulfing Qatar and its Gulf Arab neighbors which have severed diplomatic, trade and travel ties with Doha after accusing it of sponsoring hardline Islamist groups, a charge Qatar denies. ",1
17635,"Britain still committed to UNESCO, PM May's spokesman says","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain remains committed to UNESCO, a spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said on Thursday after the United States withdrew from the U.N. s cultural and educational agency.  The government is committed to continued UK membership of UNESCO and to working with other member states in support of its important work,  the spokesman told reporters.  But obviously the U.S. relationship with UNESCO is a matter for them.   ",1
17636,"Russia regrets U.S. withdrawal from UNESCO, says important projects may suffer","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s foreign ministry said on Thursday it regrets the decision by the U.S. leadership to quit UNESCO, adding the move would disrupt a number of important projects planned by the United Nation s cultural and educational agency.  We share the concern by many countries that the activity of UNESCO has been too politicized lately,  the ministry said in a statement.  We hope the new director general will spare no effort to change the current situation and focus on exclusively humanitarian issues, which would allow us to continue beneficial cooperation in UNESCO s fields of competence with all countries, including the United States.  ",1
17637,Hyatt Hotels discovers card data breach at 41 properties,"(Reuters) - Hyatt Hotels Corp (H.N) said on Thursday it had discovered unauthorized access to payment card information at certain Hyatt-managed locations worldwide between March 18, 2017 and July 2, 2017. Hyatt said the incident affected payment card information, such as, cardholder name, card number, expiration date and internal verification code, from cards manually entered or swiped at the front desk of certain Hyatt-managed locations. (bit.ly/2yHBSfr)      The owner of Andaz, Park Hyatt and Grand Hyatt chain of hotels said a total of 41 properties were affected in 11 countries, with China accounting for 18 properties, the most among impacted countries. Seven Hyatt properties were affected at U.S. locations, including three in Hawaii, three in Puerto Rico and one in Guam.  The Chicago, Illinois-based company said its cyber security team discovered signs of the unauthorized access in July and launched an internal investigation, completed on Thursday, that resolved the issue and took steps to prevent this from happening in the future. This is not the first time Hyatt is facing data breach problem at its hotels. In late 2015 Hyatt said its payment processing system was infected with credit-card-stealing malware, that had affected 250 hotels in about 50 countries. ",1
17638,"Tillerson consulted Britain, China, France, Russia on Iran","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has spoken with senior officials of Britain, China, France and Russia in recent days to discuss President Donald Trump s planned announcement on Iran on Friday, the State Department said without giving details.  I would describe them as listening calls, consulting calls and having conversations about the overall rollout, if you will, of the plan ... which the president will announce tomorrow,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told reporters, saying Tillerson spoke to the French and Russian foreign ministers and Chinese State Councilor Yang Jiechi on Thursday and to British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson  in recent days.  ",1
17639,"As tricky coalition talks loom, Merkel hopes for regional poll boost","BERLIN (Reuters) - Chastened by their worst result since 1949 in September s national election, Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives are hoping for victory in a regional vote on Sunday to strengthen their hand in thorny three-way coalition talks in Berlin. While victory in the Lower Saxony region might strengthen Merkel s position within her party, a conservative failure to emerge as the strongest party could prompt talk of weakening authority and possible eventual succession, said Berlin-based political expert Gero Neugebauer. Lower Saxony, an agricultural heartland and Germany s second biggest region, offers Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) the prospect of a morale boost as they seek to cobble together an unprecedented  Jamaica  national coalition with the liberal Free Democrats (FDP) and Greens. The road to such an alliance, named after the Caribbean nation as the parties  colors match those of its flag, is littered with disputes on everything from migrants to tax and the environment. It would be the clunky coalition s federal debut if talks, due to start next week, prove a success. Carsten Nickel, deputy research director at Teneo Intelligence, said Sunday s election - which polls show is set to be a neck-and-neck contest between the CDU and the rival Social Democrats (SPD) - would determine momentum going into national coalition negotiations. The election in the northern state, home to carmaker Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE), was called after a lawmaker in the Greens party - junior coalition partner to the SPD there - defected to the CDU, robbing the ruling alliance of its one-seat majority.  If Merkel managed to steal that state from the SPD, it would probably be a little bit of a boost,  he said.  It would probably be slightly easier for her to argue internally for the required compromise and for striking the deals and so on that will be required over the next couple of weeks.   However, a new poll for broadcaster ZDP released late on Thursday showed the SPD with 34.5 percent, closely followed by the CDU with 33 percent. The Greens and FDP both had 9 percent while the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) was on track to get 7 percent and move into Lower Saxony s state assembly for the first time. The Left party got 5 percent. About 29 percent of voters were still undecided about which party to support or whether to vote at all, it showed. The CDU has dropped far below the 12-point lead it had over the SPD in August at the start of a campaign that has centered on regional issues such as education, as well as an influx of migrants to Germany over the last two years. The latest poll means the SPD and Greens would not have enough support to govern again, even if they joined forces with the Left party. That leaves a coalition of the SPD and conservatives, a coalition of the SPD, Greens and FDP, or the Jamaica coalition being pursued on a national level. Merkel s CDU and their Bavarian sister party (CSU) removed a major stumbling block to those coalition talks on Sunday by ending a dispute over migrant policy with an agreement to limit the number of migrants coming to Germany. Merkel s conservative bloc won 33 percent in September s national election, losing 8.5 points compared with 2013, as voters upset with Merkel s 2015 decision to open the borders to more than a million migrants abandoned the party. The result effectively brought an end to the existing national coalition with the SPD, who also performed badly. ",1
17640,Factbox: Italy's new electoral law offers a mix of systems,"ROME (Reuters) - Italy s lower house of parliament on Thursday approved a new electoral law for use in the next national election, due by May 2018. The bill now passes to the upper house for further debate. Here are the main points of the bill. Italy gives Latin names to its electoral laws. This new proposal is called the Rosatellum, named after Ettore Rosato, the parliamentary party leader of the ruling Democratic Party (PD) who helped draft the legislation. The bill envisages that some 36 percent of parliamentarians in both the upper and lower houses will be elected on a first-past-the-post basis, with the rest chosen by pure proportional representation via party lists.  Parties can stand alone or as part of broader coalitions. Single parties need to win at least 3 percent of the vote to gain seats, while coalitions need to take 10 percent.  Unlike the previous Italian electoral law, the Rosatellum does not give an automatic majority to any party or group that wins more than 40 percent of the vote. With opinion polls split three ways between the center-right, the center-left and the maverick 5-Star Movement, there is unlikely to be a clearcut winner in the next election. Voters get two voting slips   one for the Senate and one for the lower house. They can only put one cross on each slip, with that vote counted for both the first-past-the-post and PR segments. Under previous electoral systems, voters were able to split their vote between individual candidates and the parties. Candidates can put their name down for the first-past-the-post ballot in one constituency, and also be on five PR lists in locations of their choosing. There will be two to four names on each party PR list. The party leaders will have a major say in whose names go on the lists.  In the lower house, 232 seats will be reserved for first-past-the-post winners, 386 will be reserved for the PR lists, and 12 will be reserved for overseas constituencies. In the Senate, 102 seats will go to first-past-the-post winners, 207 will go to the PR lists, and 6 will be for the overseas vote. No more than 60 percent of the candidates on any of the lists can be of the same sex. ",1
17641,Families fleeing Syria's Raqqa say air strikes bring heavy toll,"RAQQA, Syria (Reuters) - Air raids by U.S. coalition warplanes have intensified in recent days as Kurdish and Arab militias seek to drive surrounded Islamic State militants from their last strongholds in Syria s Raqqa   but the toll on civilians has been severe.  Hundreds of civilians fled the city on Thursday, many wounded and malnourished after being trapped for months by fighting between Islamic State and the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF).  Those who fled said the sheer intensity of the bombardment appeared to have made militants shift their positions, retreat or hide underground, giving civilians a window in which to escape. Abdullah Ali s burns were still raw from an air strike that brought down his building and killed his entire family a week ago in central Raqqa.  My wife, mum, dad, all 14 people in my family were killed. Their bodies are trapped under rubble,  the 24-year-old said, sitting outside a mosque on Raqqa s outskirts. Ali s neighbor Abdo Hussein said more than 50 people were in the building when the air strike hit. Just a handful survived and 13 bodies had been pulled out, he said. The offensive to drive Islamic State out of Raqqa, its de facto Syrian capital which it seized in 2014, has long outlasted initial predictions by SDF officials who said ahead of a final assault in June that it could take just weeks. The SDF said last week the city could be declared captured in the coming days. There are still several hundred militants in the city and thousands of residents, the coalition says, many of them believed to be held hostage by IS in a hospital and nearby stadium.     People had tried to escape before but were shot at by Daesh (Islamic State). I even saw them kill a two-year-old child,  Um Moussa, 38, said, sitting inside the mosque.  This morning they didn t seem to be around, or weren t firing.  My son saw hordes of people leaving so we decided to go for it. I d been sleeping fully dressed   we were ready to flee at the first chance,  she said, wearing black robes and a face veil required under Islamic State s strict laws. But weakening the militants with air power has come at a high cost in civilian lives, she and others said.  Yesterday four entire families were killed in our area. It s strike after strike.  All those who escaped on Thursday came from a district near the stadium. They said many buildings had been hit as Islamic State fighters fired from them.  Each building has dozens of civilians in it, so of course many have died,  said Hussein. Air strikes were precise, often taking out a single building without damaging those next door, but militants often managed to leave before the missiles hit, he said. The coalition says it takes great pains to avoid causing civilian casualties and investigates all reports that it has done so.  Residents described miserable living conditions and lack of food, water and medical aid with the remaining areas Islamic State controls completely cut off.  Daesh have clinics but it s to treat their fighters, not us,  Hussein said. Umm Mousa said she, her husband and eight children had slept in their cellar by night to hide from the bombardment and the militants, but that Islamic State was now deliberately avoiding interaction with residents.  They re suspicious, scared, in case any of the civilian population are informers   they re keeping their distance a bit now,  she said. Local Islamic State fighters have been surrendering in recent weeks, the U.S. coalition and residents say. Outside the mosque, several blindfolded men were brought into an SDF headquarters for questioning. Islamic State foreign fighters are expected to fight to the death, however.  The foreigners, those are the hard core,  said one escaped resident, Ahmed Faraj.  They won t give up.  ",1
17642,"Italy lower house passes new electoral law, moves on to Senate","ROME (Reuters) - The Italian Chamber of Deputies on Thursday gave its final approval to a contested electoral law that is likely to penalize the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement in next year s election. The bill, which is supported by the ruling Democratic Party (PD) and mainstream center-right opposition parties, was approved in a secret ballot by 375 votes to 215, and will now move to the upper house Senate for further debate. The so-called  Rosatellum  law favors parties which group together ahead of the election. The 5-Star refuses to join any alliance and says the reform could cost it at least 50 seats in the next parliament, hobbling its chances of taking power. ",1
17643,Chad withdraws troops from fight against Boko Haram in Niger,"NIAMEY/DAKAR (Reuters) - Chad has withdrawn hundreds of troops from neighboring Niger, where they were helping local forces fight Boko Haram Islamist militants, humanitarian sources and officials said. The pull-out over the past two weeks could weaken a region-wide struggle against the militants who have killed tens of thousands of people, forced many more to flee and triggered a humanitarian crisis. There was no immediate explanation or comment from defense officials in Chad. But the move came a month after the vast central African country complained about an unexpected U.S. travel ban imposed on its nationals. Chad warned at the time the order could affect its security commitments - which include its involvement in the U.S.-backed fight against Boko Haram. Residents said the withdrawal had already had an impact on Niger s Diffa region, which has seen a string of attacks by Boko Haram militants crossing over from their base in neighboring Nigeria. Ibrahim Arimi from the border village of Bosso said banditry had increased since the Chadian troops started leaving and he had been temporarily moved to another village for safety. Diffa parliamentarian Lamido Moumouni said residents had started complaining.  They have come to rely on the forces so there is a perception that security will be lacking,  he said by telephone. At its peak in 2016 after an attack in Bosso, Chad had 2,000 troops in Niger to help counter Boko Haram although security sources said this has fallen since. Boko Haram has attacked Chad, Niger and Cameroon from its base in northeast Nigeria. Its eight-year bid to carve out an Islamist caliphate has driven millions from their homes - more than 200,000 of them are now based in Diffa, with little prospect of returning home.  Thousands of them are camped alongside an unfinished highway in the middle of a barren savannah with few resources.  Chad s soldiers also occupy front-line positions in a peacekeeping force in northern Mali. Falling oil revenues after the price crash in 2014 has also sapped Chad s appetite for expensive regional security commitments, analysts say. ",1
17644,"Palestinian rivals Fatah, Hamas sign reconciliation accord","GAZA/CAIRO (Reuters) - Rival Palestinian factions Hamas and Fatah signed a reconciliation deal on Thursday after Hamas agreed to hand over administrative control of Gaza, including the key Rafah border crossing, a decade after seizing the enclave in a civil war. The deal brokered by Egypt bridges a bitter gulf between the Western-backed mainstream Fatah party of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Hamas, an Islamist movement designated as a terrorist group by Western countries and Israel. Palestinian unity could also bolster Abbas s hand in any revival of talks on a Palestinian state in Israeli-occupied territory. Internal Palestinian strife has been a major obstacle to peacemaking, with Hamas having fought three wars with Israel since 2008 and continuing to call for its destruction.       Hamas s agreement to transfer administrative powers in Gaza to a Fatah-backed government marked a major reversal, prompted  partly by its fears of financial and political isolation after its main patron and donor, Qatar, plunged in June into a major diplomatic dispute with key allies like Saudi Arabia. They accuse Qatar of supporting Islamist militants, which it denies. Israel viewed the Palestinian accord warily, saying it must abide by previous international agreements and terms set out by the Quartet of Middle East peace mediators - including the recognition of Israel and the disarming of Hamas.  Israel will examine developments in the field and act accordingly,  said a statement from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu s office. Thousands of Palestinians took to the streets across Gaza on Thursday in celebration of the unity pact, with loudspeakers on open cars blasting national songs, youths dancing and hugging and many waving Palestine and Egyptian flags. Egypt helped mediate several previous attempts to reconcile the two movements and form a power-sharing unity government in Gaza and the West Bank, where Abbas and the Fatah-led Palestinian Authority (PA) are based.  Hamas and Fatah agreed in 2014 to form a national reconciliation government, but the deal soon dissipated in mutual recriminations with Hamas continuing to dominate Gaza.  The legitimate government, the government of consensus, will return according to its responsibilities and according to the law,  Fatah delegation chief Azzam Al-Ahmed said at the signing ceremony in Cairo. He said the unity government would  run all institutions without exception,  including all border crossings with Israel and in Rafah, Gaza s only access point with Egypt. The agreement calls for Abbas s presidential guard to assume responsibility of the Rafah crossing on Nov. 1, and for the full handover of administrative control of Gaza to the unity government to be completed by Dec. 1. Analysts said the deal is more likely to stick than earlier ones, given Hamas s growing isolation and realization of how hard Gaza, its economy hobbled by border blockades and infrastructure shattered by wars with Israel, was to govern and rebuild. Deeper Egyptian involvement, believed to have been backed by Saudi Arabia and other Arab states, also helped cement the deal.  We in Hamas are determined and are serious this time and just like all other times ... We have dissolved the administrative committee (shadow government)... We have opened the door to reaching this reconciliation,  Saleh Arouri, the head of Hamas negotiators in Cairo, said after the signing ceremony. Delegations from the two rivals have been in talks in Cairo this week to work out the details of the administrative handover, including security in Gaza and at border crossings. Key was the Rafah crossing, once the gateway to the world for the 2 million people packed into the small impoverished territory. Fatah said it should be run by the presidential guards, supervised by the European Union border agency, EUBAM, instead of the Hamas-linked employees now deployed.  EUBAM Rafah maintains readiness to redeploy to the Rafah crossing point when the security and political situations will allow,  said Mohammad Al-Saadi, press officer for the EU Coordinating Office for Palestinian Police Support. Any decision on EUBAM deployment would be taken in conjunction with the Palestinian Authority and Israel s government, he said in a statement.  Some 3,000 Fatah security officers are to join the Gaza police force. But Hamas would remain the most powerful armed Palestinian faction, with around 25,000 well-armed militants.  Both rivals hope the deal s proposed deployment of security personnel from the PA to Gaza s borders will encourage Egypt and Israel to lift tight restrictions at frontier crossings - a step urgently needed to help Gaza revive a war-shattered economy. Another major issue in talks on the deal was the fate of 40,000 to 50,000 employees Hamas has hired in Gaza since 2007, a thorny point that helped crash the 2014 unity accord. Under the deal, these employees will receive 50 percent of what their PA salary would be - or equivalent to what they are paid now by Hamas - pending vetting of their professional qualifications.     Hamas and Fatah are also debating a potential date for presidential and legislative elections and reforms of the Palestine Liberation Organization, which is in charge of long-stalled peace efforts with Israel. The last Palestinian legislative election was in 2006, when Hamas scored a surprise victory. That sparked the political rupture between Hamas and Fatah, which eventually led to their short civil war in Gaza. ",1
17645,U.S. believes current North Korea nuclear threat is manageable: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House Chief of Staff John Kelly said on Thursday the Trump administration thinks the threat posed by North Korea s nuclear weapons capability is currently manageable but Pyongyang cannot be allowed to develop the ability to strike the U.S. homeland.  A state that has developed a pretty good ICBM (missile) capability and is developing a pretty good nuclear re-entry vehicle, I would believe ... that that state simply cannot have the ability to reach the homeland,  Kelly said.  Right now we think the threat is manageable but over time if it grows beyond where it is today, well, let s hope that diplomacy works,  said Kelly, a retired Marine Corps general. ",1
17646,U.S. general says concerned about Iran's long-term activities in region,"TAMPA, Fla (Reuters) - The head of U.S. Central Command said he was concerned about Iran s long-term activities in the region and he would continue to focus on protecting U.S. troops, even as Iran has said U.S. regional military bases would be at risk if further sanctions were passed.  Iran is kind of a long-term destabilizing actor in the region and so we remain concerned about their activities as well,  U.S. General Joseph Votel told reporters. Trump is expected to unveil a broad strategy on confronting Iran this week, likely on Friday.  Leadership will make the decisions and we will be prepared to do what we need to do to continue to protect ourselves and particularity to protect our interests in the region,  Votel added. ",1
17647,Germany's Schaeuble says soft Brexit best way to minimize damage,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A  soft Brexit  incorporating trade deals would be the best way to minimize damage to Britain and the European Union, German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said on Thursday.  Schaeuble, in Washington for a meetings of the International Monetary Fund, also praised the pro-European stance of French President Emmanuel Macron and said multilateralism was a prerequisite for world peace. He said he hoped British finance minister Philip Hammond and other backers of a so-called  soft Brexit  prevailed in negotiations over the terms of Britain s exit from the EU. The talks have stalled on issues like the bill Britain must pay to leave and the future of Northern Ireland s land border with the EU.  Hammond, considered one of the most pro-EU members of Prime Minister Theresa May s cabinet, on Wednesday warned that the lack of direction to talks was hurting business investment and consumer confidence. A  soft Brexit  - in which Britain remains in or close to the EU s single market and keeps many of the trade and business benefits it had as member - would be preferable, Schaeuble said.  That is the best way to keep the damage as minimal as possible,  he said during a event on the sidelines of the IMF meeting. Schaeuble said he was optimistic that Chancellor Angela Merkel and her conservatives would be able to forge a new coalition government before Christmas, that the new team would stick to a stable economic and pro-European course. Merkel is trying to put together a three-way coalition with the pro-business Free Democrats and the environmentalists Greens. The parties must still resolve differences over immigration, taxes and energy. Schaeuble is due to become president of the lower house of the German parliament and step down as finance minister, freeing the post for someone from another party. The job is likely to go to a member of the FDP, but a key ally of Merkel on Thursday said he would like to keep the spot for the conservatives to preserve Schaeuble s insistence on a balanced budget. ",1
17648,Iraqi govt says Kurds must back country's 'unity' before talks,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The Iraqi government has a series of conditions that the Kurdish Regional Government (KRG) must meet before agreeing to hold talks on the crisis triggered by last month s independence referendum, a government spokesman said on Thursday. The KRG must first  commit to Iraq s unity,  the spokesman told Reuters, reacting to an offer for dialogue made Wednesday overnight by the Kurdish authorities.   The local authorities in the (Kurdistan) region (..) must accept the sovereign authority of the federal government on (..) oil exports, security and border protection, including land and air entry points,  he added.   The KRG must also  acknowledge the authority of the federal government over the so-called disputed regions,  he said, in a reference to areas claimed by both the Kurds and Baghdad, including multi-ethnic oil-rich Kirkuk, in northern Iraq. Kurdish Peshmerga fighters moved into Kirkuk when the Iraqi army collapsed in the face of Islamic State in 2014, preventing the region s oil field from falling into the hands of the militants.  Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi last week suggested that Kirkuk be administered jointly, by the KRG and the Iraqi government, but under the authority of Baghdad.  This is the basis for any dialogue requested by the local government of the region,  the spokesman said. ",1
17649,U.S. and Britain begin dialogue on post-Brexit farm deal,"LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue met with British politicians on Thursday as the two countries eye the potential for increased farm trade once Britain leaves the European Union. Perdue talked to members of the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Select Committee (EFRA) in the House of Commons and is due to meet his British counterpart Michael Gove on Friday.  Britain is still part of the EU and we have to be respectful of that relationship but that doesn t preclude the fact we can begin the conversations on what would be in our best interests as two sovereign nations to pursue going forward,  Perdue told reporters after the meeting. There have been concerns in Britain about differing food safety standards with historic practices in the United States such as washing chicken carcasses in chlorine banned in the EU.  I think that is one of the things I m here to dispel. We don t process chicken with chlorine any longer,  he said, adding he wanted British consumers to be able to make decisions  based on sound science and facts, not perception or myth.  Committee members raised the importance of maintaining food standards in any trade deal.  We must ensure that a trade deal protects UK consumers and maintains a level playing field for our own producers. Food safety and animal welfare standards must upheld in any future Free Trade Agreement,  EFRA chair Neil Parish said. Perdue said would be premature to go into too much detail on future trade potential but added there might be scope for increased UK exports of lamb.  We think probably the UK is ahead of us in lamb and sheep production. There is big demand to have access to the U.S. market in those products,  he said. Parish said the domestic U.S. market presented significant opportunities for the UK food and farming industry and following Brexit the government  should focus on securing a great bilateral trade deal with our U.S. partners.  ",1
17650,"Myanmar army chief says Rohingya Muslims 'not natives,' numbers fleeing exaggerated","YANGON (Reuters) - Rohingya Muslims are not native to Myanmar, the army chief told the U.S. ambassador in a meeting in which he apparently did not address accusations of abuses by his men and said media was complicit in exaggerating the number of refugees fleeing. The U.N. human rights office said on Wednesday Myanmar forces had brutally driven out half a million Rohingya from northern Rakhine state to Bangladesh in recent weeks, torching homes, crops and villages to prevent them from returning. Thousands of Rohingya were leaving the state on Thursday, aiming to reach Bangladesh by boat, citing a shortage of food and fear of repression, residents said. A Myanmar official said people were leaving but he dismissed the suggestion hunger and intimidation were factors. The army chief, Senior General Min Aung Hlaing, gave his most extensive account of the Rohingya refugee crisis aimed at an international audience in the meeting with Ambassador Scot Marciel, according to a report posted on his Facebook page. The general is the most powerful person in Buddhist-majority Myanmar and his apparently uncompromising stance would indicate little sensitivity about the military s image over a crisis that has drawn international condemnation and raised questions about a transition to democracy under Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi. The military campaign is popular in Myanmar, where there is little sympathy for the mostly stateless Rohingya, and where Buddhist nationalism has surged. Min Aung Hlaing, referring to Rohingya by the term  Bengali , which they regard as derogatory, said British colonialists were responsible for the problem.  The Bengalis were not taken into the country by Myanmar, but by the colonialists,  he told Marciel, according to the account of the meeting posted on Thursday.  They are not the natives.  Coordinated Rohingya insurgent attacks on some 30 security posts on Aug. 25 sparked a ferocious military response. The U.N. rights office said in its report, based on 65 interviews with Rohingya who had arrived in Bangladesh, that abuses had begun before the Aug. 25 attacks and included killings, torture and rape of children. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley last month denounced a  brutal, sustained campaign to cleanse the country of an ethnic minority  and called on countries to suspend providing weapons to Myanmar until its military put sufficient accountability measures in place. The European Union and the United States are considering targeted sanctions against Myanmar s military leaders, officials familiar with the discussions said this week. Suu Kyi was swept into office last year after winning an election, but the military holds immense power, including exclusive say over security. U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein has described the government operations as  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing  and said the action appeared to be  a cynical ploy to forcibly transfer large numbers of people without possibility of return . Min Aung Hlaing did not refer to such accusations, according to the published account, but said the insurgents had killed 90 Hindus and 30 Rohingya linked to the government. Insurgent opposition to a citizenship verification campaign, which used the term Bengali, was behind the Aug. 25 attacks that sparked the violence, he said.  Local Bengalis were involved in the attacks under the leadership of ARSA. That is why they might have fled as they feel insecure,  he said, referring to the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army insurgents.  The native place of Bengalis is really Bengal,  he said. He said it was an exaggeration to say a  very large  number were fleeing to Bangladesh and there had been  instigation and propaganda by using the media from behind the scene . He did not elaborate but said the  real situation  had to be relayed to the international community. U.N. political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman is due to visit on Friday. Rohingya residents of Rakhine said up to 10,000 people had left on Wednesday and Thursday. One resident, a teacher, said there had been no military offensive recently but people were going.  There s no work, nowhere to get food and the government isn t helping,  said the teacher, who, like the first resident, declined to be identified. Rakhine state s secretary, Tin Maung Swe, said people were leaving  every day  to join relatives already in Bangladesh.  Nobody is starving in death in Myanmar. The government is trying to support those in need,  he said.  They can fish or catch shrimps in the creeks near their villages.  No one s killing them or intimidating them.  Suu Kyi, in a televised address, spoke about the importance of humanitarian assistance for all people in Rakhine and said the government would accept refugees back. She said aid groups, international organizations and Myanmar expatriates would help with the long-term development of the state. She did not refer to accusations of rights abuses by the army.     ",1
17651,"Somalia's top military chiefs resign, no reason given","MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Two of Somalia s highest-ranking military officials have resigned, state outlets said on Thursday, in moves that could deal a blow to the war-torn Horn of Africa country s efforts to fight Islamist militants. Somalia has been at war since 1991, when clan-based warlords overthrew dictator Siad Barre and then turned on each other. For a decade, the weak U.N.-backed government has also been fighting alongside African Union troops against Al Shabaab, which aims to topple the government and impose its own strict interpretation of Islam.  On Thursday, state-owned Radio Muqdisho said the army s Chief of Defence Forces Ahmed Jimale Gedi had stepped down and Defence Minister Abdirashid Abdullahi Mohamed had submitted his resignation to President Mohamed Abdullahi Farmaajo s cabinet.  The Cabinet appointed General Abdiweli Jama Hussein ... after Ahmed Jimale Gedi resigned on Thursday,  the radio station said, adding that Mohamed s bid was also accepted. Radio Muqdishu did not disclose the reasons behind their decisions. Neither the officials themselves nor government spokespeople were immediately available for comment. Al Qaeda-allied al Shabaab was driven out of the capital Mogadishu in 2010, but their deadly attacks remain one of the main obstacles to stability in the chaotic nation, which lies along one of the world s busiest shipping routes. Somalia s rebuilding efforts have also been hampered by clan rivalries. Rival regions still sometimes take up arms against each other. ",1
17652,Philippines' Duterte hopes drugs war shift will satisfy 'bleeding hearts'," ((This story contains obscene language in the 15 and 16 paragraphs).) By Manuel Mogato and Neil Jerome Morales MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said on Thursday he hoped a shift to target big networks in his war on drugs would satisfy  bleeding hearts  and interfering Western states fixated on the high death toll in his brutal crackdown. In a televised speech, Duterte read a memorandum that removes police from the drugs war and places the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA) in charge, then launched a curse-laden tirade at foreign critics of a campaign that has killed thousands of Filipinos.  Duterte appeared to target some European parliamentarians among a group called the Progressive Alliance, which on Monday said it was  extremely alarmed  by the drugs war and warned the Philippines risked losing trade privileges because of unchecked abuses by police during his signature campaign.  I am not interested anymore in using any other (agency), just let PDEA,  he said.  They seem to want it, I want, as a last word, maybe this would suffice for the stupid European Union guys. They were all focused on how many deaths.  The European Union delegation in Manila issued a statement clarifying that it had no involvement in the visit by the Progressive Alliance. It was unclear whether the decision to change tactics in the anti-drugs campaign was influenced by Western pressure. The administration on Thursday said the shift was to target  big fish , moving away from street level operations to go after big networks and suppliers. Police disbanded all 18 regional anti-drugs units on Thursday. Presidential spokesman Ernesto Abella said the new aim was for PDEA to target  higher echelons of the syndicates, as well as their protectors in government.  That message will sound familiar, with similar announcements a year ago when a new phase of the drugs war was launched to catch producers and suppliers.  Critics say that never happened and small-time dealers and users and the urban poor continued to bear the brunt of the 3,900 killings by police. Police say armed suspects resisted arrest in every one of those cases and they deny allegations victims were executed. Duterte was furious on Thursday and appeared to suggest European lawmakers had warned the Philippines could lose its U.N. membership. Duterte lashed out at Western powers who colonized countries, started wars,  stole  oil from the Middle East, and said they had import terrorism to their own shores. He dared them to cut ties with the Philippines and have their ambassadors leave within 24 hours. He said his new alliances with Russia and China - U.N. Security Council permanent members - would keep the Philippines in the United Nations.  We will be excluded in the U.N.? You son of a bitch. Go ahead. You are interfering in our affairs because we are poor. You give money and then you start to orchestrate what things should be done,  he said.  You bullshit. We are past the colonization stage. Don t fuck with us.  Duterte s spokesman Abella later clarified that Duterte s  expression of outrage  was a reaction to the Progressive Alliance, which had  falsely portrayed itself as an EU mission  and made irresponsible statements. The strategic shift in his war on drugs comes at a difficult time for Duterte, who though still hugely popular, saw a sharp decline in ratings according to a poll released on Sunday. It also followed an anti-Duterte protest last month by thousands of people and rare public outrage over the killing by police of a teenager. Several surveys released recently show doubts among Filipinos about the validity of police accounts, and whether victims were all drug dealers. With only a fraction of the manpower and budget of the police, PDEA will have a challenge to keep up the intensity of the crackdown. Duterte placed PDEA in charge in January and suspended police from anti-drugs operations. But he reinstated them a few week later, arguing drugs had returned to the streets.  PDEA spokesman Derrick Carreon said the agency was up to the task.  We are ready, we can do it,  Carreon said.  We will target the source, the so-called big fish. Removing these high-value targets will also eliminate the street level distribution and disrupt the entire network.  Duterte acknowledged the death toll in PDEA s operations was smaller than that of police, and said human rights groups and the media should be happy.  Let s go there. No death, no encounter. So better for the bleeding hearts and media. I hope I will satisfy you,  he said. ",1
17653,Zimbabwe ruling party plans vote to strengthen Mugabe's hand,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s ruling ZANU-PF is planning a special vote to give veteran President Robert Mugabe a fresh five-year mandate as party leader, three sources said, strengthening his hand as rivals plot to succeed him. One member of the party s politburo told Reuters the 93-year-old president could also use the party election in December to end divisions in its top ranks, raising the prospect of the removal of some of his challengers.  Comrade Mugabe is the only one center of power in ZANU-PF and that will be re-affirmed in December,  another politburo member told Reuters. Mugabe is the only leader Zimbabwe has known since its independence from Britain in 1980 and is due to stand again in presidential elections next year. But his age, rumors about his health and a mounting economic crisis have prompted open speculation in local media of factions competing for control of the party, one led by Mugabe s wife Grace. Politicians and diplomats told Reuters last month that Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa had also been positioning himself for the day Mugabe either steps down or dies - an account backed up by hundreds of documents from inside Zimbabwe s Central Intelligence Organization. Leading members of the party held a five-hour meeting on Wednesday and decided to start making plans to hold the vote at a special congress, three people there said. Mugabe s term as party leader would have ended in 2019. A new mandate would take him past his 98th birthday.  His argument is that the party is divided and only an elective congress can unite the party and go into the elections as a united team,  the first politburo member said. When asked whether Mnangagwa would be fired at the meeting, the member said Mugabe was a stickler for party rules and had so far resisted pressure to ax the vice president outside such a congress. He did not elaborate further. Mnangagwa last week told reporters he had been poisoned in August - a report quickly dismissed by Grace Mugabe who went on to accuse the vice president of plotting to overthrow her husband. The vice president - also known as Ngwena or the Crocodile -was seen as Mugabe s favored heir when he was appointed in December 2014.  But his political fortunes have dimmed in recent months. On Monday, Mugabe stripped him of his control of the justice ministry in a reshuffle and fired three of his allies. ",1
17654,"Germany extends passport controls on Austrian border, flights from Greece","BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany has extended temporary passport controls on its border with Austria and for flights coming from Greece for six more months amid continuing concerns about attacks and illegal immigration, the Interior Ministry said on Thursday. The European Commission last month offered initial backing to a Franco-German proposal to allow more permanent border checks within the bloc s Schengen free-travel zone. Germany notified the European Commission, the Council of the European Union, the President of the European Parliament and the interior ministers of the EU-Schengen states about its decision in a letter on Wednesday. The commission allowed Germany to control its border with Austria in 2015 after a surge of refugees and migrants began arriving in western Europe. The temporary permission was due to expire on Nov. 11. Immigration will be a key issue in coalition talks by Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, the pro-business Free Democrats and the environmentalist Greens.  Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere justified Germany s move given continued security concerns, and said a complete return to free travel within the Schengen area was contingent on an improvement in the overall situation. Germany was hit by five Islamist attacks in 2016, including one in December on a Berlin Christmas market that killed 12 people.  We are working hard on this, all member states, the EU Commission and the EU Council, but there is still a long way to go,  de Maiziere said in a statement. Border controls also apply to flights to Germany from Greece, which was the gateway for thousands of migrants from Iraq and Syria. Ministry data on Wednesday showed that 140,000 asylum seekers have registered in Germany since the beginning of 2017. ",1
17655,Chile welcomes more than 60 Syrian refugees,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Chilean President Michelle Bachelet welcomed more than 60 Syrian refugees to the country s capital of Santiago on Thursday, as Chile joined other Latin American nations in offering safe harbor to families fleeing Syria s civil war. At a ceremony at the country s airport in Santiago, Bachelet  greeted 14 newly arrived Syrian families, who will be resettled in furnished homes with social benefits, including monthly stipends, schooling, healthcare and language classes.  We know you have struggled and what we hope is that, in our country, you will find a place to rebuild your lives,  Bachelet said. More than 2 million people fleeing wars or persecution have joined the ranks of the world s refugees in 2017, according to the United Nations, even as the United States and countries in Europe have begun to implement ever more restrictive asylum policies. The humanitarian crisis has prompted several South American nations, including Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay and Colombia, to begin accepting small numbers of refugees from Syria. ",1
17656,British jihadi 'White Widow' killed by U.S. drone: Sun report,"LONDON (Reuters) - Sally Jones, a British jihadi who recruited online for the Islamic State group, has been killed in Syria by a U.S. drone along with her 12-year-old son, The Sun newspaper reported on Thursday. A convert to Islam from southern England, Jones was nicknamed the  White Widow  by the British press after her jihadi husband Junaid Hussain, also an IS militant, was killed by a drone in 2015. Quoting a British intelligence source who had been briefed by U.S. counterparts, The Sun reported that Jones and her son had been killed in June close to Syria s border with Iraq, as she was attempting to flee the IS stronghold of Raqqa. U.S. intelligence chiefs were quoted as saying they could not be 100 percent certain that Jones had been killed as there was no way of recovering any DNA from the ground, but they were  confident  she was dead. Her son JoJo was presumed to be dead too, although his presence with her was not known at the time of the drone strike and he was not an intended target, according to The Sun. British Prime Minister Theresa May s spokesman declined to comment directly on the report, as did Defence Secretary Michael Fallon.  If you are a British national in Iraq or Syria, and if you have chosen to fight for Daesh, an illegal organization that is preparing and inspiring terror attacks on our streets, then you ve made yourself a legitimate target,  Fallon told reporters in London.   And you run the risk every hour of every day of being on the wrong end of an RAF or a United States missile,  he said. One Western security source, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that Jones had not been heard of since earlier this year so the assumption was that she was dead, although the source refused to confirm the details of the Sun report.  Other IS militants have been reported dead only to reappear. A Central Intelligence Agency spokeswoman declined to comment. Jones, who before her jihadi days was once a singer in a punk band, has been the subject of years of fascination by the British press. She was believed to have left her home in Chatham, in the southern county of Kent, in 2013 to travel to Syria, where she married Hussain whom she had met online. She was active as an online recruiter and sometimes posted propaganda messages on social media, including a striking photograph of herself dressed as a nun pointing a gun toward the camera. ",1
17657,Britain declines to comment on reported death of 'white widow' jihadist,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May s spokesman refused on Thursday to comment on a newspaper report that a British jihadi who recruited for the Islamic State militant group has been killed in Syria by a U.S. drone.   I ve seen the reports, I don t have any comments to make in relation to this specific case,  the spokesman said. He repeated government advice warning against all travel to Syria. Sally Jones was killed along with her 12-year-old son, The Sun newspaper reported.  ",1
17658,Britain's Boris Johnson tells EU: put a tiger in the tank of Brexit talks,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Thursday it was time to ramp up the pace of Brexit talks after the European Union s chief negotiator said they were deadlocked over money.  We re looking for some urgency from our friends and partners, time to put a bit of a tiger in the tank and get this thing done,  he told reporters.  We think ... that we ve made some very helpful suggestions to get the great ship moving down the slipway and on to the open seas, that is what we all want to see. We see no reason why that should not take place.   Brexit talks are deadlocked over money, the EU s Michel Barnier said on Thursday as he ruled out discussions on future trade being launched by EU leaders next week but spoke of possible progress by December.  The prime minister has made it very, very clear that we are going to get a deal, we are working for a great deal, but obviously we must make the right preparations as and when it is necessary for a no-deal scenario,  Johnson said.   Of course that s the responsible thing to do and that s what we are going to do.  ",1
17659,Trump says he believes Pakistan starting to respect U.S. again,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Thursday that Pakistan s cooperation in securing the release of a U.S.-Canadian couple and their children who had been held by the Taliban-linked Haqqani network signaled a new respect for the United States by Islamabad.  The Pakistani government s cooperation is a sign that it is honoring America s wish that it do more to provide security in the region,  Trump said at a White House event.  They worked very hard on this and I believe they are starting to respect the United States again.  ",1
17660,Britain hopeful of 'good news' on Northern Ireland crisis: minister,"LONDON/BELFAST (Reuters) - Britain is hopeful of some  good news  from Northern Ireland that may allow it to introduce legislation that would restore the region s power-sharing government, the leader of Britain s lower house of parliament said on Thursday. Northern Ireland has been without a devolved administration since its collapse in January, raising the prospect of direct rule being reimposed from London, potentially destabilizing a delicate political balance in the British province. Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney, who has been facilitating the talks with his counterpart in London, raised the possibility on Wednesday that a successful outcome could be reached by the end of the week.   We are hopeful for some good news from Northern Ireland that may allow for legislation to recreate the Northern Ireland Executive,  Andrea Leadsom added when setting out the upcoming parliamentary business for next week.  Although there was no formal reference to legislation on Northern Ireland in the published list of business, her comments suggest the government would be able to find time for it in the parliamentary schedule. Britain s Northern Ireland minister has warned that he will have to impose a budget for the province from London if an agreement is not reached by the end of the month, saying on Thursday that clear differences remained between the parties. The main impediment in the talks between Irish nationalists Sinn Fein and the pro-British Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) is disagreement over the rights of Irish language speakers. Sinn Fein s leader in Northern Ireland, Michelle O Neill, said in a statement there were still very real challenges to be addressed in the talks.  ",1
17661,Kaspersky works with Interpol; Kremlin dismisses claims against firm,"(Reuters) - Russian cyber security firm Kaspersky Lab said on Thursday that it has expanded its relationship with global law enforcement agency Interpol, agreeing to share threat data to help police fight cyber crime.  The company disclosed the agreement as the Kremlin dismissed claims by several U.S. newspapers that Israeli intelligence officials had determined that Russian government hackers were using Kaspersky s software for espionage. The reports were the latest in a series alleging the company and its founder, Eugene Kaspersky, have close ties to the Kremlin. Reuters has not been able to validate those claims.  Kaspersky has repeatedly said it has not helped Russia or any other government engage in espionage.  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Thursday the Russian government believes the allegations against Kaspersky are without merit. He said that allegations, in articles in the New York Times, Washington Post and Wall Street Journal, were  absurd.    The government has not had and does not have any connection to such activity,  he said.  The accusations are ungrounded and unproven.  ",1
17662,"In schools and hospitals, Turkey carves north Syria role","AL-BAB, Syria/BEIRUT/ANKARA (Reuters) - Children returning to school in the northern Syrian city of al-Bab were handed a new textbook this term:  T rk e  reniyorum  -  I am learning Turkish . Turkish lessons, Turkish signposts, Turkish-trained police and most recently a Turkish post office all point to Turkey s deepening role in an area of northern Syria it captured from Islamic State (IS) with the help of Syrian rebels. Turkish administrators are even helping to run hospitals in the area.  Ankara has taken on a widening role in the 100-km (60-mile) stretch of territory seized in its eight-month long  Euphrates Shield  operation, laying the foundations for long-term ties with an area that is of crucial strategic importance to Turkey. Launched to drive IS away from the border, the operation also aimed to block further expansion by Syrian Kurdish groups that Ankara deems a threat to its national security. With the Euphrates Shield region calm for months, Ankara says it wants to help recovery and to encourage a return of Syrian refugees, millions of whom fled the six-year-long war into Turkey. But Turkish support is also consolidating the region s status as a Syrian opposition-held territory where Turkey-backed Syrian opposition groups are building their own government even as the forces of President Bashar al-Assad win back swathes of the country elsewhere.  After Daesh (Islamic State) was expelled ... we returned and the cities were suffering from large-scale destruction and general ruin,  said Mohammad Karaz, director of education in al-Bab.  Some schools were wiped out entirely,  he said.  The restoration was done by our Turkish brothers who restored 10 schools, one of which we are sitting in today,  he said during an interview at the Major Bulent al-Bayrak elementary school, named after a Turkish officer killed while fighting Islamic State for control of al-Bab.  Arabs and Turks are siblings  reads a mural in the schoolyard. Turkish aid includes stationery, books and clothes. Karaz said the schools were teaching a Syrian curriculum modified to remove the state s Baathist ideology. The decision to add Turkish was taken unanimously by Syrian education officials in the area, he said. Turkish classes, taught by Syrians trained in Turkey, have started for pupils aged between six and nine. Explaining the decision, Karaz noted that two-thirds of al-Bab citizens had sought refuge in Turkey. Turkish authorities had given assurances that qualifications from schools in the area would  be recognized in Turkey and students can apply to Turkish universities , he said. A senior Turkish official said Ankara aimed to recreate  the conditions to bring life back to normal  in the area which is located northeast of the city of Aleppo and stretches to the western bank of the Euphrates River. Turkish support included health care, security, food and police training.   Turkey wants the Syrians living (in Turkey) to return to their country ... However, it will continue to host the Syrians here and provide humane living conditions for the Syrians in the regions under its control for as long as necessary,  the official told Reuters. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, in a speech last weekend, said:  We don t have a wish to occupy these lands but we want the rightful owners to go back there.  Damascus has, however, long accused Turkey, a major backer of the Syrian opposition to Assad, of colonial ambitions in northern Syria. The front page of the pro-Damascus Lebanese newspaper al-Akhbar on Thursday declared that Ankara was undertaking the  Turkification  of the area. Turkey s intervention was driven chiefly by concern over the growing sway of Syrian Kurdish groups seen by Ankara as an extension of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has waged a three-decade long insurgency against the Turkish state. The Euphrates Shield operation shattered the Syrian Kurds  hopes of joining up two Kurdish-dominated regions of northern Syria, where the war has allowed Kurdish militia to carve out their own autonomous regions. The Syrian opposition s efforts to establish their own  interim government  in the Euphrates Shield area received a big boost this week when a Free Syrian Army (FSA) rebel group handed it control of a border crossing to Turkey. The interim government s aims include drawing investment to move  the people from a state of war to work and building the region , said Khaled Aaba, a senior official with the Jabha Shamiya FSA group that handed over Bab al-Salama crossing. Crediting Turkey for standing by  Syrians in their travails , he said Ankara was  actively participating in supporting administrative and service institutions in the area .  The existence of (the interim) government better organizes this relationship.  Turkey s support to the health sector has included repairing and expanding hospitals previously operated by the Syrian state. Turkish administrators are working alongside Syrians at the Hikmeh Hospital in al-Bab, said Ahmad Aabo, a Syrian medical official in the city. Turkey s main project is a 200-bed hospital that will replace one destroyed during the war with IS.  The companies taking control of the construction are Turkish, we don t have companies capable of doing such a project,  said Aabo, speaking to Reuters in a telephone interview from the city. He said work on the hospital, which began a month ago, should be completed by New Year, comparing the rapid pace of the Turkish project with the 25 years it had taken to build its predecessor.     Turkish support for Syrian security forces has included training police officers who began deploying in the region in January. Abdel Razzak al-Laz, the head of the  National Police and General Security Forces , said 7,000 have now been deployed.      Everyone wants the return of security and stability, wants to see a police patrol at night and during the day,  said Laz, a police director when he defected to the opposition in 2012.  The numbers are increasing, and there are continuous courses.       ",1
17663,A rare look inside the 'heart of society' for Iraq's Shi'ites,"NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - For more than 1,000 years, the al-Hawza al-Ilmiyya south of Baghdad has been one of the hearts of Shi ite Islamic scholarship, training the clerics who lead Shi ite communities across the Muslim world. Thousands of students, from teenage boys to university graduates, study Islam at its schools in the holy cities of Najaf and Kerbala. Shi ites, who are the majority in Iraq, were repressed under dictator Saddam Hussein, a Sunni Muslim, but now lead the Iraqi government since Saddam was overthrown in 2003. Clerics trained at the Hawza have wide social and political influence, both inside Iraq and abroad.  This year, around 200 fully fledged clerics will graduate, completing a process that requires at least ten years of study. In the Najaf school, a typical day will see clerics in flowing black robes and white turbans giving lectures to groups of students sitting on the floor of a great hall, lined with pointed arches and elaborate mosaics. For a photo essay on the life of student Shi'ite clerics, click here: reut.rs/2wQATVE Students are given instruction in subjects including Islamic jurisprudence, philosophy, theology, logic and interpreting Islam s holy book, the Koran. The Kerbala school teaches around 250 students each year, and in Najaf there are more than 1000. Together they are served by a faculty of around 90 teachers.  Hawza has a high rank at the heart of the society,  Wael Noor Al-Deen Murtadha, a Shi ite cleric and lecturer at the school, told Reuters.  What is important about Hawza is that it reduces the moral degeneration and irregularities of life. It creates a culture among people aimed at reinforcing social relationships between different sects away from any discrimination.  ",1
17664,"Facebook will help investigators release Russia ads, Sandberg tells Axios","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Facebook Inc (FB.O) Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg said on Thursday the company was committed to helping U.S. congressional investigators publicly release Russia-backed political ads that ran during the 2016 U.S. election.  Things happened on our platform in this election that should not have happened,  Sandberg said in an interview in Washington with Axios news that was broadcast on its website.  We told Congress and the intelligence committees that when they are ready to release the ads, we are ready to help them.  Axios asked Sandberg what the world s largest social network knew about the extent of Russia s use of its platform and if ads on Facebook that had been placed by Russian accounts and Donald Trump s presidential campaign had overlapped in terms of target audiences. She appeared to sidestep the questions and said only that targeting on Facebook was often very broad.  The interview was the first by a senior Facebook executive since the company disclosed last month that it had found some 3,000 politically divisive ads believed to have been bought by Russia before and after the presidential campaign. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia used cyber-enabled means in an attempt to help Trump win the White House, an allegation the Kremlin has denied. Sandberg was in Washington for meetings with U.S. lawmakers.  Sandberg told the Congressional Black Caucus on Thursday that Facebook planned to add an African-American to its board of directors, a source familiar with the closed-door meeting said, but she offered no details. The board has been criticized for its lack of diversity.  She and two other Facebook executives, Erin Egan and Elliot Schrage, also met privately with Representative Jackie Speier, a California Democrat and member of the House Intelligence Committee. Facebook and other major internet companies including Alphabet s Google (GOOGL.O) and Twitter (TWTR.N) are on the defensive as they try to limit fallout from a torrent of  revelations about how Moscow sought to use their platforms to sow discord in the United States and influence the election. Sandberg told Axios that Facebook began hearing rumors around Election Day last November of Russian attempts to use the platform to spread propaganda but did not give a precise timeline about when the company began its review. Sandberg said she supported the public release of those ads, and the pages to which they were connected. Information about how the ads targeted specific types of users would also be released, she said. Asked if Facebook contributed to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton s defeat last year, Sandberg, an open Clinton supporter during the campaign, did not answer directly but said it was important the website was  free from abuse  during any election in any country. Congressional committees and special counsel Robert Mueller are investigating Russian interference in the election, including whether there was any collusion between Trump associates and Moscow. Trump has denied that there was any collusion between his campaign and associates and Russia. Sandberg acknowledged that the company had erred in how it handled the issue of foreign interference last year.  It s not just that we apologize. We re angry, we re upset. But what we really owe the American people is determination to do a better job of preventing foreign meddling,  she said.  We don t want this kind of foreign interference  on Facebook, Sandberg said.  She said the company had been too permissive at times in terms of how advertisers were allowed to target users. Sandberg said it was important to protect  free expression  on Facebook and that if the Russian ads had been bought by legitimate accounts instead of fraudulent ones, many would have been allowed to run on the site. She criticized Twitter s decision this week to remove a campaign video from Republican Representative Marsha Blackburn, who is running for a U.S. Senate seat in Tennessee. Twitter took down the video, saying a remark Blackburn made about opposing abortion was inflammatory. Twitter later reversed its decision.  In that ad, there are a lot of things that people don t like, that I don t like. ... But the question is,  Should divisive political or issue ads run?  Our answer is yes because when you cut off speech for one person you cut off speech for all people,  she said. Sandberg said Facebook wanted other internet companies to work toward making ad purchases more transparent, and she said  Facebook was talking with lawmakers who want to introduce legislation on the issue. Representatives from Facebook, Google and Twitter are expected to testify about Russian influence at hearings before the Senate and House intelligence committees on Nov. 1. ",1
17665,Most French think Macron's tax policies favor the rich: poll,"PARIS (Reuters) - A large majority of people in France believe President Emmanuel Macron s tax policies favor the rich, a poll showed on Thursday, days after he angered unions with disparaging remarks about protesters. Eighty-two percent of respondents in the Odoxa poll thought Macron s tax policies - including a scaling-back of a long-standing wealth tax - catered mainly to the richest. Three in four said the policy helped heads of large businesses and fewer than one in three believed Macron s tax stance was favorable for low-income workers and pensioners. This month, Macron made good on a pledge to scale back the wealth tax, long a tool for social justice for left-wingers but blamed by others for driving millionaires abroad. He is scrapping the tax on all but property holdings, a move that critics said was a get-out for owners of yachts and private jets, while reducing housing subsidies for the poor. The 39-year-old leader, who argues that the left- and right-wing politics are an anachronism, is struggling to shake off the elitist image of his years as a Rothschild banker. He has argued that the economy, which has suffered from chronic unemployment and sluggish growth for years, needs entrepreneurship, foreign investment and rewards for risk-taking. But he was criticized after complaining about  lazy  elements of society and saying that people who clashed with police during a protest at a car parts plant should seek work elsewhere. Macron s approval ratings have tumbled since his election in May, dragged down by labor reforms, budget cuts, and the decrease in housing subsidies.  An Ifop poll in late September showed some respite with a  dissatisfaction  rating of 53 percent down from 57 percent in August. An August Harris Interactive poll showed 46 percent trusted Macron s political leadership, 13 points off his mid-June high - making him the most unpopular French president in the first 100 days in office in decades. Macron hopes to weather further protests as his government unfurls more reforms aimed at making hiring and firing easier.  Some unions say that will undermine labor protections. On Thursday, protesters put on a show of force near a meeting of human resources executives on the western edge of Paris. Police arrested 41 people at the protest in which several executives  cars were torched. (This refiled version of the story fixes typo  Eighty-two  in second paragraph). ",1
17666,Palestinian accord must abide by international accords: Israeli official,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Any Palestinian reconciliation deal must abide by international agreements and terms set by the Middle East Quartet - including the recognition of Israel and Hamas giving up its arms, an Israeli government official said on Thursday.  Israel will examine developments in the field and act accordingly,  the government official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. ",1
17667,Erdogan says U.S. sacrificing strategic ally Turkey,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan accused the United States on Thursday of mistreating a strategic ally, in a blistering speech which appeared to rule out swift resolution to a dispute between two NATO members jointly fighting Islamic State. Hours after Ankara announced officials would meet soon to settle differences, Erdogan accused the U.S. consulate in Istanbul of hiding an individual with links to a network he blames for last year s failed coup.  He also condemned U.S. support for Kurdish fighters in Syria and separate U.S. court cases against a senior Turkish banker and the president s own security guards, mocking what he said was Washington s claim to be  the capital of democracy . Turkey s relations with the United States and many Western countries have been strained since last year s failed military coup against Erdogan, in which more than 240 people were killed. Turkey felt many allies were slow to condemn the coup attempt and failed to appreciate the danger it faced. Western countries have grown alarmed at the scale of Turkey s post-coup crackdown, with 50,000 people detained and 150,000 suspended from work. Ties with the United States hit a low when Turkey detained a locally employed worker at the U.S. consulate in Istanbul last week.  The United States says it is still seeking an explanation for the arrest - the second detention of a consulate worker this year. It suspended most visa services in Turkey, saying it needed to review Turkey s commitment to the security of its mission and staff. Turkey reciprocated within hours. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson spoke with Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu on Wednesday and expressed his  profound concern , the U.S. State Department said. Erdogan has blamed outgoing U.S. ambassador John Bass, saying he was putting at risk a decades-old alliance.   Let me be very clear, the person who caused this is the ambassador here. It is unacceptable for the United States to sacrifice a strategic partner to an ambassador who doesn t know his place,  Erdogan told provincial governors meeting in Ankara. Earlier, Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdag said Turkish and U.S. officials would meet to work on resolving the crisis and described talks between their foreign ministers as constructive.  But Erdogan aired a list of grievances, accusing Washington of sheltering suspected members of the outlawed Kurdish Workers Party (PKK), and supporters of Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen he blames for last year s coup attempt. Gulen denies involvement.  On the one hand you say you are the capital of democracy, but you hide PKK and FETO members,  Erdogan said, using the label his government has given to Gulen s network. He said Washington was defending a  FETO-linked person hiding in your consulate , and said a Christian pastor arrested in western Turkey last year was also  clearly linked  to Gulen. Ambassador Bass said this week no one was hiding in the U.S. consulate, and that he had seen nothing of merit in the charges against the pastor, Andrew Brunson. Erdogan said U.S. authorities had wrongly arrested the former head of Turkey s majority state-owned Halkbank, and were trying to use a detained Turkish gold trader  as an informant . Both men were arrested on charges of sanctions violations. Referring to a U.S. grand jury indictment of 15 Turkish security officials who clashed with protesters during his visit to Washington in May, Erdogan said most of them had never set foot on U.S. soil.  You issue arrest warrants for 13 of my security staff who have never seen the United States,  he said.  If the ambassador in Ankara is leading the grand United States, then shame on you,  Erdogan said.  Someone should have said:  You cannot treat your strategic partner this way, you can t behave like this .  ",1
17668,"Trump praises release of U.S.-Canadian family, says 'positive' for U.S.-Pakistan relations","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday praised the rescue of a kidnapped U.S.-Canadian couple and their three children by the Pakistani military, calling the effort  a positive moment  for U.S.-Pakistan relations. On Wednesday, the U.S. and Pakistani governments  secured the release of the Boyle-Coleman family from captivity in Pakistan. Today they are free,  Trump said in a statement released by the White House.  The Pakistani government s cooperation is a sign that it is honoring America s wishes for it to do more to provide security in the region.  ",1
17669,"With French down on strikes, Macron reforms get easier ride","PARIS (Reuters) - There was a time when angry French workers could down tools and take to the streets en masse to force ministers to back down. But things have changed, making President Emmanuel Macron s job of pushing through labor reforms that much easier. Barely 26,000 attended one Paris rally on Tuesday to protest against the reforms, a fraction of the hundreds of thousands who went on strike in the heyday of French industrial action freezing activity in swathes of the economy.  French strikes are not what they used to be, reflecting a cooling in national attitude to union militancy plus a change in approach by Macron who flagged his reforms well in advance to union leaders who have in turn seen their powers decline. This means the 39-year-old former investment banker has the best opportunity in generations to overhaul France s labor laws in his strategy to invigorate the EU s second-largest economy.  Fundamentally it is not a very strike-prone country any more,  said Bob Hancke, a labor relations expert at the London School of Economics.  In the mid-1990s, the joke was practically everyone had been a trade union member but no one ever stayed.  In 2015, companies in France lost 69 days to strikes per 1,000 workers. That was barely a fifth of what it was in the late 1990s and a far cry from the 1,000 days lost to strikes per 1,000 workers in the late 1980s. The decline has accelerated since conservative President Nicolas Sarkozy passed a law in 2007 banning wildcat walkouts and forcing public transport unions to guarantee a minimum service during strikes. While it is possible that protests will gain momentum when Macron unveils more hard-hitting reforms over the next year, including changes to unemployment benefits and pensions, things have so far played in his favor. Unionists and labor experts interviewed for this story said one critical factor is that big, nationwide strikes have achieved little for the average worker in the past two decades.   Governments eventually realized they could just force things through,  said Stephane Sirot, a professor at the Cergy-Pontoise university. An important point came in 2003, when a mass public-sector protest against pension reform failed to convince the government to budge, he said. The last significant nationwide success enjoyed by unions was in 1995, when weeks of protests, also over pension reform, virtually brought the economy to a halt.  Since those strikes, which forced newly elected President Jacques Chirac to yield, major standoffs with successive governments have had mixed results.  That s the main difficulty for unions,  said Sirot.  They don t win anymore.  Taking part in a march in Paris against Macron s reforms on Tuesday, Sarah, an activist for 20 years in the Sud Nettoyage cleaners  union, said it was harder to get colleagues to strike.  Many have been demotivated,  she said.  With their heart they are with us but it s more difficult to mobilize them,  she said, adding that the young were particularly ambivalent about the effectiveness of strikes and street protests. Around 10 percent of French workers are unionized, according to labor ministry data, with the average member more likely to be older and with a permanent job.  At the same protest rally in Paris on Tuesday, Marie-Josee da Silva, a 49-year old hospital care-worker, said she was marching on principle rather than out of any real hope that the rally would convince the government to change course. Tuesday s strike shut down some French schools and led to about a third of flights being canceled at some airports but  overall disruption was minimal.  A lack of unity among unions also dented protests against Macron s reforms, with many voters saying they believe the changes are vital to restore the health of the French economy. The economy ministry said some 14 percent of state civil servants had been on strike and just 9.5 percent in local administration. Macron was careful to consult with unions ahead of the publication of his reform bill but he also offered small concessions. The most moderate union, the CFDT, which now has the largest membership, bought into Macron s proposals. Jean-Claude Mailly, the leader of France s third-largest union, Force Ouvriere, told activists last month he had fought with the government behind closed doors for three months. But his union has also effectively accepted Macron s reforms.    Only the Communist Party-rooted CGT spearheaded street demonstrations against the loosening of employment laws.      When consultations with unions on changes to unemployment benefits and job training start on Thursday, the government will try the same approach, being firm on basic issues while offering some concessions. Sirot and others said the strategy could work, but they also warned that with Macron planning to press ahead over the next year with even more contentious legislation, he may have won an early battle but not yet the war.  There is a degree of resignation, people wonder if (taking part in rallies) is worth it, if they will be listened to,  said Luc Berille, the head of Unsa, one of the public sector s main unions.  People don t necessarily walk off the job or protest, but there is an accumulation of resentment nonetheless, and that s good for no one.  For the current climate to prevail, the government needs to maintain contacts with unions, said Jean Grosset, who heads research on industrial relations at the Jean Jaures think-tank.    The key is the sense of injustice,  said Grosset, a former union leader, cautioning that if the government failed to tackle this sentiment, bigger protests could be triggered. ",1
17670,U.S. to withdraw from U.N.'s cultural agency in December,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is withdrawing from UNESCO, the United Nation s cultural and educational agency, effective Dec. 31, the U.S. State Department said in a statement on Thursday.  This decision was not taken lightly, and reflects U.S. concerns with mounting arrears at UNESCO, the need for fundamental reform in the organization, and continuing anti-Israel bias at UNESCO,  the department said, adding that the United States would seek to  remain engaged ...as a non-member observer state in order to contribute U.S. views, perspectives and expertise.  ",1
17671,Crowds hurl abuse at South African cannibalism suspects,"ESTCOURT, South Africa (Reuters) - Police fired rubber bullets and stun grenades to break up crowds hurling insults at a group of men accused of cannibalism in a South African farming town. More than 500 people gathered outside the magistrates court in eastern Kwa-Zulu Natal province on Thursday as the men sat inside, hiding their faces with their hooded tops and their hands. Authorities originally charged seven men after police said one of them had walked into a police station in August with a human leg and a hand. Police spokeswoman Col. Thembeka Mbele told Reuters on Thursday he had confessed that he was tired of eating human flesh. The court acquitted three of the men on Thursday on charges of murder and conspiracy to commit murder, saying there was a lack of evidence. The other four were held in custody and the case adjourned until Oct. 27.  We have not charged them with cannibalism, as no such charge exists as far as I know,  Mbele said.  No one has seen them eating any of the human parts they had in their possession but we are still investigating,  she added. Officers were also investigating the suspects for the offence of possessing human remains, Mbele said.  Police blocked streets outside the court in the town of Estcourt, about 160 km (100 miles) north of Durban, Kwa-Zulu Natal s biggest city.  They fired the teargas and grenades to keep the crowds at bay as security officers drove all seven men back to jail - the three acquitted man were released later.  Members of the crowd shouted back at officers.  Where were you when they were eating people?  said one.  Some protesters told local media they feared missing loved ones may have been eaten. Others have linked the deaths with witchcraft, referring to traditional medicines that can be made from a range of ingredients including animal or human body parts. ",1
17672,Bulgarians use 'speed dating' to get know migrants,"SOFIA (Reuters) - Couples lining up to face each other are given 30 seconds to chat before moving on - in a version of speed dating that, rather than sparking romance, aims to promote understanding and integration for new immigrants. At a social center in the Bulgarian capital Sofia, the locals stand on one side, the immigrants - many refugees from Syria, Afghanistan and other war-torn countries - face them.  The quick-fire conversations - in which participants have just seconds to share their dreams and stories of love, pain and family - are aimed at starting a dialogue between two communities that in normal daily life rarely speak to each other on an equal footing.  It s so good to have an event like this, especially for refugees,  said Rodi Naamo, a 26-year-old Syrian Kurd who arrived in Bulgaria in 2015, when hundreds of thousands of migrants passed through the Balkans en route to Germany and northern Europe.  Bulgarians also appreciated the speedy encounters, as well as the Middle Eastern food and traditional Afghan dances afterwards.  I really enjoyed it, it helped me overcome prejudices,  said Milka Bocheva, a Bulgarian who runs an online business.  They (the refugees) are just people like us, we gave such similar answers.  Bulgaria stands out in the region for its significant Muslim minority, some 12 percent among 7.1 million mainly Orthodox Christians - a legacy of its history as part of the Ottoman Empire.  Despite that, large parts of the population are concerned about the influx of asylum-seekers and migrants.  Naamo, who returned to Bulgaria after a short spell in Germany, to work in a call center, believes opinions are starting to change.  I decided to stay here, this is my country. I ll bring my family here,  he said.   ",1
17673,Merkel: We'll conduct Brexit talks to minimize damage to Germany,"HANOVER, Germany (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Thursday she would conduct negotiations on Britain s looming departure from the European Union in such a way that Germany suffers as little damage as possible.  These negotiations are important. We ll conduct them,  she said at a trade union event in the northern state of Lower Saxony, which is due to hold an election on Sunday.  And we ll conduct them in such a way that there is as little damage as possible for us here in Germany,  she added. ",1
17674,Migrant deaths in the Sahara likely twice Mediterranean toll: U.N.,"GENEVA (Reuters) - West African migrants trying to reach Europe are dying in far greater numbers in the Sahara than in the Mediterranean but efforts to dissuade them may cause new routes to open up, the United Nations migration agency said on Thursday. So far this year 2,569 migrant deaths have been recorded in the central Mediterranean, while more than 107,000 migrants, mainly West Africans, have reached Italy.   One thing we still don t have is any estimate of number of deaths in the desert,  Richard Danziger, the U.N. International Organization for Migration director for West and Central Africa, told a news conference in Geneva.   We assume, and I think we have said before, that it has to be at least double those who die in the Mediterranean. But we really have no evidence of that, it s just an assumption. We just don t know.  In Niger, a main transit route, people smugglers were increasingly scared of the authorities, which might make them more prone to abandon migrants in the desert, he said.  Many migrants had told of deaths in the desert, and some said the smugglers believed that if they drove fast through minefields they would be safe, said the IOM s Niger mission chief, Giuseppe Loprete. Migrant numbers heading through Niger have fallen dramatically after strong action by the government to close migrant  ghettoes  and arrest people smugglers, he said.  IOM was also trying to spread the word that  you do not want to get caught in Libya,  Danziger said.  What happens in Libya is far scarier to people than dying, the horror stories that returnees come back with.   Many of the smugglers did not see themselves as criminals, and were often former desert guides trying to make money. Many of them had given up, while organized criminals with contacts in Libya were continuing, Loprete said.   Right now they are looking for alternative routes, I think at least equally dangerous,  he said.  When you plug one hole, other holes are going to open up,  Danziger said. Niger had two routes to Libya: one closer to Chad that was used to smuggle migrants and one closer to the Algerian border that was far more dangerous and was used by extremist groups and for drugs and gun-running.  An alternative was through northern Mali, a region beset by conflicts between rival groups, but but there did not seem to have been a dramatic rise there, Danziger said. The route considered the safest was along the western coast of Africa, via Senegal, Mauritania and Morocco to the Strait of Gibraltar, and migrant flows there had increased, he said.    ",1
17675,Kenya bans city-center protests as vote tension mounts,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan authorities banned protests in central Nairobi and other hotspots as they tried to keep a lid on mounting political turmoil in the build-up to a repeat presidential vote. The order issued on Thursday covered business districts in Nairobi, the western city of Kisumu and the port of Mombasa - the scenes of repeated demonstrations since the Supreme Court annulled the last vote in August, citing irregularities. The main opposition, which has held rallies calling for electoral reforms and the sacking of vote officials, said it would take to the streets again on Friday, and on a daily basis from Monday, despite the ban.  The protests are covered by the bill of rights in the constitution. We do not hold the protests as a favor by the State,  Dennis Onyango, the spokesman for opposition leader Raila Odinga, said. Politicians and activists from all sides have traded insults and accusations since the court ruling, raising fears of a repeat of the ethnically charged violence that killed around  1,200 people after a contested 2007 vote. President Uhuru Kenyatta, whose August election victory was annulled by the court ruling, is due to stand again against Odinga on Oct. 26. But this week Odinga announced he was withdrawing from the race, because of failure to reform the election board. The board responded that the vote would go ahead anyway with the names of Odinga and the other original candidates on the ballot paper.  At least 17 demonstrators were hospitalized on Wednesday with bullet wounds and other injuries, said medical workers in Kisumu, an opposition stronghold.  The opposition has accused the police of using excessive force while the government has accused the protesters of destroying private property .  Reuters saw footage of a crowd attacking a policeman with stones and sticks during protests in the western town of Homa Bay, near Kisumu. Marius Tum, the Homa Bay police boss, said 14 people had been arrested and would be charged with assault and participating in unlawful assembly.  Odinga s spokesman Onyango did not immediately respond to a request for a comment on the incident.   The standoff has spooked investors in the region s richest economy. The all share index on the Nairobi bourse was 0.43 percent lower at the close, amid low volumes, traders said.  In August, only Odinga and Kenyatta polled more than one percent. Three of the other candidates - Abduba Dida, Japheth Kavinga and Ekuru Aukot - told Reuters they intended to stand again.   The political battle in this country has been between the Odingas and the Kenyattas for the longest time,  said Aukot.  Voters will be looking for a neutral person who can pacify the country.  A Kenyan rights group said this week that at least 37 people were killed in protests immediately following the Aug. 8 poll. The opposition did not call any protests on Thursday. ",1
17676,"No visas, bad jobs: Venezuelan emigrants reluctantly return home","CARACAS/SAN CRISTOBAL, Venezuela (Reuters) - Early last year, Leandro Colmenares sold his car and his apartment and fled Venezuela s profound economic crisis, joining a wave of emigration to other Latin American countries. Colmenares, a medical equipment repairman, first set up in Panama with $7,000 in hand. When he could not get a visa and struggled to find work, he ended up with odd jobs like painting houses and doing electrical wiring for $25 a day.  In Venezuela, I was rubbing shoulders with doctors. Months later I was mopping the floor in a Panama furniture shop,  said Colmenares, who has two sons, including one who is disabled.  He then tried his luck in Colombia, where he again took odd jobs, mostly cooking. He opened a small cafe with other Venezuelans but it failed.   It was bad, I was going hungry. On weekends I ate once,  he said. And once again, he could not get a visa.  Crushed and having run out of money, Colmenares decided in February he had no choice but return to Venezuela empty-handed and by bus - one of an apparently growing number of Venezuelan emigrants forced to go home after failing to start a new life elsewhere in Latin America. These recent migrants are often poor, hopping on buses to Latin American capitals with as little as a few hundred dollars and scant prospect of finding a decent job.  The country I left was bad. When I came back it was worse,  said Colmenares, noting steep prices and ever less food on store shelves. He spends his days in his home in poor central Caracas, scraping out a living making dough for corn patties. For decades after World War II, Venezuela s flourishing oil economy made it a destination for mass immigration from southern Europe, with Portuguese bakeries and Spanish bars a common sight across Caracas.   But during 18 years of Socialist rule, an increase in crime, economic decay and political protests have prompted emigration to Miami, Madrid, and the rest of Latin America.  Sociologist Tomas Paez estimates over 2 million Venezuelans have left the country of 30 million, accelerating in the last two years as the OPEC member s recession has worsened, leading to shortages of vital medicines and food, runaway inflation and lack of formal jobs. While the early diaspora was mostly a middle-class phenomenon, recent migrants are more likely to be poor, heightening the chances that they will struggle.  There is no data on returnees but Reuters interviewed 10 Venezuelans who had emigrated after President Nicolas Maduro took office in 2013 only to return.  For Miguel Blanco, a Caracas-based sociologist, the degree of poverty among people now leaving the country has led to more of them returning.  When migration is triggered by push factors, it can lead the migrant to fail because of lack of money,  said Blanco. Pockets of Venezuelan economic migrants, once a relatively rare sight in South America, have sprung up in cities from Bogota to Santiago de Chile. They are often seen hawking traditional corn patties on the streets or offering door-to-door beauty treatments.      Panama s head of migration said in August that some 2,000 Venezuelans were setting up there every week, compared with  about 500 to 600 before August, when Maduro s government created a legislative superbody that was widely condemned by the opposition and other countries as a power grab.  With about 60,000 Venezuelans already in Panama, the government has implemented visas as an entry requirement.  Peru has estimated that in the first half of 2017 some 40,000 Venezuelans entered the country.  Venezuelan government supporters have said the extent of emigration has been exaggerated. Maduro s administration scoffs at those who leave as selfish and unpatriotic. The Information Ministry did not respond to a request for data.  Colombia, which shares a porous border of some 2,219 kilometers with Venezuela, has estimated that about 36,000 Venezuelans enter daily, and that some 2,000 do not immediately return to their country.   Gerson Lopez, a 30-year-old graphic designer, said he was paid less by a Colombian beauty product company because he did not have legal documents.   Informal work there is very exploitative,  said Lopez.  Venezuelans are doing the work Colombians don t want to do.   Lopez was broke when he returned to Venezuela in late January after being unable to find good work in Bogota.   You have to think very hard if you re going to leave,  he said, adding bitterly,  (But) here you don t have any opportunities. All you do is survive.  ",1
17677,Russia may send more Iskander missiles to Kaliningrad after U.S. moves: RIA cites senior MP,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia may send more Iskander tactical missiles to its Kaliningrad exclave in response to the latest U.S. actions in the Baltics, the RIA news agency cited the head of the lower house of parliament s defense committee, Vladimir Shamanov, as saying on Thursday. Russia accused the United States on Thursday of illegally building up its forces in Poland and the Baltic region, saying it had quietly deployed an entire armored division in breach of the main pact that governs Moscow s relations with NATO. ",1
17678,"Thousands evacuated in Vietnam as floods, landslides kill 46","HANOI (Reuters) - Heavy rain in northern and central Vietnam triggered floods and landslides that killed 46 people and 33 people were missing in the worst such disaster in years, the search and rescue committee said on Thursday. Vietnam often suffers destructive storms and floods due to its long coastline. More than 200 people were killed in storms last year.  In the past 10 years, we haven t suffered from such severe and intense floods,  state-run Vietnam Television quoted agriculture minister Nguyen Xuan Cuong as saying. A typhoon tore a destructive path across central Vietnam just last month, flooding and damaging homes and knocking out power lines. The latest floods hit Vietnam on Monday.   Our entire village has had sleepless nights...it s impossible to fight against this water, it s the strongest in years,  a resident in northwestern Hoa Binh province was quoted by VTV as saying. Vietnam s Central Steering Committee for Natural Disaster Prevention and Control said authorities were discharging water from dams to control water levels. Some 317 homes had collapsed, while more than 34,000 other houses were submerged or had been damaged. Earlier reports said more than 8,000 hectares (19,800 acres) of rice had been damaged and around 40,000 animals were killed or washed away. Hoa Binh province in the northwest declared a state of emergency and opened eight gates to discharge water at Hoa Binh dam, Vietnam s largest hydroelectric dam, the first time it has done so in years, VTV reported. Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc visited northern Ninh Binh province where water levels in the Hoang Long river are their highest since 1985. Rising sea levels are also threatening Vietnam s more than 3,260 km (2,000 mile) coastline, resulting in increased flooding of low lying coastal regions, erosion and salt water intrusion. Floods have also affected seven of 77 provinces in Thailand, Vietnam s neighbor to the west, the Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation said on Thursday. More than 480,000 hectares (1.2 million acres) of agricultural land have been hit, the department said. Thailand is the world s second-biggest exporter of rice.  It is still too soon to tell whether there will be damage to rice crops because most of the rice has already been harvested,  Charoen Laothamatas, president of the Thai Rice Exporters Association, told Reuters. In 2011, Thailand was hit by its worst flooding in half a century. The floods killed hundreds and crippled industry, including the country s key automotive sector. ",1
17679,Czechs pin hopes on billionaire Babis to fix their country,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - The traffic jams and roadworks that snarl the 200 km main highway from the capital Prague to the southeast are a symbol of how many Czechs feel their government is broken - and how they are looking for a new champion to fix it. A ring road around Prague is nowhere near completion after decades of zoning setbacks, a rail link to Prague s airport has been debated for 20 years without a shovel going in the ground.  The World Bank ranks the country 130th in the world when it comes to efficiency in issuing building permits, the worst in the European Union. In the Oct 20-21 election, voters look set to hand power to a man who says he can sort it all out: billionaire businessman Andrej Babis, whose anti-establishment rhetoric is reminiscent of U.S. President Donald Trump.   I see results, the others are only talkers,  said Erwin Heinl after meeting Babis at a pensioners club in Varnsdorf, 125 km (75 miles) north of Prague.  It is the only possible choice.  The central European country joined the EU in 2004 and has made great strides in economic development. But people feel wages and public services have been slow to catch up with the richer West while business sharks made billions in often murky privatizations and public contracts.  Babis, whose ANO party is far ahead of rivals in the polls, has been able to sell himself as a man fighting obstacles from coalition partners, while taking credit for popular decisions such as pension hikes during his time as finance minister. The bet on Babis is not straightforward. As the second richest Czech, he grew his chemicals, food and media empire in the same environment he and voters criticize. He is also not a new face, having governed as junior partner to the center-left Social Democrats since 2014.   Social Democrats still stand for the old rule and ANO is a symbol of the new rule, hence its credit for the economic success, government stability and so on,  said Daniel Prokop from the Median polling agency.  Many people respect Babis for his business approach to management which he says politicians lack.  He is skillful as a businessman, he could show that also running the state,  Karina Brtinska, 63, said after meeting Babis at a campaign stop at the main square in Varnsdorf. His successes include a budget surplus last year. Babis, as finance minister until May this year before he was removed by the prime minister, raised revenue by introducing value-added tax cross-checks and real-time reporting of shop sales.  But the budget was chiefly helped by economic growth, low interest rates, and a drop in public investments resulting from issues such as slow preparation of road building that meant less spending.  His ANO has held the Transport Ministry for the past four years. Czechs built close to 160 km of highways in the past 10 years, compared with 2,300 km in Poland 250 km in Slovakia.  The Czechs also pledged to raise defense spending, but under ANO running the Defence Ministry it dropped below 1 percent of GDP before a small pick up this year, still far away from the NATO goal of 2 percent.  Babis has also shaken off the impact of investigation for alleged fraud in tapping a 2 million euro subsidy - a charge that could carry a jail sentence. He denies any wrongdoing and portrays it as an attempt by adversaries to block him from sweeping out graft.  He is not afraid of anyone. He is honest,  said Anna Havelkova, an ANO supporter in Varnsdorf. Babis put his Agrofert group of more than 250 companies into a trust fund this year but remains the fund s beneficiary. Agrofert has been receiving farming and investment subsidies and also has numerous deals with the public sector, raising criticism from rivals and media of conflicts of interests.  Babis had acknowledged having conflicts of interest prior to moving Agrofert to the trust funds but said he never abused it.  Forbes puts Babis s net worth at 88 billion crowns ($4.01 bln), up from 40 billion in 2013 just before he joined the government. ANO voters are also unfazed by Babis  membership of the Communist party before a democratic revolution in 1989, or his contacts with secret police at the time.  Success is always accompanied by envy. Everyone has a past, but I am interested in the present. He has a vision and I believe he can fulfill it,  said businessman Slavomir Svitana attending Babis  rally in downtown Prague.    ",1
17680,No Vacancies: Airbnb shutters Beijing rentals ahead of Party Congress,"BEIJING (Reuters) - U.S. short-term rental service Airbnb Inc has removed listings in Beijing as the capital prepares to host a five-yearly Party Congress later this month, the most important event on China s political calendar during which security is at its highest. A Reuters search on Wednesday of Airbnb listings in the city s center yielded  zero  results for all of October. Listings were present as recently as Tuesday evening for periods including the congress dates of Oct. 18 to 31.  Due to external circumstances, homes in certain areas in Beijing are unavailable through October 31,  Airbnb said in an email to hosts reviewed by Reuters. The move, mirrored by local rental firms, comes a week before the congress where President Xi Jinping is widely expected to consolidate power in a leadership reshuffle. Such high-profile events are often accompanied by increased surveillance and online censorship. During the last Congress, in 2012, access to Alphabet Inc s Google search engine was cut off. Google services have since been blocked in China. For this year s event, authorities have stepped up ID checks at metro stations and elsewhere in an effort to detain unregistered workers and others illegally residing in Beijing. Four Airbnb hosts in the capital told Reuters they had received notices from the U.S. firm late on Tuesday, which said properties in certain areas of the city would be removed from its website until the end of the month due to  external circumstances .  Similar to action taken by other hospitality companies, Airbnb listings in certain areas in Beijing will be temporarily unavailable throughout October,  the company said in a statement to Reuters. Short-term rentals were also unavailable during the same period via local services Xiaozhu.com and Tujia.com. Neither firm responded to requests for comment. Airbnb and other home-stay sites occupy a legal grey area in China, where tourists are required to register accommodation with local police using a passport or identification card. The requirement is harder to enforce with short-term rentals. The Ministry of Public Security and Beijing s city police did not respond to faxed requests for comment.  (The congress blackout) is a pain, but it s not for such a long time,  said a 28-year-old press relations worker surnamed Liu, who rents out two flats on both Xiaozhu and Airbnb.  As long as (bookings) open again eventually, I don t mind.  ",1
17681,Indian court acquits dentist couple of killing daughter,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - An Indian court on Thursday overturned the conviction of a dentist couple for the murder of their teenage daughter and the family servant for lack of material evidence, their lawyer said. Aarushi Talwar was found with her throat slit at the family home in the Delhi suburb of Noida in 2008. A day later, the body of the servant, Hemraj, was found on the roof of the house. A trial court convicted the girl s parents, Rajesh and Nupur Talwar, after police alleged Rajesh had murdered his daughter and the servant in a rage when he found them in a compromising situation. The couple, both dentists, were jailed for life. But a high court overruled the decision saying it was not satisfied with the evidence and ordered the couple be freed, their lawyer Tanveer Ahmed Mir said.  The court found no forensic or material evidence to prove that the Talwars had killed their daughter,  Mir told reporters outside a packed courtroom in the northern city of Allahabad. Both parents had denied the murder and insisted they were victims of botched investigations and unfair media coverage, damaging their defense. Aarushi s case was labeled as a kind of crime more often associated with rural, conservative parts of India where  honor killings  are not uncommon. Every twist in the investigation was extensively reported by the Indian press, turning the Talwars into household names.  Finally my family can lead a dignified life. The court has upheld the facts and truth,  said Rajesh Talwar s sister, Vandana, after the decision. In 2015, a journalist who covered the murder wrote a book arguing that the couple were innocent. The double murder case and faulty probe were used as a theme for a Bollywood movie the same year.   ",1
17682,"Eurofighter jet crashes in Spain, killing pilot","MADRID (Reuters) - A Eurofighter combat jet plane crashed near a military base in southeastern Spain on Thursday, killing its pilot, an emergency services spokesman said. Local emergency services received a call at 1009 GMT informing them that the plane had crashed on farmland around the Los Llanos base near the town of Albacete, the spokesman said. The jet had been taking part in a military parade to commemorate Spain s national holiday and crashed on its return, a defence ministry spokesman said. The causes of the accident were being investigated, the ministry added in a note.  ",1
17683,"Afghan civilian casualties from air strikes rise more than 50 percent, says U.N.","KABUL (Reuters) - Civilian casualties from Afghan and American air strikes have risen more than 50 percent since last year, the United Nations said on Thursday, as troops increase attacks on militants under a new strategy announced by U.S. President Donald Trump in August. As of the end of September, at least 205 civilians had been killed and 261 wounded this year in air strikes in Afghanistan, U.N. investigators said in a quarterly report. At least 38 percent of those casualties were caused by international military forces, while the majority were attributed to the Afghan Air Force, which has begun to conduct more attacks on its own. More than two thirds of the civilian victims were women and children, the report said. In September, U.S. warplanes dropped more bombs than in any single month since 2010, driven largely by Trump s strategy of trying to reassert pressure on militants after several years of drawdown by foreign troops. A spokesman for the U.S. military command did not immediately comment on the report. General Dawlat Waziri, spokesman for the Afghan Ministry of Defence, rejected the findings and said the government took civilian casualties seriously.  It is quite obvious that Taliban and other insurgent groups cause more civilian casualties,  he said, adding that insurgents also  use civilians as human shields and hide in residential areas . Overall civilian casualties decreased slightly compared to the same period last year, the report said. At least 2,640 civilians were killed and 5,379 injured this year, compared to 2,616 killed and 5,915 injured in the same period of 2016. The drop reflected fewer casualties from fighting in populated areas, the report noted, as militants failed to capture any major cities. The head of the U.N. mission in Afghanistan, Tadamichi Yamamoto, praised the Afghan government for formally endorsing a national policy designed to reduce civilian casualties.  The government owes it to its citizens, particularly the victims of the armed conflict, to ensure full implementation of the policy through a concrete action plan,  he said. Overall the U.N. attributed 64 percent of civilian casualties to anti-government militants like the Taliban and Islamic State. Pro-government forces were responsible for 20 percent overall, while the remainder was attributed to joint fighting or unidentified groups, according to the U.N. ",1
17684,Arrested U.S. consulate worker in Turkey will meet lawyer on Friday: minister,"ANKARA (Reuters) - The U.S. consulate worker who was arrested by Turkish authorities last week will meet his lawyer on Friday, Turkish Justice Minister Abdulhamit Gul said on Thursday. Metin Topuz was arrested last week over alleged links to the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, accused by Ankara of orchestrating last year s coup attempt. His arrest sparked a dispute between the NATO allies and suspension of visa services.  ",1
17685,U.S. Tillerson assures Washington's only goal in Syria is fighting IS: TASS cites Lavrov,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has given assurances that Washington s only goal in Syria is fighting Islamic State, the TASS news agency cited Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov as saying on Thursday. Lavrov said he had last had a telephone conversation with Tillerson on Oct. 9, the agency reported. Russia s defense ministry accused the United States on Tuesday of pretending to fight Islamic State and of deliberately reducing its air strikes in Iraq to allow the group s militants to stream into Syria to slow the Russian-backed advance of the Syrian army. Lavrov, touching upon a possible U.S. withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal, said it was hard to imagine how it could be legally implemented, TASS reported. ",1
17686,"Palestinian rivals Hamas, Fatah agree to complete Gaza handover by Dec. 1: statement","CAIRO (Reuters) - Palestinian rivals Hamas and Fatah on Thursday agreed to complete the handover of administrative control of Gaza to a unity government by Dec. 1, a statement from Egypt s state information service said.  ",1
17687,"Palestine rivals Hamas, Fatah agree on Rafah crossing handover Nov. 1: sources","GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian rivals Hamas and Fatah have agreed to hand over responsibility for the Rafah border crossing in Gaza to the unity government on Nov. 1, two sources said on Thursday. The crossing agreement was part of a broader reconciliation deal brokered by Egypt and signed in Cairo on Thursday by the two Palestinian delegations. ",1
17688,Trump resists pressure to soften stance on Iran nuclear deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump finds himself under immense pressure as he considers de-certifying the international nuclear deal with Iran, a move that would ignore warnings from inside and outside his administration that to do so would risk undermining U.S. credibility. Trump is expected to unveil a broad strategy on confronting Iran this week, likely on Friday. There was always the chance he could still have a last-minute change of heart and certify Iran s compliance with the 2015 accord, which he has called an  embarrassment  and the  worst deal ever negotiated.  Senior U.S. officials, European allies and prominent U.S. lawmakers have told Trump that refusing to certify the deal would leave the U.S. isolated, concede the diplomatic high ground to Tehran, and ultimately risk the unraveling of the agreement. Signed by the United States, Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China, the European Union and Iran, the deal relieved sanctions on Tehran in exchange for curbing its disputed nuclear program. The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) concluded that Iran secretly researched a nuclear warhead until 2009, which Tehran denies. Iran has always insisted that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes and denies it has aimed to build an atomic bomb.      After Trump made clear three months ago he would not certify Iran s compliance with the deal, his advisers moved to give him options to consider, a senior administration official said.  They came up with a plan that protects the things they are concerned about but doesn t recertify, which the president made clear he was not going to do. That ship has sailed,  according to the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. The official said Trump has been telling foreign leaders and U.S. lawmakers that his refusal to certify the Iran deal would not blow it up.  He s not walking away from it. The chances of him walking away from it go down if they work with him on making it better,  the official said. White House officials said Trump is expected to announce a broad, more confrontational policy toward Iran directed at curbing its nuclear and ballistic missile programs and financial and military support for Hezbollah and other extremist groups. Trump has said he believes the nuclear deal is too generous toward Iran and would not stop it from trying to develop a nuclear weapon.  He has criticized the agreement s  sunset clauses,  under which some restrictions on Iran s nuclear program would expire over time. He also wants to toughen language on ballistic missiles and inspections. The International Atomic Energy Agency says Iran is complying with the agreement. European officials have categorically ruled out renegotiating the deal, but have said they share Trump s concerns over Iran s destabilizing influence in the Middle East. Several diplomats have said Europe would be ready to discuss sanctioning Iran s ballistic missile tests and forming a strategy to curb Iran s influence in the region. Officials have also said there could be room to open a new negotiation for what happens once some of the core terms of the deal begin expiring in 2025, although there is no reason to believe Iran would be ready to enter in such a negotiation. Iran has said it may exit the deal if the U.S. withdraws. De-certifying would not withdraw the United States from the deal but it would give the U.S. Congress 60 days to decide whether to reimpose the sanctions on Tehran that were suspended under the agreement. One U.S. official involved in administration said that declining to certify Iran s compliance would probably leave all of the parties to the deal on one side and the United States on the other.  That means that while the French and others are also interested in curbing Iran s destabilizing activities, they may be less likely to follow (the U.S.) lead at the risk of the agreement blowing up,  the official said. British Prime Minister Theresa May and French President Emmanuel Macron both spoke to Trump this week to express their concerns about the potential decision not to recertify the Iran deal.  If the feeling is that the United States no longer supports the agreement, then the political reality is that the agreement will be in serious jeopardy and its implementation will be very difficult,  a senior French diplomat said. Two other U.S. officials, who also requested anonymity, said Trump s bellicose rhetoric on a number of fronts is troubling both many of his own aides and some of America s closest allies, a few of whom have asked U.S. officials privately if Trump s real objective is attacking Iran s nuclear facilities. One of the officials said that like the heated rhetoric with North Korea on its nuclear program, the Iran discussion has vexed White House Chief of Staff John Kelly, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson  who have tried to advise the President that there are significant risks in the course he d prefer to pursue.   At the end of the day, though, everyone recognizes that he s the decider.  Trump allies who oppose the deal have watched the president closely to see if he might buckle under pressure.    He s not going to re-certify,  said Sebastian Gorka, a former Trump national security aide.  I m not worried. His gut instinct is absolutely right.  ",1
17689,Britain will not speculate on possible U.S. withdrawal from Iran deal: PM May's spokesman,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain will not speculate on what will happen if the United States withdraws from an international deal to curb Iran s nuclear program, Prime Minister Theresa May s spokesman said on Thursday. He said Britain s government has been crystal clear about the importance of the deal and its ongoing commitment to it.  As for speculating on what happens next, I m not going to do that,  the spokesman said when asked about a possible U.S. decision to decertify the deal. ",1
17690,Ceasefire deal sealed for rebel pocket near Damascus,"CAIRO/BEIRUT (Reuters) - A ceasefire deal for a Syrian rebel enclave south of Damascus was reached on Thursday, brokered by Cairo and Moscow, Egyptian state media said. The agreement, which includes the Jaish al-Islam rebel faction, went into effect at midday on Thursday (1000 GMT), Egyptian state television said.   We announced a preliminary agreement over the will to enter into a ceasefire and de-escalation deal for the area,  Jaish al-Islam political leader Mohammad Alloush said in televised comments. Details would be worked out in the near future, he said.  The announcement did not name the exact area or towns covered by the ceasefire, and did not mention the Syrian government. There was no immediate comment from Damascus. Rebel factions hold a small pocket of territory south of Damascus, bordered to the west by an Islamic State enclave and surrounded from the other sides by Syrian troops and allied forces. Backed by Russia, Iran and Shi ite militias, the Syrian government has pushed back rebels over the past year, shoring up its rule over the main urban centers. Through a series of military offensives and evacuation deals, the government has snuffed out several opposition pockets around the Syrian capital of Damascus.  Thousands of rebels and civilians have poured into the insurgent-held Idlib province in northwest Syria, transferred out of towns and cities that the Syrian army retook. In recent months, a string of ceasefire deals has eased some of the fighting between government forces and rebels in western Syria, including a truce in the southwest brokered by Russia and the United States. ",1
17691,Turkey's Erdogan says U.S. consulate hiding suspect,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey s President Tayyip Erdogan said on Thursday the United States was hiding a suspect in its Istanbul consulate who is linked to a U.S.-based cleric blamed by Ankara for last year s failed military coup. Erdogan also said Turkey stood by its decision to suspend issuing Turkish visas in the United States, in response to Washington s visa services suspension in Turkey. ",1
17692,"Gorbachev, last Soviet leader, wants Trump-Putin summit to save arms pact","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Mikhail Gorbachev, the last Soviet leader, said on Thursday a landmark arms control treaty that helped end the Cold War was in peril and called for a summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin to save it.   Gorbachev, 86, said U.S.-Russia relations were in the throes of a  severe crisis  and that the treaty, which banned all Soviet and American short and intermediate-range land-based nuclear and conventional missiles, was now at serious risk. Gorbachev signed the pact - the Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) treaty - in 1987 along with then U.S. President Ronald Reagan in Washington. Russia, after the 1991 Soviet collapse, took on its obligations. Both sides have accused each other of violating the treaty in recent months however, stoking fears it might break down as U.S.-Russia ties continue to deteriorate amid allegations that Moscow interfered with the 2016 U.S. presidential election, something Russia flatly denies. Gorbachev, writing in government newspaper Rossiiskaya Gazeta, said the INF treaty was in danger and that Trump and Putin needed to meet and discuss the problems of nuclear disarmament and strategic stability.  It has turned out to be the most vulnerable link in the system of limiting and reducing weapons of mass destruction,  Gorbachev wrote of the landmark treaty.  If the system of curbing nuclear arms crumbles, and that is exactly what the collapse of the INF treaty can lead to, the consequences will be catastrophic.  The INF treaty required the United States and the Soviet Union to eliminate and forego all nuclear ground-launched ballistic and cruise missiles with a range of 500 to 5,500 Km, eliminating an entire category of weapon. Appealing to Trump and Putin, Gorbachev said he wanted to see a  fully-fledged  U.S.-Russia summit of the kind he took part in toward the end of the Cold War.  It s totally abnormal for the presidents of nuclear powers to meet somewhere  on the sidelines  (of an event) and that they have only met once,  Gorbachev wrote, referring to a meeting between Trump and Putin at the G-20 summit in Germany in July.      If the INF treaty could be saved, it would be a powerful signal for the whole world that the biggest nuclear powers understand their responsibility and take their obligations seriously,  wrote Gorbachev. ",1
17693,Samsung scion fights back as legal appeal begins,"SEOUL (Reuters) - The heir to South Korea s Samsung Group, convicted of bribing the country s former president, appeared in a packed court on Thursday for the first day of arguments in the appeal of his five-year jail term for corruption. The 49-year-old Jay Y. Lee was convicted by a lower court in August of bribing Park Geun-hye, who was dismissed as president in March. The court decided the bribe helped Lee strengthen his control of the crown jewel in the conglomerate, Samsung Electronics (005930.KS), one of the world s biggest technology companies. The appellate court hearing the appeal is likely to try to rule on the case by next February, legal experts said. Whichever side loses could take the case to the Supreme Court, the final court of appeal in South Korea. Lee s presence marked his first public appearance since the August ruling. He did not speak during the proceedings other than giving his birth date and address. The lower court in August had ruled that while Lee never asked for Park s help directly, the fact that a 2015 merger of two Samsung affiliates did help cement Lee s control over Samsung Electronics  implied  he was asking for the president s help to strengthen his control of the firm. Lee, sitting mostly expressionless in a dark suit without tie, listened to hours-long PowerPoint presentations by both sides arguing over the lower court s logic that Lee s actions  implied  solicitation for help from Park by providing financial support for Park s close friend and confidante Choi Soon-sil. On Thursday, the defense strongly challenged that logic.  In order for implied solicitation to exist, there needed to have been a level of wordless understanding between Lee and the former president that transcended speaking,  said Lee In-jae, Jay Y. Lee s lead counsel. The prosecution, which has lodged a cross-appeal against the lower court ruling that found Lee innocent on some charges, said the court s decision to not acknowledge explicit solicitation for Park s help from Samsung despite the evidence found  did not make sense . The defense, which spent much of its time during the initial trial refuting the prosecution s individual charges, said it will focus on a few key arguments in the appeal - including whether there was in fact an  ordinary type of bribery  as defined under South Korean law, which says only civil servants come under the statute. Park s friend Choi was not a civil servant. The lower court found that Samsung s financial support of 7.2 billion won ($6.27 million) to sponsor the equestrian career of Choi s daughter constituted an ordinary type of bribery, as  it can be considered the same as she (Park) herself receiving it.  The defense is expected to strongly challenge this by saying that the prosecution, on whom the burden of proof lies, has not proved collusion between Park and Choi. The appeal hearing continues on Oct 19. ",1
17694,Egypt extends state of emergency for three months starting Friday: official gazette,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt has extended a state of emergency for another three months, starting Friday, the official gazette said on Thursday.  Egypt first imposed the state of emergency in April after two church bombings killed at least 45 people. It was then extended in July for a further three months.  ",1
17695,Cambodia deports 74 Chinese arrested for telecom extortion scams,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia on Thursday deported 74 Chinese nationals wanted in China on suspicion of extorting money from people there over the internet and by telephone, Cambodian police said. This raises the number of people from China and Taiwan who have been deported this year for suspected telecom scams to 346, Uk Heisela, the head of the Cambodian police told reporters at a press conference at the airport in the capital of Phnom Penh. Several hundred suspected scammers have been arrested in Cambodia, which has emerged as a major center of rackets that have cost the victims billions of dollars. A team of Chinese police arrived at the airport on a China Southern Airlines flight to pick up the suspects, who wore masks and had numbers marked on pink shirts. Uk Heisela said the 74 suspects, including 14 women, had been detained on Oct. 5 in the seaside town of Sihanoukville. Two Indonesians were also deported back to their home country.  They tricked victims in China, the civil servants there, such as teachers, medics and artists,  Uk Heisela said. In some cases, they had obtained naked pictures of the victims and used them for blackmail, he said. Cambodia is one of China s closest allies in Southeast Asia. More than 400 Chinese and Taiwanese were arrested in Cambodia in August alone for suspected telecom scams. The country s good internet connections and relaxed immigration laws have attracted con artists to carry out crimes.  ",1
17696,China says it has right to bar people from Hong Kong after British activist expelled,"HONG KONG/BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Thursday it had the right to bar people from Hong Kong, a day after a British activist was denied entry to the former British colony, and that it had complained to Britain after it demanded an explanation. Hong Kong returned to Chinese rule in 1997 under a  one country, two systems  formula that promises it a high degree of autonomy and freedoms not enjoyed on the mainland. But critics have accused the government of bending to the will of Communist Party leaders in Beijing and of a gradual watering down of the territory s freedoms, including freedom of speech and right to protest. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said he was  very concerned  that Benedict Rogers, a co-founder of the Conservative Party s Human Rights Commission, was denied entry to Hong Kong on Wednesday and demanded an  urgent explanation  from Hong Kong and China. It came a week before a sensitive Communist Party leadership meeting starts in Beijing. Johnson also said Hong Kong s high degree of autonomy, rights and freedoms were  central to its way of life . Rogers has been a vocal critic of China-ruled Hong Kong s treatment of political activists, including that of jailed student leader Joshua Wong. He believes the decision to bar him was made by Chinese officials after the Chinese Embassy in London had warned him earlier, through a British member of parliament, that he wouldn t be allowed in. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said the central government had a responsibility for foreign matters related to Hong Kong.  The central Chinese government and the special administrative region government handle the relevant issue in accordance with the law,  Hua said.  Allowing or not allowing people in is China s sovereignty ... Hong Kong affairs are a purely internal matter for China.  She said China had lodged a solemn representation with Britain, meaning an official complaint. When asked about the incident on a radio talk show, Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam agreed.   Ultimately, under the Basic Law (Hong Kong s mini-constitution), the central government is responsible for foreign affairs,  Lam said.  Asked if immigration controls fell under Hong Kong jurisdiction, Lam said:  It has to be considered whether foreign affairs are involved during the process of immigration.  If you say everything falls under Hong Kong s high degree of autonomy, this is not what the Basic Law says.  Rogers, speaking to Reuters shortly after arriving in London, said Beijing s statement confirmed his assumption that the decision to boot him out was made not by Hong Kong but by Chinese authorities. He described the interference in Hong Kong s immigration controls as  very alarming  and  a very serious threat to  one country, two systems .   China has now revealed its hand. The world ought to have woken up a long time ago, but I think now they really ought to wake up to what this means for  one country, two systems ,  he said.  I m very sad for what this means for Hong Kong.  The former head of Hong Kong s civil service turned pro-democracy activist, Anson Chan, said the case was a  serious breach  of the Basic Law. Article 154 of the Basic Law says Hong Kong  may apply immigration controls on entry  of foreigners into Hong Kong.  The Immigration Department must have sought instructions from on high,  she told Reuters.  They (Beijing) are sending a message that if you dare speak out on Hong Kong ... you will not be allowed in.  Amnesty International s East Asia director, Nicholas Bequelin, suggested China s definition of what constitutes national security is creeping into Hong Kong.   In China if you re critical of the political system, you re committing a national security crime and this is exactly the type of thing  one country, two systems  should protect against.  In response to a Reuters  request for comment on whether China was involved in Rogers  denial of entry, Hong Kong s Immigration Department said it did not comment on individual cases. China has admitted asking a group of British MPs to cancel a visit to Hong Kong in 2014 during the massive pro-democracy protests, of which Joshua Wong was a leader, that paralyzed highways for 79 days. Hong Kong has, on occasion, barred entry to individuals including dissidents, such as former leaders of the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests in Beijing and a Danish sculptor, Jens Galschiot, who made a Tiananmen sculpture. ",1
17697,China's richest man built fortune even as debt mountain climbed,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Named the richest man in China on Thursday with a net worth of $43 billion, property tycoon Xu Jiayin is likened by some media to Donald Trump, having built his fortune on a real estate business that has blossomed under a mountain of debt. The 59-year-old Xu s China Evergrande Group has a market value of $47 billion, although its total debt stands at more than $100 billion, an issue that has prompted some wary investors to short the stock.    Evergrande, China s second-most indebted company, has now pledged to cut its net debt ratio to around 70 percent by June 2020 from 240 percent and has raised $3.8 billion in new funds and exchanged $2.8 billion of existing debt this year.   Thanks to a boom in the value of Chinese property assets, Xu s wealth has climbed by $30 billion in the past year to top the rich list compiled annually by the Hurun Report. Evergrande, whose shares have surged 480 percent this year, is now ranked as the country s third-largest developer by sales.  The stock s bull run to record highs accelerated this month, driven by plans for a backdoor listing in mainland China and the announcement of a target to reduce debt. Xu s political stock is also high with the ruling Communist Party. He is a member of the Chinese People s Political Consultative Conference, the top advisory body. And the State Council, China s cabinet, bestowed on him the title  National Model Worker  - one of the country s highest civilian honors. Earlier this year, Xu, in his advisory role, proposed measures to alleviate poverty and hailed China s president.  We believe that under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with General Secretary Xi Jinping as the core, we would certainly win the battle against poverty,  Xu said.      Xu graduated from Wuhan University of Science and Technology in 1982, and was awarded an honorary doctorate degree in commerce by the University of West Alabama in 2008.  He founded Evergrande in 1996 and listed it in Hong Kong in 2009 after raising around HK$6 billion ($767 million) in an initial public offering.  Acquisition-hungry Evergrande, which has developed thousands of middle class homes in China, made headlines in 2010 when it bought the main soccer club in its home town of Guangzhou for 100 million yuan ($15 million).  In 2014, Xu sold a half stake in the club to China s biggest e-commerce company Alibaba for $192 million. Alibaba s founder Jack Ma said at the time that he and Xu hatched the deal over dinner and drinks, and wrapped it up in just a few days. Xu came under a less friendly spotlight in 2015, when Australia ordered him to sell his A$39 million ($31 million) Sydney mansion as part of a crackdown on foreigners whose buying had contributed to an overheated residential property market. ",1
17698,Finnish president has strong poll lead ahead of January elections,"HELSINKI (Reuters) - Finnish President Sauli Niinisto is set to be elected for a second six-year term in January elections by a wide margin, a poll commissioned by public broadcaster YLE showed on Thursday. Known for cultivating good relations with Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin, 69-year-old Niinisto   an independent candidate who previously represented the conservative National Coalition Party   had the support of 76 percent in the poll. Fourteen percent of respondents backed lawmaker Pekka Haavisto from the Greens of Finland while five others had in total around 10 percent. The president is in charge of Finland s foreign and defense policy together with the government, but otherwise the post has become largely ceremonial in the past few decades. Following the Ukraine crisis and chilly East-West relations, Niinisto has taken an active role in maintaining relations with neighboring Russia by regular contacts with Putin. Finland is an EU member but it has stayed out of the NATO  military alliance under its tradition of avoiding confrontation with Russia. The two countries share a 833 mile (1,340 km) border and a difficult history.  I don t easily declare myself as an advisor... But my message to Moscow, Brussels, Washington and any other place is: you should have dialogue,  Niinisto told reporters last week. The election will take place on January 28. If no candidate gets half of the votes, there will be a second round in February. If Niinisto and Haavisto met in a second round, Niinisto would win 82 percent of that vote, the poll showed.  The numbers are exceptional. Incumbent presidents always have an advantage, but we ve never seen one s popularity grow as the election gets closer,  said Johanna Vuorelma, political scientist at University of Helsinki.  With the current tensions in the Baltic Sea region, it seems people look for a safe and familiar candidate, and don t even want to consider alternatives.  The poll by Taloustutkimus surveyed 1,470 Finns last week. ",1
17699,New Zealand held in suspense as kingmaker weighs coalition options,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealanders will likely need to wait several more days to find out who will form the new government in the South Pacific island nation, the small nationalist party holding the balance of power said on Thursday. The New Zealand First Party was holding a fifth day of talks with both the ruling National and the opposition Labour Party to form a coalition government, almost three weeks after an inconclusive general election.  Prime Minister Bill English s ruling National Party won 56 seats in the Sept. 23 election, while a Labour-Green bloc have 54 seats, leaving both needing New Zealand First s nine seats to meet the 61 seats needed for a majority in parliament. New Zealand First leader Winston Peters said that he was  pretty confident  that those talks with the main parties would conclude on Thursday evening, but said the NZ First board would not meet to discuss its options until the weekend at the earliest.  It depends upon the logistical availability of the board which will be Saturday, Sunday or Monday,  Peters told reporters.  I ll know that before too long.  Asked whether the public would know who the government is by the end of next week, Peters said yes,the Stuff.co.nz media website reported.  The political limbo has pushed the New Zealand dollar, the world s 11th most traded currency, down by around 3.3 percent since the vote. The Kiwi was trading at $0.7103 mid-afternoon on Thursday after hitting a four-month low earlier this week. Two recent independent surveys have suggested the uncertainty is curbing business sentiment, although official data released on Thursday indicated that consumer confidence remained robust. There are also concerns that a government including the nationalist NZ First would lead to more interventionist economic policies. Peters fueled those fears earlier this week when he said that exporters should welcome the recent fall in the local currency. NZ First also wants to restrict foreign investment, curb immigration and renegotiate certain trade deals.  Strong immigration has been blamed for the country s hot housing market and unaffordable prices. Data from the Real Estate Institute of New Zealand released on Thursday showed that the number of properties sold in September was the lowest for that month for six years, as the market awaited an election result. Peters lost his own seat in the election to a National candidate but remains the lead negotiator and eligible for a ministerial post as leader of NZ First.  He said talks so far had focused on policy, with no discussions yet on ministerial portfolios or offices.  Peters said he was aiming for a  serious consensus  from the NZ First board on which party to support, but he declined to identify or number those board members. ",1
17700,Turkey issues arrest warrants for 25 soldiers in post-coup probe - sources,"DIYARBAKIR (Reuters) - Turkish authorities have issued arrest warrants for 25 soldiers across Turkey and the breakaway Turkish Cypriot state in northern Cyprus, security sources said, as part of a widening crackdown following last year s failed military coup. The soldiers, on active duty and of varying ranks in Turkey s military, are being sought across 13 provinces and Turkish northern Cyprus, the sources said. Prosecutors in the southeastern province of Mardin ordered the arrest of the soldiers over the  secret military structuring  of the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, the sources said.  Gulen, who has lived in self-imposed exile in the United States since 1999, is accused by Ankara of masterminding the July 15 coup attempt. He has denied involvement. Since the coup, more than 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial over links to Gulen, while 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from jobs in the military, public and private sectors. Rights groups and some of Turkey s Western allies have voiced concern about the crackdown, fearing the government is using the coup as a pretext to quash dissent. The government says only such a purge could neutralize the threat represented by Gulen s network, which it says deeply infiltrated institutions such as the army, schools and courts. ",1
17701,Ukraine's controversial law reforms open to revision: Justice Minister,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Ukrainian Justice Minister Pavlo Petrenko said on Thursday he was open to amending law reforms amid concerns they aided corruption and could lead to the end of probes into the shooting of protesters in the run-up up to the 2014 revolution. The eastern European nation, which is in a dispute with Russia over its annexation of Crimea, passed amendments to the Criminal Procedure Code last week that anti-corruption groups say severely limits the time investigators have to solve a crime and present a case in court.  Petrenko said he had yet to go through the final text of the lengthy reforms, but he said that he was aware of the concerns.  If there (are) some positions which make problems for the investigations process for old cases or for new cases I will give proposals to the parliament and president to change these positions,  Petrenko told Reuters in an interview in Sydney, where he was attending a legal industry conference. The legislation still requires the sign-off from President Petro Poroshenko.  The National Anti-Corruption Bureau of Ukraine said in a statement last week the new legislation could force investigators to present a criminal case before court within six months, or up to 12 months with a court extension. Corrupt officials could benefit, the law enforcement agency said, given the complexity of investigations that can involve international assistance. There are also fears that the legislation could prevent prosecutions for crimes committed during the Euromaidan street demonstrations in 2013 and 2014, where more than 100 protesters, demanding closer European integration, were gunned down. The popular uprising, that focused on corruption concerns and the country s Russian ties, culminated with the removal of the then president Viktor Yanukovych. More than three years on, Ukraine is still dealing with allegations of deep corruption with Transparency International earlier this year ranking it 131st of 176 countries in the World Ranking of Corruption Perception. Petrenko said on Thursday the country was intent on reforming its judicial system, which included the selection of more than 100 Supreme Court judges after a competition-style candidate process designed to root out corruption.     Are all these people ideal? I think no, because the country is not ideal,  Petrenko said.  You cannot find some ideal people from Mars or from the moon and take them and put in these positions, but those people, they went through the objective, transparent and absolutely public competition.  Ukraine is the recipient of an aid-for-reforms program from the International Monetary Fund. ",1
17702,Spain gives Catalan leader 8 days to drop independence," (This October 11 story has been refiled to add Puigdemont s first name, title in paragraph three.) By Blanca Rodr guez and Sonya Dowsett MADRID/BARCELONA (Reuters) - Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy on Wednesday gave the Catalan government eight days to drop an independence bid, failing which he would suspend Catalonia s political autonomy and rule the region directly. His move could deepen the confrontation between Madrid and the northeastern region but also signals a way out of Spain s biggest political crisis since a failed military coup in 1981.    Rajoy would probably call a snap regional election after activating Article 155 of the constitution that would allow him to sack the Catalan regional government. Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont issued a symbolic declaration of independence from Spain on Tuesday night but then immediately suspended it and called for negotiations with the Madrid government.  The cabinet has agreed this morning to formally request the Catalan government to confirm whether it has declared the  independence of Catalonia, regardless of the deliberate confusion created over its implementation,  Rajoy said in a televised address after a cabinet meeting called to consider the government s response. He later told Spain s parliament the Catalan government had until Monday, Oct. 16 at 0800 GMT to answer. If Puigdemont was to confirm he did declare independence, he would be given an additional three days to rectify it, until Thursday, Oct. 19 at 0800 GMT. Failing this, Article 155 would be triggered. It is not yet clear if the Catalan government will answer the requirement but it now faces a conundrum, analysts say. If Puigdemont says he did proclaim independence, the central government will step in. If he says he did not declare it, then far-left party CUP would probably withdraw its support for his minority government.  Rajoy has two objectives: if Puigdemont remains ambiguous, the pro-independence movement will get more fragmented; if Puigdemont insists on defending independence then Rajoy will be able to apply Article 155,  said Antonio Barroso, deputy director of the London-based research firm Teneo Intelligence.  Either way, Rajoy s aim would be to first restore the rule of law in Catalonia and this could at some point lead to early elections in the region.  The stakes are high - losing Catalonia, which has its own language and culture, would deprive Spain of a fifth of its economic output and more than a quarter of exports.     Puigdemont had been widely expected to unilaterally declare Catalonia s independence on Tuesday after the Catalan government said 90 percent of Catalans had voted for a breakaway in an Oct. 1 referendum. Central authorities in Madrid had declared the referendum illegal and most opponents of independence boycotted it, reducing turnout to around 43 percent.  Madrid responded angrily to Puigdemont s speech to Catalonia s parliament, saying his government could not act on the results of the referendum.  Neither Mr. Puigdemont nor anyone else can claim, without returning to legality and democracy, to impose mediation... Dialogue between democrats takes place within the law,  Deputy Prime Minister Soraya Saenz de Santamaria said. Invoking Article 155 to ease Spain s worst political crisis in four decades would make prospects of a negotiated solution even more remote. A spokesman for the Catalan government in Barcelona said earlier on Wednesday that if Madrid went down this road, it would press ahead with steps towards statehood.  We have given up absolutely nothing...We have taken a time out...which doesn t mean a step backwards, or a renunciation or anything like that,  Catalan government spokesman Jordi Turull told Catalunya Radio. Spanish Socialist opposition leader Pedro Sanchez said he would back Rajoy if he had to activate Article 155 and that he  agreed with the premier to launch constitutional reform within six months to address how Catalonia could fit better in Spain. It was not clear how the Catalan government would respond to that offer.      Puigdemont s speech also disappointed supporters of independence, thousands of whom watched proceedings on giant screens outside parliament before sadly leaving for home. Financial markets, however, were encouraged that an immediate declaration of independence had been avoided. After Puigdemont s speech, Spain s benchmark IBEX share index rose as much as 1.6 percent, outperforming the pan-European STOXX 600 index. The rally propelled the main world stocks index, the MSCI s 47-country  All-World  index, to a record high. Spain s 10-year government bond yield - which moves inversely to the price - dropped 5 basis points to 1.65 percent in early trade, according to Tradeweb data. At European Union headquarters in Brussels, there was relief that Spain, the euro zone s fourth-largest economy, now had at least bought some time to deal with a crisis that was still far from over.  One EU official said Puigdemont  seems to have listened to advice not to do something irreversible . The EU has been cool to Puigdemont s calls for European mediation. The Catalan crisis has deeply divided the region itself as well as the Spanish nation. Opinion polls conducted before the vote suggested a minority of about 40 percent of residents in Catalonia backed independence. Some of Catalonia s largest companies have moved their head offices out of the region and others were set to follow if Puigdemont had declared independence. ",1
17703,Turkey detains seven people over explosion at Tupras refinery: NTV,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish authorities have detained seven people over Wednesday s explosion in a storage tank at a Tupras refinery which killed four people, broadcaster NTV said on Thursday. The explosion occurred following maintenance work at the company s refinery in the western Turkish province of Izmir, but had no impact on production. ",1
17704,Australian court says no guarantee of speedy ruling on citizenship crisis,"CANBERRA (Reuters) - Australia s High Court said on Thursday it was aware of the need to rule on the eligibility of seven lawmakers quickly, but warned it could not guarantee a speedy resolution to a case that threatens the government s one-seat majority in parliament. Parliament was rocked in August when seven lawmakers, including the Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce and two other cabinet ministers, said they held dual-citizenship, potentially ruling them ineligible to hold elected office. The uncertainty has put the government s future under the spotlight.  The court is aware of the need for a speedy decision, but it is not always possible to do so immediately,  said chief justice, Susan Kiefel. The court s decision will determine whether Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull can maintain his shaky grip on power. Should the court rule that Joyce, the sole lower house lawmaker caught up in the crisis, is ineligible, Turnbull will need to win the support of one of three independent lawmakers to keep his minority government. The remaining six politicians embroiled in the case are senators and their seats would be assigned to alternatives from their political party. A potential deal with an independent politician would allow Turnbull s government to continue until a special election for Joyce s seat can be held, most likely in November. Joyce, popular among rural voters who dominate his local constituency, has already indicated he will stand for re-election after renouncing his New Zealand citizenship in August.  Special by-elections are extremely volatile but it is lucky for Turnbull that it is Joyce that may have to stand, as country Australians seem not to trust the prime minister,  said Nick Economou, senior lecturer in Australian politics at Monash University in Melbourne.     Support from rural voters, who overwhelmingly backed Turnbull in his razor thin re-election last year, has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years, a Newspoll for The Australian newspaper on Monday showed. ",1
17705,Four other suspects in killing of North Korean Kim Jong Nam named in court,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Four suspects charged with two women accused of killing the estranged half-brother of North Korea s leader were identified for the first time in a Malaysian court on Thursday.  Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Vietnamese national Doan Thi Huong were charged in March along with four unnamed others for the murder of Kim Jong Nam at Kuala Lumpur international airport on Feb 13.  The four unnamed suspects were only identified as Mr. Chang, Mr. Y, James, and Hanamori also known as  Grandpa  or  Uncle , investigating police officer Wan Azirul Nizam Che Wan Aziz told the court, citing criminal investigation findings. Wan Azirul identified Mr. Y as a man seen in a video recording played in court. The man, wearing a black cap and carrying a black backpack, was seen in the video walking into the airport with a woman who resembled Huong.  Huong and Siti Aisyah are accused of murdering Kim Jong Nam by smearing his face with liquid VX, a chemical poison banned by the United Nations.  Based on my investigation, Mr. Y was the person who applied a liquid on the second accused,  Wan Azirul said, referring to Huong.  Meanwhile, Mr. Chang was seen meeting with Siti Aisyah at a restaurant at the airport s third-level departure hall in a separate video screened in court, Wan Azirul said.  Hanamori had given instructions to Mr. Y, while James had  recruited  Siti Aisyah, Wan Azirul said, without elaborating.  He did not say whether the four suspects were North Koreans or whether they were the same four people who Malaysian police said left Kuala Lumpur for Pyongyang on the day of the killing.  Malaysia has issued an Interpol red notice, the closest instrument to an international arrest warrant, on the four who left, identified as North Koreans Ri Ji Hyon, Hong Song Hac, O Jong Gil, and Ri Jae Nam.    The trial will resume after a planned visit to the airport on Oct. 24. ",1
17706,Syrian army battles Islamic State in al-Mayadin town: report,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian army and its allies have captured areas of Islamic State-held al-Mayadin in eastern Syria, a Hezbollah-run military news outlet reported on Thursday, in an advance into the jihadist group s main urban base of operations in Syria.  Backed by Russia, Iran and Shi ite militias, the Syrian army encircled the militants in al-Mayadin on Sunday. In June, two U.S. intelligence officials told Reuters that they believed Islamic State had moved most of its diminished command structure and propaganda team to al-Mayadin, southeast of its former capital of Raqqa. ",1
17707,Russia says U.S. military in Baltic contradicts Russia-NATO agreement: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s Defense Ministry said on Thursday that the U.S. military presence in the Baltic states contradicts the Russia-NATO agreement, RIA news agency quoted it as saying. The ministry was quoted as saying that the United States has, in effect, deployed a division of its forces in the Baltic states, near Russia s borders. ",1
17708,"Colombia peace deal cannot be modified for 12 years, court rules","BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia s next three governments must comply with a 2016 peace deal signed with the Marxist FARC rebel group, the Constitutional Court said in a ruling late on Wednesday, shielding the accord from potential changes should the opposition win next year s elections. The decision blocks modifications to the peace deal for the next 12, stymieing right-wing opponents of President Juan Manuel Santos who have long rejected the accord and who may have sought to change or cancel it. The deal with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) rebels ended more than 52 years of war. More than 220,000 people have died and millions have been displaced during the Andean country s conflict between the government, leftist guerrillas and right-wing paramilitaries.  Institutions and authorities of the state have the obligation to comply with what is established in the final accord in good faith...until the end of three complete presidential periods following the signing,  reads the constitutional reform approved by the court. The government welcomed the ruling, with peace commissioner Rodrigo Rivera saying in a statement that the ruling should ease any worries among former FARC combatants, some 7,000 of whom have demobilized and formed a political party, that the accord will not be respected. Right-wing opposition politicians, including ex-president turned senator Alvaro Uribe, said the ruling ignored the will of Colombians, who narrowly rejected the deal in a referendum held just over a year ago, before it was modified and passed through Congress. ",1
17709,Guatemala Supreme Court will not probe president's salary bonus,"GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - Guatemala s Supreme Court said on Wednesday it would not investigate the country s president for receiving a salary bonus that made him one of Latin America s best-paid leaders.  President Jimmy Morales received 50,000 quetzals ($6,808) each month as a  Bonus for Extraordinary Responsibility  from the Defense Ministry that was not part of the official presidential salary, Guatemala s federal auditor said last month.  With the bonus, which began last December, Morales  monthly pay package totaled about 200,000 quetzals ($27,233), according to the defense minister. He later returned the bonus funds. The court s decision preserves Morales  immunity against corruption investigations. In a separate case last month, Guatemala s Congress voted to protect the president from a potential probe into alleged illegal campaign financing.   The president already returned the bonus and ... a person cannot be judged twice for the same incident. That is what causes it to be rejected,  Supreme Court spokesman Angel Pineda said of the bonus case.  A statement from the president s office said Morales accepted the court s decision, and contended that actions against him had been politically motivated.     Guatemala s federal prosecutor and a United Nations-backed commission against impunity in Guatemala (CICIG) had pushed to revoke immunity for Morales after his salary bonus became known.      Last month, thousands of Guatemalans marched to protest high-level corruption in the impoverished country and to demand that Morales and Guatemalan lawmakers step down.  The federal auditor, which audits all government spending, said on Sept. 12 it would investigate the salary bonus, but has not yet produced any findings.   With the salary bonus, Morales earned 70 percent more than Chilean President Michelle Bachelet and 130 percent more than Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto, two of the region s best-paid leaders. The bonus made his salary about 90 times more than the $300 monthly minimum wage in Guatemala, where 60 percent of the population lives in poverty. ",1
17710,"Asked to explain 'calm before the storm' remark, Trump talks North Korea","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday appeared to confirm he had North Korea in mind last week when he described a gathering of military leaders as  the calm before the storm.  In an interview with U.S. network Fox News, Trump was asked what he meant with the cryptic phrase, which had fueled concerns the United States and North Korea were closer to war.  We can t let this to go on. We just can t,  Trump said in response to the question, adding that China has been very helpful in the situation.  They cut off banking to North Korea.  Trump made the  calm before the storm  comment during an Oct 5 photo opportunity before having dinner with U.S. military leaders and their wives. The dinner followed a meeting in which Trump and the military leaders discussed Iran, North Korea, Afghanistan and the fight against Islamic State.  On Wednesday, Trump also characterized a diplomatic deal with North Korea brokered under former President Bill Clinton as a failure.  Before ... the ink was dry on the contract, they were already starting again with the missiles, and with the nuclear, frankly,  Trump said.  We cannot allow this to happen. This should have been taken care of long ago.  he said.  ",1
17711,China's top paper warns party officials against 'spiritual anesthesia',"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s top newspaper warned Communist Party officials on Thursday not to  pray to God and worship Buddha , because communism is about atheism and superstition is at the root of many corrupt officials who fall from grace. China officially guarantees freedom of religion for major belief systems like Christianity, Buddhism and Islam, but party members are meant to be atheists and are especially banned from participating in what China calls superstitious practices like visiting soothsayers. The party s official People s Daily said in a commentary it had not been uncommon over the past few years to see officials taken down for corruption to have also participated in  feudalistic superstitious activities .  In fact, some officials often go to monasteries, pray to God and worship Buddha,  it said.  Some officials are obsessed with rubbing shoulders with masters, fraternizing with them as brothers and becoming their lackeys and their money-trees.  Chinese people, especially the country s leaders, have a long tradition of putting their faith in soothsaying and geomancy, looking for answers in times of doubt, need and chaos. The practice has grown more risky amid a sweeping crackdown on deep-seated corruption launched by President Xi Jinping upon assuming power in late 2012, in which dozens of senior officials have been imprisoned. The People s Daily pointed to the example of Li Chuncheng, a former deputy party chief in Sichuan who was jailed for 13 years in 2015 for bribery and abuse of power, who it said was an enthusiastic user of the traditional Chinese geomancy practice of fengshui. Another much more junior official, in the southern province of Jiangxi, wore charms to ward off bad luck, it said.  As an official, if you spend all your time fixating on crooked ways, sooner or later you ll come to grief,  it said. The founder of modern China, Mao Zedong, banned fortune telling and superstition in puritan, communist China after the 1949 revolution, but the occult has made a comeback since the still officially atheist country embraced economic reforms and began opening up in the late 1970s. In one of the most famous recent cases, China s powerful former security chief Zhou Yongkang was jailed for life in part due to accusations he leaked undisclosed state secrets to a fortune teller and healer called Cao Yongzheng, known as the  Xinjiang sage  after the far western region where he grew up. The People s Daily said officials must remember Marx s guiding words that  Communism begins from the outset with atheism .  Superstition is thought pollution and spiritual anesthesia that cannot be underestimated and must be thoroughly purged,  it said. ",1
17712,U.S. still seeking explanation for arrest of staff in Turkey: ambassador,"ANKARA (Reuters) - The United States is still seeking an explanation from Ankara for the detention of staff at U.S. missions in Turkey which led Washington to stop issuing visas and triggered a diplomatic crisis, the U.S. ambassador said on Wednesday.  Ambassador John Bass said the decision to suspend granting visas was not taken lightly, but the detentions indicated a breakdown in communication between the two NATO allies, whose relations have come under increasing strain.  Unfortunately... the U.S. government still has not received any official communications from the Turkish government about the reasons why our local employees have been detained or arrested,  he told reporters at the U.S. embassy in Ankara. Washington says two locally employed staff were arrested in Turkey this year. In May, a translator at the consulate in the southern province of Adana was arrested and last week a Drug Enforcement Administration worker was detained in Istanbul. President Tayyip Erdogan s spokesman said last week the Istanbul employee, Metin Topuz, had been in contact with a leading suspect in last year s failed military coup. Turkish media reported similar accusations against the translator.  The notion that people in our employment are facing or are under suspicion of terrorism charges here, that is a very serious allegation,  Bass said.  It is one we want to take seriously and we want to better understand the ostensible evidence that supports these allegations . Since the failed military coup in July last year, in which at least 240 people were killed, more than 50,000 people have been detained and 150,000, including teachers, academics, soldiers and journalists, have been suspended from work. Some Western allies fear the crackdown shows the country is slipping ever deeper into authoritarian rule under Erdogan. Ankara says its critics fail to understand the scale of the security challenges in Turkey, which has also faced conflict on its southern borders with Iraq and Syria, and an insurgency in its mainly Kurdish southeast. Erdogan has blamed Bass for the latest dispute, suggesting he acted unilaterally in suspending visa services and declaring that his government no longer considered Bass to be Washington s envoy and would not hold meetings with him.  The U.S. State Department denied Bass acted alone, saying his actions were coordinated with officials in Washington. In a sign that Ankara was stepping back from the pledge to exclude Bass, Turkish television channels reported that he met a foreign ministry official later on Wednesday. The ambassador is due to leave Turkey within days to take up a post in Afghanistan. U.S.-Turkish tensions have risen in recent months over U.S. military support for Kurdish YPG fighters in Syria, considered by Ankara to be an extension of the banned PKK which has waged an insurgency for three decades in southeast Turkey. Turkey has also pressed, so far in vain, for the United States to extradite Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen, a former ally of Erdogan who is viewed in Ankara as the mastermind behind the failed coup. Another source of friction was the U.S. indictment of Turkey s former economy minister Zafer Caglayan for conspiring to violate U.S. sanctions on Iran. A U.S. court also indicted 15 of Erdogan s guards after they clashed with protesters during his visit to Washington in May. In addition to the two detained consulate workers, Turkey is  holding a U.S. pastor on charges which Turkish media say include membership of Gulen s network. Bass called for the release of the Christian missionary, Andrew Brunson, saying he had seen nothing of merit in the charges against him. He denied reports that Turkish police were trying to speak to another consulate employee.  To the best of our knowledge there are not any outstanding requests from Turkish law enforcement officials for any of our local staff to come in and talk to them,  he said. ",1
17713,Turkey expects visa spat with U.S. to be resolved soon: deputy PM,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A diplomatic crisis between the United States and Turkey that led them to stop issuing visas to each other s citizens is  overblown  and will likely be resolved soon, Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek said on Wednesday. In remarks apparently aimed at defusing tensions between the two countries, Simsek told an event in Washington that Turkey considered the safety and security of U.S. diplomats and employees in Turkey a  top priority  and described the detention of staff at U.S. missions in Turkey as  routine  investigations.  Tensions between the two NATO allies rose in recent days after the detentions of two locally employed staff prompted the United States on Sunday to suspend non-immigrant visa services at its embassy and consulates in Turkey. Hours later, Turkey issued a similar suspension on visas for U.S. citizens.  U.S.-Turkish relations were already strained over U.S. military support for Kurdish fighters in Syria and the United States  unwillingness to extradite Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen, a former Erdogan ally whom Ankara views as the mastermind behind last year s failed military coup.  We don t want this dispute to last more than a second,  Simsek said of the current visa spat at a briefing on U.S. business opportunities in Turkey at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce on Wednesday. He added that Turkey is committed to  safeguarding  U.S. government employees in Turkey. Simsek s remarks contrasted with Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan s statements on Tuesday that  agents  had infiltrated U.S. missions in Turkey and that Ankara no longer recognized U.S. Ambassador John Bass as a legitimate envoy.  Bass told reporters on Wednesday the U.S. government had still not received any official explanation from the Turkish government for why the employees were arrested in Turkey this year. When a U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration worker was detained in Istanbul last week, Erdogan s spokesman said the employee had been in contact with a leading suspect in last July s failed coup. Since the abortive putsch, in which at least 240 people were killed, more than 50,000 people have been detained and 150,000, including teachers, academics, soldiers and journalists, have been suspended from work. Simsek on Wednesday dismissed concerns expressed by some Western allies that the crackdown shows Turkey is slipping into authoritarian rule under Erdogan.  Turkey is not doing arbitrary arrests. There are no political hostages. Give us the benefit of the doubt that Turkey s judicial system will work and is functioning,  he said. ",1
17714,Tillerson speaks with Turkish counterpart about visa spat,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson spoke on Wednesday with Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu and expressed his  profound concern  over the detention of staff at U.S. diplomatic missions in Turkey, the U.S. State Department said in a statement. Tillerson also called on the Turkish government to present evidence behind the accusations against two locally employed staff who were arrested in Turkey this year, the statement said. The detentions prompted Washington to stop issuing visas and triggered a diplomatic crisis. ",1
17715,Brazil Supreme Court allows Congress last word on removal of lawmakers,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil s Supreme Court on Wednesday decided to grant Congress the final word on decisions to remove a sitting politician, conceding a victory to lawmakers fighting to shield themselves from prosecution for corruption. The narrow 6-5 decision will allow the Senate to vote next week to revoke a top court ruling that suspended Senator Aecio Neves who is being investigated in seven corruption cases. A majority of the justices decided to back off from confrontation with Congress in the midst of Brazil s biggest political corruption scandal, which has even implicated President Michel Temer and his inner circle of cabinet ministers. The lower house of Congress is expected to vote later this month to shelve charges against Temer in a corruption case involving meatpacker JBS SA, saving him from trial by the Supreme Court. More than 110 politicians are targeted by the sprawling Car Wash graft investigation that has uncovered since 2014 a massive network of bribes and kickbacks paid by companies seeking to win government contracts and influence legislation. Congress has pushed back against judicial action by the Supreme Court since the justices ordered the removal of the former speaker of the lower house, Eduardo Cunha, who was  arrested last year, convicted of corruption and sentenced to more than 15 years in prison for corruption. One third of the politicians in Brazil s Congress - more than 230 - including more than half of its senators, are being investigated for breaking the law and face trial by the Supreme Court, the only court that can try lawmakers and ministers. Those being investigated include the presidents of the Senate and the lower house, and many of the leaders of Temer s governing coalition. In another gain for the political class, the Supreme Court ruled on Tuesday that no one can be charged merely on the basis of plea bargain testimony by just one witness if no evidence is provided to back up the accusation. Plea deals have been the main tool used by anti-corruption prosecutors to track the network of political kickbacks and   dismantle graft schemes discovered at oil company Petrobras and other state-run enterprises. The ruling was part of a decision to throw out corruption and money laundering charges against Senator Renan Calheiros, the former president of the Senate who faces seven other graft investigations. ",1
17716,Joint Strike Fighter plans stolen in Australia cyber attack,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - A hacker stole non-classified information about Australia s Joint Strike Fighter program and other military hardware last year after breaching the network of a defense contractor, the defense industry minister said on Thursday. About 30 gigabytes of data was stolen in the cyber attack, including details of the Joint Strike Fighter warplane and P-8 Poseidon surveillance plane, according to a presentation on the hack by a government official.      Fortunately the data that has been taken is commercial data, not military data ... it s not classified information,  Defence Industry Minister Christopher Pyne told Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) Radio.  I don t know who did it.  In a presentation to a conference in Sydney, an official from the Australian Signals Directorate (ASD) intelligence agency said technical information on smart bombs, the Joint Strike Fighter, the Poseidon maritime patrol aircraft and several naval vessels was stolen.  The compromise was extensive and extreme,  said the official, Mitchell Clarke, in an audio recording made by a ZDNet journalist and broadcast by the ABC. Clarke said the attacker accessed the small contractor s systems for five months in 2016, and the  methodical, slow and deliberate,  choice of target suggested a nation-state actor could be behind the raid. Australia has agreed to buy 72 Lockheed Martin Corp Joint Strike Fighter planes. A spokesman for the Australian Cyber Security Centre (ACSC), a government agency, said the government would not release further details about the cyber attack.   The ACSC said in a report on Monday that it responded to 734 cyber attacks on  systems of national interest  for the year ended June 30, and the defense industry was a major target. The attack on the defense contractor was carried out by a  malicious cyber adversary , it said.    In 2016 the agency said it responded to 1,095 cyber attacks over an 18-month period, including an intrusion from a foreign intelligence service on the weather bureau. ",1
17717,Kenya vote in balance as crisis deepens after Odinga quits,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya lurched deeper into political confusion on Wednesday as a court ruling and a parliamentary vote appeared to ease Uhuru Kenyatta s path to a second term as president, a day after his chief rival quit an election they were to contest. Kenyatta and Raila Odinga were due to face off in a repeat election on Oct. 26, after the Supreme Court annulled their August ballot - in which the president was declared the winner. But Odinga pulled out of the re-run on Tuesday, fuelling doubts about whether it would be contested at all. Wednesday s interventions by the judiciary and legislature added to the uncertainty. As police used teargas to disperse opposition protesters demanding electoral reform, the High Court approved a petition by Ekuru Aukot, who polled less than 1 percent in the August vote, to contest the second ballot. The election board later issued a statement saying that all eight candidates who competed in August would be on the ballot. It also said although Odinga had notified them of his withdrawal by letter, he had not yet submitted the official form to do so.  The developments suggested that the second election would go ahead, with Kenyatta the likely winner against a plethora of weaker candidates. No challenger except Odinga polled more than 1 percent. Further muddying the political waters, parliament passed an election law amendment stating that if one candidate withdrew from the re-run vote, the remaining one would automatically win. The vote was boycotted by opposition lawmakers.  The law aimed to ensure Kenyatta could be declared president if he faced no challengers. The events stoked confusion among voters and fears that politically-driven violence might escalate. Months of political uncertainty have already blunted growth in East Africa s richest nation, a long-time ally of the West.   There s a real atmosphere of confusion and uncertainty. There seems to be dozens of opinions of what should come next,  said Murithi Mutiga, a senior Horn of Africa analyst for the global thinktank International Crisis Group.  Justifying his pullout on Tuesday, Odinga said the election would not be free and fair and renewed calls for the electoral board (IEBC), which he blamed for the procedural irregularities identified in the first ballot, to be replaced. Opposition supporters on Wednesday renewed their protests for electoral reform.  Demonstrators lit bonfires in Kisumu, an Odinga stronghold in the country s west, while more than a thousand supporters marched through the central business district in the capital Nairobi. Police used teargas to disperse them in both cities, witnesses said. Juliana Otieno, the chief executive of the Oginga Odinga Hospital in the city, said 17 people had been admitted with injuries suffered during the protests. A Reuters witness counted at least five of them with bullet wounds. Kisumu s police commander, Titus Yoma, said he had no information on the bullet wounds and his officers were still quelling the protests, which were centered around two slums in the lakeside city. At least 37 people were killed in protests immediately following the August vote, almost all of them by police, a Kenyan rights group said on Monday. Ethnic clashes killed 1,200 people following a disputed presidential poll in 2007.  We want a reformed IEBC,  said Elisha Odhiambo, an opposition legislator, referring to the electoral board, which has frequently relied on riot police dispersing protests outside its offices in recent weeks.  Mombasa Governor Ali Hassan Joho, a key opposition player, told protesters in Uhuru Park:  Our voices must be heard. We have no war with anyone but we will not allow anyone to stifle us.  After the High Court ruling in his favor, Aukot told reporters that he still had concerns about the board and would issue a statement in a day or two giving clarity about his plans.  It was unclear if other candidates from the first ballot with little support would also seek to be included, but the election board said it still had time to print ballot papers.  The Sept. 1 Supreme Court judgment that nullified Kenyatta s 1.4 million vote win also stipulated elections had to be held within 60 days.  If that schedule is not met, the constitution provides for the speaker of parliament, a member of Kenyatta s party, to take power.  With two weeks to go until the elections, it is still unclear who will stand.   I would expect one of the parties will try to seek an authoritative announcement from the Supreme Court,  International Crisis Group s Mutiga said. Amid the political uncertainty, the government has trimmed this year s GDP growth forecast from 5.9 percent to 5.5 percent last month. The country s equity markets slid further on Wednesday. Kenya s all share index closed down 0.67 percent while the blue chip index fell 1.41 percent.  ",1
17718,"Fearing Trump torpedo, Europe scrambles to save Iran deal","BERLIN/PARIS (Reuters) - European countries are scrambling to cobble together a package of measures they hope will keep the Iran nuclear deal on track if U.S. President Donald Trump ignores their pleas and decertifies the landmark 2015 agreement this week. The package would include a strong statement backing the deal by European powers, together with efforts to lobby the U.S. Congress and put wider pressure on Iran, officials said. But without strong U.S. support for the deal, senior officials in Berlin, Paris and London say it may be only a matter of time before the pact between Tehran and six world powers unravels, with grave consequences for Middle East security, nonproliferation efforts and transatlantic ties. The two-year-old agreement, under which Iran agreed to freeze its nuclear program for 15 years in exchange for sanctions relief, is viewed in Europe as a rare triumph of international diplomacy in the Middle East. As tensions over North Korea s nuclear activities risk boiling over into all-out war, any move by the United States to undermine the Iran deal is seen in Europe as utter folly. European capitals have been delivering this message to the White House and Congress in one of the most intense lobbying campaigns in recent memory. In the past weeks, European ambassadors have met dozens of U.S. lawmakers. And on Tuesday, British Prime Minister Theresa May lobbied Trump by phone. Despite this, Trump is expected declare this week that Iran is not complying with the pact. He is also due to unveil a tough new strategy toward Iran - including designating its Revolutionary Guards Corps as a terrorist organization - that could sink the deal.  If the feeling is the United States no longer supports the agreement then the political reality is that the deal will be in serious jeopardy and its implementation will be very difficult,  a senior French diplomat told Reuters. A decision by Trump to decertify would not automatically kill the agreement, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). The expectation is that Trump would kick the ball to Congress, which would then have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions lifted as part of the JCPOA. THREE-PRONGED RESPONSE European officials said they were preparing a three-pronged strategy if this does occur. First, Berlin, London and Paris would issue statements reaffirming their commitment to the deal. Second, they would redouble efforts to lobby Congress, which appears keen to keep the deal, against any rash moves. And third, they would present measures to pressure Iran over its ballistic missile program and destabilizing policies in the Middle East   areas that fall outside the narrowly-focused nuclear deal. French President Emmanuel Macron alluded to this at the United Nations last month. Diplomats said the package was still in the works and they had not yet briefed Brussels on it. With the third step, the Europeans hope to build a bridge to Washington while keeping the JCPOA intact. But a German diplomat said ratcheting up pressure on Tehran was like walking a tightrope: push too hard and the whole deal could fall apart.  We all knew the JCPOA wasn t perfect, but by calling its benefits into question I see us only losing,  said a senior European diplomat who has been involved in negotiations with Iran since 2003, well before Washington joined the talks under President Barack Obama.  If Trump follows through on his threats it will be the second time in four months that he has distanced the United States from a major multilateral agreement despite intense lobbying by partners and members of his own cabinet. But in Europe, the Iran move would be seen as far more damaging than Trump s decision in June to pull out of the Paris climate accord.  The threat from Iran in terms of nuclear proliferation is more immediate. This is far more dangerous,  said Elmar Brok, a veteran foreign policy expert in the European Parliament and party ally of German Chancellor Angela Merkel. European officials and analysts fear a breakdown of the JCPOA could lead to an arms race in the Middle East, a military conflict between Iran and Israel and an escalation of regional proxy wars between Iran and Saudi Arabia. They fear it would also doom any chances, no matter how slim, for a negotiated deal with North Korea.  At the end of the day it s all about the risk of war,  said Francois Heisbourg, chairman of the International Institute for Strategic Studies. There is also the danger of a further deterioration in transatlantic ties, especially if Washington targets European firms that do business in Iran. Were that to happen, the EU ambassador to Washington, David O Sullivan, has said Brussels would revert to a 1990s-era law that shields European companies from extraterritorial sanctions. Even if the EU were to take such a step, the senior French diplomat said European companies could think twice about their Iran commitments. Among firms that have announced big deals in Iran since the JCPOA went into force are planemaker Airbus, French energy group Total and Germany s Siemens.  One of the big difficulties of the agreement is ensuring the economic operators have confidence in the system and key to that is confidence in the United States,  the diplomat said. Any signs that European companies are pulling back could prompt the Iranians to reassess the merits of the nuclear deal.  The agreement with Iran is like a delicate plant,  said Omid Nouripour, an Iranian-born lawmaker with the German Greens party, which is expected to be part of Merkel s next coalition government.  It is a sign of what diplomacy can achieve but it is fragile. The American president doesn t appear to believe in diplomacy. He seems intent on crushing this plant.  ",1
17719,Iran still trying to buy items for missile development: Germany,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German intelligence agencies have warned German companies that Iran is still trying to circumvent restrictions on the sale of dual-use items for its rocket and missile technology program, according to a document seen by Reuters on Wednesday. The BfV domestic intelligence agency reminded German firms in the document that sales of certain technologies remained illegal despite sanctions relief triggered by the landmark Iran nuclear deal of 2015.  It is important to note that Iran continues to pursue an ambitious rocket and missile technology program which is not affected by the sanctions relief,  the document said. It said the reminder was triggered by  current events  but gave no details. German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel on Monday told reporters that Berlin remains concerned about Iran s behavior in the Middle East and its missile development program, but stressed that Tehran was sticking to the nuclear agreement. European countries are scrambling to pull together a package of measures to keep the nuclear deal on track if U.S. President Donald Trump decertifies the nuclear pact. Under that pact, Iran agreed to freeze its nuclear program for 15 years in exchange for sanctions relief. Trump is expected to declare this week that Iran is not complying with the pact and to unveil a tough new strategy toward Iran. The BfV document said German intelligence agencies were continuing to investigate  intensively  whether Iran was attempting to circumvent existing regulations to acquire products or know-how in Germany. It had reported in June that Iran had sharply scaled back efforts to buy items for its nuclear program, but said attempts to buy items for its development program remained unchanged. It gave no details about the number of such attempts.  Germany s most populous state and its industrial heartland, North Rhine-Westphalia, provided details in its own intelligence report for 2016 that was released on Tuesday. It said it had detected 32 attempts to buy equipment that were probably or definitely proliferation-related in 2016, down from a record 141 attempts seen a year earlier. Most of those attempts were related to Iran s missile program, although some were also linked to Pakistan, it said. The lion s share of the cases did not result in delivery of any equipment because state intelligence officials were able to warn companies in time, or companies recognized suspicious inquiries. It said Iran used a variety of front companies to acquire items, often sending goods through Turkey, the United Arab Emirates and China. ",1
17720,Japan PM's ruling bloc seen nearing 2/3 majority in Oct. 22 lower house poll: Nikkei,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s ruling bloc could come close to keeping its two-thirds  super  majority in an Oct. 22 lower house election, defying some predictions of substantial losses and solidifying his grip on power, a survey published by the Nikkei business daily on Wednesday showed. Abe s conservative Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and its more dovish junior partner, the Komeito, are likely to secure more than 290 seats in the 465-seat chamber, the Nikkei said. The ruling bloc had a two-thirds  super majority  in the lower house before the chamber was dissolved. The number of seats has been cut from 475 as part of electoral reforms. The Nikkei forecast was broadly in line with a Kyodo news agency forecast released on Thursday that saw Abe s coalition winning more than 300 seats. However, Kyodo said 54.4 percent of voters were still undecided. A survey by the Yomiuri newspaper showed the LDP and Komeito winning close to 300 seats. A strong showing by Abe s coalition would boost his chances of winning a third term as LDP leader from next September, putting him on track to become Japan s longest-serving premier. Abe called the snap election amid confusion in the opposition camp and after an uptick in his ratings, which had been hurt earlier this year by suspected cronyism scandals, in hopes of gaining a fresh mandate after nearly five years in power. But the outlook has been clouded by the emergence of popular Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike s Party of Hope, a fledgling party that the former LDP lawmaker and defense minister calls a reformist, conservative alternative to Abe s LDP. The Nikkei said Koike s party was on track to get around 69 seats, with a forecast range of  46-110. Another new party, the Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan, formed from the liberal wing of the failed opposition Democratic Party, was set to win more than 40 seats, it said. The Democrats, faced with rock-bottom ratings and internal dissension, have said they would run no candidates of their own, freeing many to run on the Party of Hope ticket. PRO-CONSTITUTION REVISION FORCES The Asahi newspaper also forecast a strong showing by the ruling bloc, with the LDP set to win well over the 233 seats needed to have a simple majority on its own. It said Koike s Party of Hope was struggling but was likely to get more than 57 seats. About 40 percent of voters were undecided, the Asahi said. The Nikkei also forecast that parties in favor of revising the post-war, pacifist constitution - Abe s long-held goal - were on track to win more than two-thirds.  That includes the LDP and Koike s Party of Hope as well as another smaller right-leaning party, the Japan Innovation Party. Amending the constitution, a politically controversial move never yet taken, requires a two-thirds majority in both chambers and a majority in a public referendum. Koike s party had raised expectations that it would cut into the LDP s conservative base. But her decision not to run for a lower house seat herself and refusal to say whom her party would support for premier after the election appears to have eroded the party s momentum. Competition among a fragmented opposition, which also includes the Japanese Communist Party, in many districts means the anti-LDP vote could be split, a plus for Abe s party. Abe has led the LDP to four landslide wins since he took the helm of the party in 2012, but turnout has been low and the LDP has typically won with about 25 percent of eligible votes. The others either stayed home or backed opposition parties. The premier has been touting the success of his  Abenomics  recipe of hyper-easy monetary policy, fiscal spending and promised structural reforms, while Koike argues that reforms have been too slow in a fast-changing global economy. The world s third-largest economy is on track for its longest expansion since World War Two, and the jobless rate was at a 23-year low of 2.8 percent in August while wages are starting to rise a bit. But Abe s reflationary policies have not yet sparked a sustainable recovery led by the private sector. ",1
17721,"Illinois man charged with kidnapping, death of Chinese scholar","CHICAGO (Reuters) - An Illinois man accused of abducting a Chinese visiting scholar  at the University of Illinois faces a new charge of kidnapping resulting in death and was arraigned on Wednesday.   Yingying Zhang, a 26-year-old visiting scholar from southeastern China at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, disappeared on June 9. Officials believe Zhang is dead, although no body has been found. Brendt Christensen, a former master s student at the university, faces one count of kidnapping resulting in death and two counts of making a false statement to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, according to an Oct. 3 indictment, which alleged the crime  involved torture or serious physical abuse to the victim.  Christensen pleaded not guilty to all charges, the U.S. district clerk s office in Urbana, Illinois said on Wednesday. A lawyer for Christensen declined comment.  Previously Christensen, 28, was charged with one count of kidnapping and pleaded not guilty in July. Zhang, who had been studying photosynthesis and crop productivity at the university, was last seen when a security camera recorded her getting into a black car that authorities linked to Christensen, according to court documents. Christensen was placed under surveillance by federal agents who heard him talking about how he kidnapped Zhang, court records said.  A jury trial is scheduled for Feb. 27, the clerk s office said. Conviction of kidnapping resulting in death carries a sentence of mandatory life in prison or death.  In August, Zhang s family asked President Donald Trump to provide additional resources to help find her.  A lawyer for Zhang s family did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The new indictment also said Christensen told FBI agents that he stayed at his apartment, slept and played video games all day on June 9. The indictment said that was a lie and that he had picked up Zhang as she waited for a bus.  ",1
17722,Brazil's president treated for small coronary blockage,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazilian President Michel Temer is being treated for a slight blockage of a coronary artery, his office said on Wednesday, denying a press report that he would undergo an angiogram procedure later this month.  There is no catheter procedure or surgery planned or recommended for the president,  a spokesman said. The blockage was detected during a routine medical checkup and Temer s doctor Roberto Kalil Filho put the 77-year-old leader on a low-fat diet and told him to take an aspirin a day, the spokesman said. TV Globo reported on Tuesday that Temer had a partial coronary obstruction and would undergo a heart procedure via catheter. The television network said the president had decided to delay the procedure until after Congress votes on whether he should stand trial on charges of obstructing justice and criminal organization in a corruption case. ",1
17723,One of Liberia's main parties calls for halt to election results,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - One of Liberia s leading political parties called for a halt in announcing the result of Tuesday s presidential election, citing irregularities in the vote.  The Liberty Party, whose candidate Charles Brumskine was considered a front-runner to take over from Nobel Peace Prize winner Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, said it would consider taking legal action if the National Elections Commission (NEC) did not act on its demands. The NEC was originally expected to release preliminary results on Thursday.   The Liberty Party is deeply troubled by the discovery of numerous incidents of irregularities and fraud that occurred during the elections,  Liberty Party national chairman Benjamin Sanvee said in a statement.   We are calling on NEC to immediately halt further announcements of election results. If NEC does not cooperate with our request, we will take the appropriate legal action,  he said. He did not give specific evidence of voter fraud and it was unclear what kind of activity could have altered Tuesday s vote.  An NEC spokesman told Reuters that it was unaware of the Liberty Party s complaint and did not say whether the commission believed illegal acts occurred.  On election day, materials including ballot boxes arrived late in some locations and some people struggled to find their names on voter rolls, witnesses said, but there was so far no evidence that this was linked to illicit activity. Any irregularities would taint the results of an election expected to mark the first democratic transfer of power in over seven decades in a country haunted by a civil war that ended nearly 15 years ago. Liberia, Africa s oldest modern republic, was founded by freed U.S. slaves in 1847 but its last democratic power transfer dates back to 1943. Johnson Sirleaf, Africa s first elected female president, won a surprise victory in 2005 following a post-war transition. She was re-elected in 2011 but is barred from seeking another term. ",1
17724,Russia protests to U.S. 'shameful' theft of consulate flags,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia protested to the United States on Wednesday after it said Russian flags were stolen from its consulate in San Francisco, a charge that Washington immediately disputed. Russian staff left the consulate last month after Washington ordered Moscow to vacate some of its diplomatic properties, part of a series of tit-for-tat actions as relations sour between the two countries.  U.S. officials have since occupied administrative parts of the compound. Russia said last week they had broken into residential areas and it threatened retaliation over what it called an illegal act.  The latest shameful event. In San Francisco (Russian) flags have been stolen from the building of @ConsulRussiaSF,  the Russian embassy to the United States said on its Russian-language Twitter account.   We demand the American authorities return our state symbols,  it said alongside pictures of a bare flagpole on top of the consulate building. The U.S. State Department offered a different account of events.  The flags at the former Russian consular properties in San Francisco were respectfully lowered and are safely stored within each of the buildings,  a State Department official said in an email. The Russian embassy in Washington was not immediately available for comment. Russian news agencies cited the Russian embassy as saying it had lodged a formal protest over the incident.   A strong protest was sent to the American side in relation to Russian flags being torn down at our diplomatic properties in San Francisco, which are under the control of U.S. authorities,  Interfax news agency quoted the embassy as saying in a statement.  We consider this as an extremely unfriendly step,  the embassy said. ",1
17725,Chile's divided center-left pledges unity for presidential runoff,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Center-left lawmakers in Chile pledged on Wednesday to unify and support a single candidate in any eventual runoff against conservative candidate Sebastian Pinera, who is leading in polls for this year s presidential race.  While Pinera has consolidated support among the country s political right, six left-of-center candidates will be competing in the Nov. 19 first round vote, amid fissures within socialist President Michelle Bachelet s coalition and the emergence of new left-wing leaders.  Polls show Pinera, a wealthy businessman who previously governed Chile between 2010 and 2014, has around 40 percent of voter intentions. That would not be enough to win an absolute majority in the first round. A December runoff is expected to be closer, meaning the left s ability to unite around a single candidate could be critical.  After the first round in which each of us will give our best effort for the candidate we most support, we promise that in the second round we will support the candidate that represents the forces of the left and center-left,  some 300 politicians said on Wednesday in a letter.  Senator Alejandro Guillier, an ally of Bachelet who is polling second, has previously said he would seek links with other  progressive  candidates to ultimately defeat Pinera. Bachelet is constitutionally prohibited from seeking a second consecutive term. The Christian Democrat party, a large centrist and socially conservative party that is putting forward its own candidate, has been hesitant to pledge unity to date, following deep divisions with the governing Nueva Mayoria bloc over elements of Bachelet s policies in recent months. But one of the party s lawmakers said on Wednesday that it would support the best-performing Nueva Mayoria candidate.  The night of the 19th we are going to get behind the candidate who moves on to the second round,  Christian Democrat Congresswoman Yasna Provoste told journalists on Wednesday. ",1
17726,Brazil court freezes ex-leader Rousseff's assets over 2006 refinery deal,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil s federal audit court on Wednesday ordered a freeze of former President Dilma Rousseff s assets as well as those of Jos  S rgio Gabrielli, ex-head of state-run oil company Petrobras, over a $580 million loss in the 2006 purchase of a Texas refinery. The order also covered former Finance Minister Antonio Palocci and three members of the board of directors of Petroleo Brasileiro SA, as Petrobras is formally known, who approved the controversial purchase. The court, known as the TCU, said it detected  irregularities  in the purchase of the refinery in Pasadena, Texas, a move that it considered made no business sense. Rousseff said in a statement that there was no evidence any crime was committed by Petrobras board members who approved the deal. Petrobras paid $360 million for half of Pasadena Refining in 2006, more than eight times what its previous owner, Astra Oil, a unit of Belgian-controlled Astra Transcor Energy, paid for the 112,000-barrel-a-day refinery a year earlier.  By 2012, Petrobras had sunk $1.18 billion into it including the cost of buying out Astra s remaining half after a legal dispute between both firms. Rousseff, who was impeached last year for breaking budget rules, was chief of staff for President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva at the time of the refinery purchase and chaired the Petrobras board of directors. She succeeded Lula in 2011. Federal prosecutors investigating overpriced Petrobras contracts in the country s largest ever corruption scandal centered on the oil company said in 2015 that they uncovered evidence that $15 million in bribes were paid as part of the initial purchase of 50 percent of the refinery. They said Petrobras overpaid for the facility and alleged it was in terrible condition. Rousseff said the purchase was decided based on incorrect financial and legal information provided by a director who has since been convicted of corruption. She added that the TCU has in previous rulings exempted board members of responsibility for the losses incurred. The TCU said the freeze would last one year and cover assets that could guarantee the return to public coffers of the losses run up by Petrobras in buying the refinery. It was not clear how the $580 million could be recovered. Rousseff s assets declared before her 2014 re-election included three apartments, two land lots and a house in the southern city of Porto Alegre, plus cash and savings, totaling 1.75 million reais ($551,754). ",1
17727,Mattis says U.S. will work to stay aligned with Turkey despite diplomatic tensions,"TAMPA, Fla (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Wednesday that military relations with Turkey had been unaffected by diplomatic tensions between the two countries and he would continue to work closely with his Turkish counterparts.  It is a NATO ally that we will work hard to stay aligned with against our common enemy and we are doing good work together, military to military,  Mattis told reporters on board a military plane. When asked whether he expected the diplomatic dispute to affect future operations, Mattis said he did not want to speculate but in the past diplomatic tensions have not affected  military relations. ",1
17728,Brutal Myanmar army operation aimed at preventing Rohingya return: U.N,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Myanmar security forces have brutally driven out half a million Muslim Rohingya from northern Rakhine state, torching their homes, crops and villages to prevent them from returning, the U.N. human rights office said on Wednesday. Jyoti Sanghera, head of the Asia and Pacific region of the U.N. human rights office, called on Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi to  stop the violence  and voiced fear that if the stateless Rohingya refugees return from Bangladesh they may be interned.  If villages have been completely destroyed and livelihood possibilities have been destroyed, what we fear is that they may be incarcerated or detained in camps,  she told a news briefing. U.N. political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman is due to visit Myanmar on Friday, said U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric.  In a report based on 65 interviews with Rohingya who have arrived in Bangladesh in the past month, the U.N. human rights office said that  clearance operations  had begun before insurgent attacks on police posts on Aug. 25 and included killings, torture and rape of children. U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein - who has described the government operations as  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing  - said in a statement that the actions appeared to be  a cynical ploy to forcibly transfer large numbers of people without possibility of return .  Credible information indicates that the Myanmar security forces purposely destroyed the property of the Rohingyas, scorched their dwellings and entire villages in northern Rakhine State, not only to drive the population out in droves but also to prevent the fleeing Rohingya victims from returning to their homes,  the report said. It said the destruction by security forces, often joined by mobs of armed Rakhine Buddhists, of houses, fields, food stocks, crops, and livestock made the possibility of Rohingya returning to normal lives in northern Rakhine  almost impossible . The campaign was  well-organized, coordinated and systematic  and began with Rohingya men under 40 being arrested a month earlier, creating a  climate of fear and intimidation .  We are not in a position to make a finding of genocide or not, but this should in no way detract from the seriousness of the situation which the Rohingya population is currently facing,  said Thomas Hunecke, who led the team that went to Cox s Bazar, Bangladesh, from Sept. 14-24. It was  highly likely  that Myanmar security forces planted landmines along the border in recent weeks to prevent Rohingya from returning, he said, citing doctors treating injuries. Despite growing international condemnation of the crisis, the military campaign is popular in Buddhist-majority Myanmar, where there is little sympathy for the Rohingya, and for Muslims in general, and where Buddhist nationalism has surged. Myanmar on Tuesday launched its first bid to improve relations between Buddhists and Muslims since the eruption of deadly violence inflamed the communal tension and triggered an exodus of some 520,000 Muslims to Bangladesh. But the U.N. s Sanghera, noting that 11,000 Rohingya crossed into Bangladesh on Monday alone, said:  Clearly it seems that some level of eviction, displacement, forced movement and violence may be continuing.  The U.N. experts documented Myanmar security forces  firing indiscriminately at Rohingya villagers, injuring and killing other innocent victims, setting houses on fire .  Almost all testimonies indicated that people were shot at close range and in the back while they tried to flee in panic,  the report said.  The U.N. report quoted a 12-year-old girl from Rathedaung township as saying the security forces had surrounded her house and started shooting.  It was a situation of panic   they shot my sister in front of me. She was only seven years old. She cried and told me to run. I tried to protect her and care for her, but we had no medical assistance on the hillside and she was bleeding so much that after one day she died. I buried her myself.  The girl did not know what happened to her mother and four brothers, nor her father jailed a month earlier.  The United Nations said on Wednesday that its current top official in Myanmar, Renata Lok-Dessallien, would finish her nearly four-year assignment at the end of October. Myanmar is stalling on accepting a plan by the U.N. to upgrade the U.N. country head to the more powerful rank of assistant secretary-general (ASG) when Lok-Dessallien leaves. Thaung Tun, Suu Kyi s national security adviser, told Reuters earlier this month that the U.N.  must treat us equally,  adding that:  We ll be fine with anybody if all member states have an ASG assigned. Not just us.  ",1
17729,Trapped Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar get first substantial food aid in months,"YANGON (Reuters) - Rohingya Muslim villagers cut off from food and threatened by Buddhist neighbors in Myanmar s violence-racked Rakhine state received their first substantial food supplies in months on Wednesday after international pressure on the government to help. Diplomats and aid groups called on the government to step in after Reuters exclusively reported the dire situation faced by thousands of Rohingya Muslims trapped in the villages of Ah Nauk Pyin and Nyaung Pin Gyi last month.  A boat arrived yesterday evening with rice bags and six Red Cross staff came to our village this morning,  Maung Maung, an administrator in the riverside Rohingya village of Ah Nauk Pyin, told Reuters by telephone. He said it was the first time in three months that significant supplies of food had been delivered to the village.  The aid arrived just as we re starving,  he said. Fragile relations between the Rohingya villagers and their ethnic Rakhine Buddhist neighbors were shattered on Aug. 25, when deadly attacks by Rohingya militants prompted a ferocious response from Myanmar s security forces. Rights groups say ethnic Rakhine Buddhists have joined in attacks on Rohingya, and the residents of Ah Nauk Pyin told Reuters in mid-September they had been threatened by Buddhists and they had pleaded with authorities for safe passage out. The state government told them to stay put. More than half a million Rohingya villagers have fled to Bangladesh to escape what the United Nations has called a  textbook example of ethnic cleansing  aimed at pushing the Rohingya out of the country for good. Myanmar dismisses that. It says it is fighting a legitimate campaign against Rohingya  terrorists . Hundreds of thousands of Rohingya remain in Rakhine, many in fear of their security and facing growing hunger as food supplies dwindle, partly because of restrictions on the trade and movement of rice. Minister for Relief and Resettlement Win Myat Aye, who is leading the government response to the humanitarian crisis unfolding in Rakhine, confirmed that the aid had arrived in Ah Nauk Pyin. He said the government would support all vulnerable people.  We ll support these people continuously, until they can stand on their own feet,  he said.  Nobody wants to rely on aid all their lives.  After Reuters reported on the plight of Ah Nauk Pyin, and the nearby village of Nyaung Pin Gyi, Myanmar-based diplomats had asked to visit on a government-organized trip to Rakhine state last week.  The itinerary of the trip mentioned the Reuters report. Win Myat Aye has been to Ah Nauk Pyin several times with Rakhine state government officials, and has promised to protect the residents. Myanmar has restricted access to Rakhine for most aid agencies, despite growing international calls for humanitarian groups to be allowed in to help. Aid is being organized by three Red Cross organizations - the Myanmar Red Cross, the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies and the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC). The aid to the 600 families of Ah Nauk Pyin delivered on Wednesday included rice, oil, beans, salt, sugar and tinned fish for a month. Residents of the other Rohingya village, Nyaung Pin Gyi, said they had not been visited and had yet to get any aid but ICRC communications official Khin Htay Oo said Nyaung Pin Gyi would get food aid on Tuesday.  We help all people affected by the conflict, we do not take sides based on race or religion,  she said. ",1
17730,Mattis looking to see if changes need to be made after Niger ambush,"TAMPA, Fla. (Reuters) - Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Wednesday that the military was looking into what changes, if any, should be made after an ambush in Niger killed four U.S. soldiers last week. The incident, which U.S. officials suspect was carried out by a local Islamic State affiliate, has thrown a spotlight on the U.S. counterterrorism mission in the West African country. Mattis, addressing the incident for the first time publicly, said the ambush had taken place in an area where  the enemy has not operated before  and that the patrol had been  hit hard.   He said French aircraft were overhead within 30 minutes and that he did not believe there was a delay in evacuating those wounded and killed, although he did not say how long it took to move them.  We will look at this and say was there something we have to adapt to now, should we have been in a better stance, you know, autopsy, you always find a lot out in them,  Mattis told reporters on board a military plane.  We re not complacent, we re going to do better,  he added.  From initial accounts, the 40-member patrol, which included about a dozen U.S. troops, came under a swift attack by militants riding in a dozen vehicles and on about 20 motorcycles. At least four Nigeriens were also killed and, according to one Niger security source, militants seized four vehicles in the ambush. A diplomat with knowledge of the incident said French officials were frustrated by the U.S. troops  actions, saying they had acted on only limited intelligence and without contingency plans in place. U.S. forces do not have a direct combat mission in Niger, but their assistance to its army includes intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance in their efforts to target violent extremist organizations. ",1
17731,France calls for Catalonia discussions within Spanish constitution,"PARIS (Reuters) - France on Wednesday reiterated a call for the Spanish government to be left to resolve the secession crisis in the northern region of Catalonia within the framework of Spain s constitution.  We call for discussions within the framework of the Spanish constitution,  French government spokesman Christophe Castaner told reporters.  It is not France s place to take a stand on Spain s internal affairs,  he added. French President Emmanuel Macron said on Wednesday that the European Union should not mediate in Spain s worst political crisis since an attempted coup in 1981. ",1
17732,"Catalans have no choice but to delay, says former adviser","BELGRADE (Reuters) - Catalonia s president has no choice but to suspend secession since it is unlikely anyone will recognize the Spanish region on the basis of a disputed referendum, a former British diplomat who has advised the Catalans and other secessionist movements said. Carne Ross, who as founder of the diplomatic consultancy Independent Diplomat has worked with Kosovo, South Sudan, Western Sahara and Catalonia on their respective bids for sovereignty, said there would be no solution to the crisis without a legal plebiscite agreed to by Madrid.  To get there would require pressure from Spain s European Union partners, Ross told Reuters in a telephone interview.  A full declaration of independence would have been very problematic, would have led to obvious confrontation with Madrid and he (Catalan President Carles Puigdemont) was under enormous pressure not to declare independence, including I assume from the countries that Catalonia would look to for recognition,  said Ross.   At the end of the day, if you re to be independent, you need to be recognized as such.   I think they are only likely to get international recognition if there is a legal referendum that Madrid accepts.  Puigdemont declared on Tuesday that Catalonia had the mandate for independence but proposed suspending sovereignty to allow for talks with Madrid on an agreed solution. On Wednesday, Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy called for clarity as to whether or not Catalonia had declared independence and raised the specter of Madrid suspending the region s autonomy. Catalonia s Oct. 1 referendum was declared illegal by a Spanish high court and mustered only 43 percent turnout as many independence opponents stayed at home. Hundreds of people were injured by baton-wielding police as they intervened to close polling stations. Ross said many Catalans had been  radicalized  by Madrid s resistance and police behavior.  Fuel has been added to the fire,  he said.  In my view, legitimate independence can only be legitimately declared when it has a clear majority of the population. I don t think it is right to declare independence when you don t have that clear majority. And as things currently stand, Catalonia does not have that clear majority.  Ross formerly headed the Middle East section of the British mission to the United Nations but resigned from the civil service in 2004 over the invasion of Iraq. His work with Independent Diplomat was the subject of the documentary Accidental Anarchist that was broadcast in July on the BBC. Ross, who advised the Catalan government between July 2013 and September 2015 and is a committed advocate of self-determination, said it was  unrealistic  to expect a mediated solution resulting in, for instance, greater autonomy for Catalonia.  He cited the examples of Montenegro and Scotland, in which referendums were held on the basis of negotiated terms in 2006 and 2014 respectively. Montenegro narrowly voted to leave a state union with Serbia, while a majority of Scots opted to remain with Britain.  I think that the international community should be calling for Madrid to do what Britain did with Scotland, which is to allow a legal referendum to resolve this once and for all.  French President Emmanuel Macron has rejected a call by Puigdemont for EU mediation, but Ross said the bloc should state clearly to Madrid  that it needs to find a more consensual solution . Asked if the Catalans had erred in holding a referendum that Madrid did not agree to, Ross replied:  They had no other option to build up the pressure for that dialogue.  ",1
17733,Spain gives Catalan leader five days to clarify independence,"MADRID (Reuters) - The Spanish government has given Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont five days to say whether he declared independence or not, Spanish news agency Efe said on Wednesday. If Puigdemont was to confirm he did declare independence, he would be given an additional three days to rectify. Failing this, Article 155 of the constitution, which allows the central government to suspend a region s political autonomy and rule it directly, would be triggered. [L8N1MM2OL] ",1
17734,At least 13 killed during prison fight in northern Mexico,"MONTERREY, Mexico (Reuters) - At least 13 people were killed when a fight broke out in a prison in the northern Mexican state of Nuevo Leon and security troops were sent in to quell the violence, a state security official said on Tuesday. The battle inside the Cadereyta prison outside the city of Monterrey began overnight, officials said. Anxious family members gathered outside the prison during the day waiting for news of their loved ones. A protest by inmates overnight had spiraled out of control, one prisoner was killed and a number of guards were taken hostage, Nuevo Leon state security spokesman Aldo Fasci told reporters. Police were sent in to calm the disturbance but the fight soon escalated to involve around 250 inmates, he said.    Around five in the afternoon, the decision was made by security forces to use lethal force to prevent the murder of guards as well as stop the murder of inmates,  Fasci said.   If we had not taken this decision, we would be talking about many more deaths,  he said.  It was not immediately clear how many people were killed in the fight and how many were killed by security forces, he said. Eight more people seriously wounded, he said.  Rival gangs that are involved in drug trafficking, human smuggling, fuel theft, kidnapping and extortion have fueled bloody battles in Mexico s overcrowded prisons. At least nine were killed in a prison fight in the state of Tamaulipas on the U.S. border with Texas and at least 28 inmates were killed in July in a battle in a prison in the Pacific resort of Acapulco. ",1
17735,U.S. flies bombers over Korea as Trump discusses options,"SEOUL/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. military flew two strategic bombers over the Korean peninsula in a show of force late on Tuesday, as President Donald Trump met top defense officials to discuss how to respond to any threat from North Korea. Tensions have soared between the United States and North Korea following a series of weapons tests by Pyongyang and a string of increasingly bellicose exchanges between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.  North Korea has launched two missiles over Japan and conducted its sixth nuclear test in recent weeks as it fast advances toward its goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. The two U.S. Air Force B-1B bombers were joined by two F-15K fighters from the South Korean military after leaving their base in Guam, South Korea s Joint Chiefs of Staff said in a statement on Wednesday.  After entering South Korean airspace, the two bombers carried out air-to-ground missile drills in waters off the east coast of South Korea, then flew over the South to waters between it and China to repeat the drill, the release said. The U.S. military said in a separate statement it conducted drills with Japanese fighters after the exercise with South Korea, making it the first time U.S. bombers have conducted training with fighters from both Japan and South Korea at night. The U.S. bombers had taken off from the Andersen Air Force Base in Guam. In August, Pyongyang threatened to fire intermediate-range missiles toward the vicinity of Guam, a U.S. Pacific territory that is frequently subjected to sabre-rattling from the North. South Korean and U.S. government officials have been raising their guard against more North Korean provocations with the approach of the 72nd anniversary of the founding of North Korea s ruling party, which fell on Tuesday. Trump hosted a discussion on Tuesday on options to respond to any North Korean aggression or, if necessary, to prevent Pyongyang from threatening the United States and its allies with nuclear weapons, the White House said in a statement.  Trump was briefed by Secretary of Defense James Mattis and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford at a national security team meeting, the statement said. U.S. and South Korean wartime operational plans, including a plan to wipe out the North Korean leadership, were stolen by North Korean hackers last year, a South Korean ruling party lawmaker said on Wednesday. Some 235 gigabytes of military documents were taken from South Korea s Defense Integrated Data Center in September last year, Democratic Party representative Rhee Cheol-hee said in radio appearances on Wednesday, citing information from unidentified South Korean defense officials. In May, an investigative team inside the defense ministry announced the hack had been carried out by North Korea, but did not disclose what kind of information had been taken. The United Nations Security Council, which has imposed a series of ever tighter sanctions on North Korea, has banned four ships from ports globally for carrying coal from North Korea, including one vessel that also had ammunition. The vessels are the first to be designated under stepped-up sanctions imposed on North Korea by the 15-member council in August and September over two long-range ballistic missile launches and Pyongyang s sixth and largest nuclear test. China, North Korea s main ally and trading partner, has consistently argued sanctions alone will not work, urging Washington and Pyongyang to lower their rhetoric and return to the negotiating table. China s influential Global Times tabloid expressed alarm at how far the rhetoric on both sides had gone and how it had increased the risk of a  fatal misjudgment .    The international community won t accept North Korea as a nuclear power. North Korea needs time and proof to believe that abandoning its nuclear program will contribute to its own political and economic advantage. This positive process is worth a try,  the paper said in an editorial late on Tuesday.  War would be a nightmare for the Korean Peninsula and surrounding regions. We strongly urge North Korea and the U.S. to stop their bellicose posturing and seriously think about a peaceful solution,  it said. ",1
17736,North Korea says Trump has 'lit the wick of war:' Russia's TASS agency,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has  lit the wick of war  with North Korea and his country will be made to pay with  a hail of fire , a Russian news agency quoted North Korea s foreign minister as saying on Wednesday. Tensions between North Korea and the United States have risen in recent weeks over Pyongyang s nuclear weapons and missile programs. North Korea has test-fired several missiles and conducted what it said was a test explosion of a hydrogen bomb as it advances toward its goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. Speaking to Russia s state-run TASS news agency, North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho said his country s nuclear program guaranteed peace and safety in the region and would not be a matter of discussion.  With his bellicose and insane statement at the United Nations, Trump, you can say, has lit the wick of a war against us,  TASS quoted Ri as saying.  We need to settle the final score, only with a hail of fire, not words.  Ri has previously called Trump  President Evil  and his comments are likely to fuel an escalating war of words between the U.S. President and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.  We have almost reached the last point on the journey toward our final goal - to achieve a real balance of power with the United States,  he said.  Our principal position is that we will never agree to any talks in which our nuclear weapons will be the subject of negotiations.  ",1
17737,Trump denies seeking nearly tenfold increase in U.S. nuclear arsenal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday denied a report from NBC News that he told his national security advisers in July he wanted to increase the country s nuclear arsenal by nearly tenfold, saying he argued for its modernization. NBC News said the president called for the increase after he was shown a chart indicating the stockpile of U.S. nuclear weapons had slid from a high of 32,000 in the 1960s. Trump said he wanted to have that same number now, NBC reported. Speaking to reporters at the White House during a meeting with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Trump said the report was not true.  I never discussed increasing it. I want it in perfect shape. That was just fake news by NBC,  he said.  We don t need an increase. But I want modernization and I want total rehabilitation. It s got to be in tip-top shape.  The president s denial was buttressed by a statement from his defense chief.  Recent reports that the president called for an increase in the U.S. nuclear arsenal are absolutely false.  This kind of erroneous reporting is irresponsible,  Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said. Although U.S. presidents have modernized weapon stockpiles over the years, any meaningful addition to the nuclear arsenal would violate treaty agreements. The Federation of American Scientists says the United States currently has about 4,000 nuclear warheads earmarked for use in its military stockpile. After the meeting in July, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson referred to Trump as a  moron,  according to NBC. U.S. news reports have painted the relationship between Trump and Tillerson as tense. The NBC report comes during a time of high tension between the United States and North Korea over Pyongyang s nuclear weapons and missile programs, and just ahead of an expected announcement from Trump on whether to decertify the international deal on Iran s nuclear program. Trump told Reuters in February that he wanted to ensure that the U.S. nuclear arsenal was at the  top of the pack.  MSNBC reported in 2016 that as a candidate, Trump asked a foreign policy adviser three times in a one-hour meeting why the United States could not deploy its nuclear weapons. ",1
17738,Genocide trial against ex-Guatemalan dictator Rios Montt to restart,"GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - Former Guatemalan dictator Efrain Rios Montt will face a second trial on Friday for genocide, a lawyer for victims said, reviving a case against the strongman accused of ordering massacres of Maya Indians during a long civil war. Rios Montt, who ruled Guatemala in 1982 and 1983 after a military coup, was convicted of genocide four years ago along with another military officer but the ruling was overturned. A Supreme Court tribunal will hear the case, Edgar P rez, a lawyer for the relatives of victims who have led a years long campaign against Rios Montt, said on Wednesday. The 91-year-old retired general was diagnosed with senile dementia in 2015. He will be represented in court by two lawyers and will not make a personal appearance. The lawyers were not immediately available for comment.  The new trial will revisit the earlier accusations that Rios Montt ordered massacres leading to deaths of at least 1,771 Ixil Mayan Indians during his 17-month rule. Rios Montt maintains his innocence, saying junior officers acted without his knowledge. Guatemala s 1960-1996 civil war led to the deaths of more than 200,000 people and was the bloodiest among the Cold War conflicts that tore through Latin America when U.S.-backed military government battled leftist governments and rebels. ",1
17739,Italy's government wins confidence votes on contested electoral law,"ROME (Reuters) - The Italian government on Wednesday won two confidence votes on a fiercely contested electoral law that is likely to penalize the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement in next year s national election. The proposed voting system is backed by three of the country s four largest parties, with the centre-left government looking to rush it onto the statute books ahead of elections, which are due by May 2018.     Five-Star supporters protested in front of parliament as the Chamber of Deputies approved two confidence motions by a wide margin. A third such vote is scheduled for Thursday ahead of a final ballot in the lower house on the disputed bill.  Unlike the current rules, the new system would allow the formation of multi-party coalitions before the ballot, a factor likely to hurt 5-Star, which is topping most opinion polls and refuses to join alliances.  They want to take away our right to choose,  said Nicola Zuppa, 45, who said he had paid 175 euros ($200) to travel from Padua in northern Italy to take part in the protest, which drew up to 2,000 people in the heart of Rome. The use of multiple confidence motions allowed the ruling coalition to truncate discussion on the bill and sidestep dozens of planned secret votes on various amendments. The reform still needs the approval of the upper house Senate.  If you allow the electoral rules to be changed again so that the scum of the country rises to the top yet again, it will be your children who pay the price,  5-Star s founder Beppe Grillo wrote on his blog on Wednesday. President Sergio Mattarella, the only figure with the power to dissolve parliament, has called for new voting rules because the current system is very different for the upper and lower houses, meaning it could throw up conflicting majorities. All previous attempts to harmonize the rules have failed, most recently in June when dissident deputies used a secret vote to upend part of the proposed legislation. Former Prime Minister Matteo Renzi s Democratic Party (PD) drafted the latest version, which is supported by right-wing parliamentary rivals Forza Italia (Go Italy!) and the Northern League. Five small parties are also backing the proposed law. Five-Star estimates that the new rules could cost it up to 50 seats in the Chamber of Deputies and potentially scupper its chances of being the largest group in parliament after the vote. Mattarella is expected to give the formation that gets the most seats the first crack at forming a government. The PD has denied trying to stymie the 5-Star s chances.  No one is preventing (5-Star) from making alliances if they want to,  said Ettore Rosato, the parliamentary party leader of the PD who has put his name to the reform.  If they don t want to do them, they can continue to be an isolated party.   Analysts say the new electoral system looks unlikely to throw up a clear parliamentary majority, with opinion polls showing the centre-left, centre-right and 5-Star splitting the vote three ways. Such a result could lead to the creation of a grand coalition that would need to span the political divide. ($1 = 0.8452 euros) ",1
17740,Macron calls for French food chain changes to help farmers,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron called for changes to France s food chain on Wednesday to ensure that farmers, who have been hit by squeezed margins and a retail price war, are paid fairly. Macron said he supported a new type of contract, based on farmers  production costs, which would require stronger producer organizations and a change in legislation. The changes are part of a wide field-to-fork review promised by Macron during his presidential campaign as he sought to appease farmers, an important constituency in French politics, who have also complained of excessive red tape. Last year a third of farmers earned less than 350 euros ($403) a month, the Agricultural Mutual Assistance Association (MSA) said, a third of the net minimum wage. Macron endorsed a proposal from the workshops to create a reversed contract starting from farmers, to food processors and to retailers. This would ensure a better spread of added value along the chain.  We should allow farmers not to rely on subsidies anymore and therefore ensure than they be paid a fair amount for their work,  Macron told farmers and food industry players at the Rungis food market near Paris. Prices are currently defined by buyers tempted to pressure prices, leaving many farmers unable to cover their costs. Answering a proposal by a majority of French retailers to raise the minimum prices they can charge on products, a move which they say could benefit those lower down the supply chain, Macron said he would limit it to food products and only favor if each sector proposes organization plans by year-end. Macron s office said on Tuesday he had delayed until the end of the year his decision on retailers  proposal as he sought guarantees it will meet his promise to boost farm income and food quality while minimizing retail inflation.  Raising the threshold of resale at a loss without asking for any effort, no accompaniment, no transformation, is a form of blank cheque,  he added.  Company and industry representatives, unions, non-governmental organizations and officials, gathered at the so-called Food Convention since the summer to discuss topics ranging from food quality to farm income and export strategy. A second phase will start next week with debates focusing on healthy, safe and sustainable food and will last until year-end. ($1 = 0.8449 euros) ",1
17741,Turkish court remands German journalist in custody over terrorism charges,"ANKARA (Reuters) - A German journalist went on trial for terrorism charges in Turkey on Wednesday, saying she was innocent and demanding her immediate release, in a case that has damaged already sour relations with Berlin. Mesale Tolu was detained in April, accused of being a member of a terrorist organization and publishing terrorist propaganda. Her husband was also detained and their three-year-old son has been living with his mother in jail for the last five months. Tolu is one of 18 people on trial accused of membership of the MLKP, a communist party with links to armed Kurdish groups. They face up to 20 years in jail.  I have not committed any of the above mentioned crimes and have no connection with illegal organizations. I demand my release and my acquittal,  Tolu told the court in Silivri, near Istanbul, Turkish media reported.  The court ordered that Tolu and five other defendants remain in jail pending trial, while releasing eight others. The next hearing will be on Dec. 18. German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel demanded her release.  We demand a fair trial, based on the rule of law. Above all, what matters now is speed so that Mesale Tolu can be released as soon as possible,  he told Bild newspaper in an interview published on Wednesday. Tolu is one of 11 German nationals detained in Turkey - among them fellow journalist Deniz Yucel and human rights campaigner Peter Steudtner.  The cases have added to strains in bilateral relations after Ankara denied German lawmakers permission to visit German soldiers serving at the Incirlik air base. In a crackdown on alleged perpetrators of an attempted coup last year, some 50,000 people been jailed pending trial.  Chancellor Angela Merkel said last month that Turkey s 12-year journey to join the European Union should be halted.     Tolu said it was unacceptable that she and her son had spent five months in jail.  Pre-trial detention has become punishment not only for me but also for my family and for my son,  she told the court. ",1
17742,Kurdistan region says Iraqi forces preparing major attack in oil-rich Kirkuk,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi government forces and Iranian-trained Iraqi paramilitaries are  preparing a major attack  on Kurdish forces in the oil-rich  region of Kirkuk and near Mosul in northern Iraq, the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) said on Wednesday. But an Iraqi military spokesman denied any attack on Kurdish forces was planned and said that government troops were instead preparing to oust Islamic State militants from a border area with Syria in the west of Iraq. Tensions between the KRG and the Iraqi government have been running especially high since the Iraqi Kurds overwhelmingly voted for independence in a referendum last month. The Kurdish-held multi-ethnic region of Kirkuk has emerged as a flashpoint in the crisis as it is claimed by both sides. Iraqi forces and Shi ite paramilitaries, known as Popular Mobilisation, are deployed south and west of Kirkuk, in areas previously under the control of Islamic State.  We re receiving dangerous messages that Iraqi forces, including Popular Mobilisation and Federal Police, are preparing a major attack .. on Kurdistan,  said the KRG s Security Council in a tweet confirmed by a Kurdish official. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said on Oct 5 that his government wanted to avoid clashes with the Kurds, but Popular Mobilisation leaders have repeatedly threatened to oust Kurdish forces from Kirkuk. An Iraqi military spokesman denied the KRG claim.      We are getting ready for the battle in al-Qaim, we re not concerned by confrontations other than with Daesh,  he said, using an Arabic acronym for Islamic State. The area around the border post of al-Qaim, in western Iraq, is the last Iraqi region still under the control of the militants who overran a third of the country in 2014.  Offensives are being prepared south and west of Kirkuk and north of Mosul, said the KRG s security council. Iraqi forces captured Mosul from Islamic State in July, after a grueling nine-month U.S.-backed offensive with the participation of Kurdish Peshmerga. Kurdish forces are deployed north of the city, in an area also claimed by Baghdad.  Abadi s government, seeking to keep the country together, has taken measures to isolate the KRG, including a ban on direct international flights to the region. Neighboring Iran and Turkey back Baghdad s stance, fearing the spread of separatism to their own Kurdish populations. Iraq s Supreme Judicial Council issued arrest warrants on Wednesday for the chairman of the Kurdish referendum commission and two aides for  violating a valid (Iraqi) court ruling  banning the independence vote as against the Constitution. ",1
17743,Mattis slams 'false' reports on Trump request for nuclear arms hike,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on Wednesday slammed what he said were  absolutely false  media reports asserting that President Donald Trump had called for an increase in the U.S. nuclear arsenal.  This kind of erroneous reporting is irresponsible,  Mattis said in a written statement. NBC had reported that Trump sought a tenfold increase in the U.S. nuclear arsenal, something Trump had already denied. ",1
17744,Hezbollah dismisses U.S. rewards for arrest of its operatives,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s Hezbollah group dismissed multi-million-dollar rewards offered by the United States for the arrest of two of its senior members, saying on Wednesday they would have no impact. Washington has offered up to $7 million for information leading to the detention of Talal Hamiyah, head of Hezbollah s foreign operations, and up to $5 million for Fuad Shukr, a top Hezbollah military operative. The move on Tuesday came as the Trump administration prepared to unveil a strategy to step up pressure on Hezbollah s main backer Iran. Nicholas Rasmussen, the head of the U.S. National CounterTerrorism Center, blamed the group for a series of attacks around the world.  These accusations from the American administration against Hezbollah and its mujahideen are rejected and void ... They will not affect the work of the resistance at all,  a senior Hezbollah official told Reuters.  The official, who declined to be named, said the U.S. threat came as a reaction to Hezbollah s recent gains in the region.  Shi ite Hezbollah has played a major role in backing President Bashar al-Assad in the six-year Syrian war. It has sent thousands of its fighters into Syria, helping the Damascus government recover territory from rebels and militants. Hamiyah has been on the U.S. State Department s foreign terrorist list since 2015 and Shukr was added in 2013. Washington named Hezbollah as a foreign terrorist organization in 1997. ",1
17745,Suicide bombers attack Damascus police center: Syrian state media,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Three men blew themselves up near the police headquarters in central Damascus on Wednesday, killing two people and injuring six others, state media said, citing the interior ministry. Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack, the second this month.  Two suicide bombers tried to storm the police center and clashed with guards before detonating explosive devices outside on Khalid bin al-Walid street, the Damascus police chief said.  Police forces then chased down the third attacker, who blew himself up nearby at the entrance to a clothes market.  Our investigations are ongoing to find out where they came from and how,  police chief Mohammad Kheir Ismail told state TV from outside the headquarters.  The issue has been controlled.  An Islamic State statement said three suicide bombers had attacked the police center with machine guns and explosive belts. Islamic State also claimed responsibility earlier this month for a similar suicide bomb attack on a police station in another part of Damascus, in which 17 people were reported dead. Damascus has enjoyed relative security as Syria s six-year civil war has raged on nearby and across the country. But several such attacks have hit the capital in recent years, including a car bomb that killed 20 people in July. Islamic State and Tahrir al-Sham - led by militants formerly linked to al Qaeda - have each claimed separate suicide blasts that killed scores of people in Damascus previously.  The desperate suicide attempts come as a response to the victories of the Syrian Arab Army, and the Interior Ministry is fully ready to thwart any terrorist act,  state television quoted Interior Minister Mohammad al-Shaar as saying.  With the help of Russian jets and Iran-backed militias, the Damascus government has pushed back rebels in western Syria, shoring up its rule over the main urban centers. In recent months, it has also marched eastwards against Islamic State. Syrian troops and allied forces have recaptured several suburbs of Damascus from rebel factions over the past year. The army and its allies have been fighting insurgents in the Jobar and Ain Tarma districts on the capital s eastern outskirts.    ",1
17746,Protesters sentenced to jail in French 'Kung Fu cop' trial,"PARIS (Reuters) - Youths who torched a police car and attacked the car driver with an iron bar as he fled the flames were sentenced to up to seven years in jail by a French court on Wednesday. Dozens of riot police were deployed outside the Paris courthouse where the judge announced his verdict, after a trial prompted by the most striking episode of ultra-violent street protests last year against labor law reforms. The case grabbed international attention in the run-up to this year s presidential election as politicians traded accusations of being soft on law and order - a flashpoint in a contest that far-right National Front chief Marine Le Pen ultimately lost to centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron. It also made headlines due to extensive TV coverage of an incident where a group of protesters mobbed a police car, smashed its windows and threw a flare inside, forcing the car s two occupants to bail out as flames engulfed the vehicle. The driver - dubbed  Kung Fu cop  by French media - became a subject of fascination after taking on one of the protesters who attacked him with an iron bar. He fended off the blows with arm strokes worthy of a martial arts master. His assailant was one of five people tried. He was sentenced to three years in prison. Another protester got seven years but is on the run and believed to be in Switzerland. The incident, in May 2016, was part of a wave of protests where gangs of mostly hooded youths engaged in running battles with riot police in the capital city and cities across France. The protests were sparked by labor law changes which several labor unions and leftist politicians said would damage worker rights and make it easier for employers to fire people. Macron, a former investment banker regarded as a business-friendly centrist, has since taken over but is also introducing further labor law reforms that have put hardline unions back on the warpath, although protests have not so far been on a similar scale to 2016 s demonstrations. ",1
17747,Islamic State claims attack on Damascus police center,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Islamic State claimed responsibility on Wednesday for an attack on the police headquarters in central Damascus, the second such attack this month. A statement on an Islamic State channel on the Telegram messaging service said three fighters carrying explosive belts and machine guns had attacked the police center. ",1
17748,Kenya election board: all eight candidates will be on ballot in repeat poll,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s election board said on Wednesday that all eight presidential candidates who competed in elections in August - later nullified by the Supreme Court - would be on the ballot when repeat elections were held on Oct. 26.  The board also noted that opposition leader Raila Odinga, the main challenger to incumbent President Uhuru Kenyatta, had not yet submitted the official form to withdraw from the elections. Odinga had only sent them a letter after he announced he was withdrawing on Tuesday amid concerns over fairness. ",1
17749,Moscow may demand U.S. cut diplomatic staff in Russia to 300 or below: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia does not rule out ordering the United States to cut its diplomatic staff in Russia to 300 people or fewer, RIA news agency quoted senior Foreign Ministry official Georgy Borisenko as saying on Wednesday. In July, Moscow told the United States to slash the number of its diplomatic and technical staff working in Russia by around 60 percent, to 455, in a further sign of souring relations.   The figure of 455 was meant to mirror the total number of Russian diplomats working in the United States, but also included Russian nationals working at the United Nations in New York, Borisenko, head of the Foreign Ministry s North America Department, told RIA.  The fact that in the summer we took into account the people working for Russia s mission at the U.N., this was good will,  Borisenko said.   If they haven t appreciated this, we have the full right to reduce ... the number of U.S. diplomats,  he said, adding that Moscow could stop taking Russian U.N. staff into account when calculating what parity between the two countries meant.  In this case, the number of American personnel in Russia should decline to a level of 300 or below.  A spokeswoman for the U.S. Embassy in Moscow said Washington hoped that complying with the Russian requirements would mean both countries could stop trading retaliatory measures, RIA later reported.  The deterioration of relations does not serve the interests of either side. We hope that the downward trend in relations has come to an end,  RIA quoted embassy spokeswoman Maria Olson as saying.  ",1
17750,Many Nigerians displaced by Boko Haram fighting not ready to return home,"ABUJA (Reuters) - The vast majority of almost 2 million Nigerians driven from their homes by the conflict with Boko Haram cannot return because of a lack of security, an aid agency said on Wednesday. About 1.8 million people have been displaced in Nigeria by the conflict with the Islamist insurgency, which has left at least 20,000 dead and shows little sign of ending as it drags into its ninth year.     The Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) said in a report that 86 percent of internally displaced people were not ready to return home in the immediate future. Insecurity is cited by 84 percent of them as the main reason for wanting to stay put, it said. Only about six in 10 people said they wanted to return to their villages at some point, but could not do so now, the NRC report said. Many of the displaced say they have tried to return home, only to be forced to flee back to safer camps and cities because of continued attacks by Boko Haram and general insecurity.  While the end game is for communities to return home, the unfortunate truth is that pushing people back now will have harmful consequences,  Jan Egeland, NRC secretary general, said in a statement. Although Boko Haram in recent months has increased its attacks on displaced people, they still feel safer in camps and urban centers than in their communities, said Egeland. The Nigerian government and military have repeatedly said the insurgency has been  defeated .  Despite that, Boko Haram has killed 381 civilians in Nigeria and Cameroon since the beginning of April, more than double the amount dead in the preceding five months, Amnesty International said last month. The NRC survey did not take into account the roughly 200,000 refugees who have fled to neighboring countries such as Cameroon, Chad and Niger. The humanitarian crisis in northern Nigeria is now one of the biggest in the world, with $1 billion needed to fund relief efforts in 2017, the United Nations says.  ",1
17751,"Germany registers fewer asylum seekers, on track for annual cap","BERLIN (Reuters) - The number of asylum seekers registered in Germany fell in September and the annual total of new arrivals is unlikely to soar above the cap agreed by Chancellor Angela Merkel and her Bavarian allies last weekend, data showed on Wednesday. Reaching a broader agreement on a migrant limit with other junior partners, mainly the left-leaning Greens and the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP), is a key theme in efforts to forge a new German coalition. Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) reached a deal on migrant policy with their Bavarian CSU allies on Sunday to put a net total of around 200,000 individuals who Germany would accept per year on humanitarian grounds. Since the beginning of the year, a total of 139,635 people applied for asylum in Germany and the number of applicants in September fell by 10 percent on the month, data from the Federal Interior Ministry showed. Germany saw an influx of 890,000 asylum seekers in 2015 and 280,000 in 2016. Most asylum applicants that Germany has received this year so far come from Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan, the data showed. However, there was a surge of Turkish asylum seekers last month, making them the third-biggest group of applicants after Syrians and Iraqis that month. Interior ministry spokesman Johannes Dimroth said the number of new asylum seekers had flattened out a bit but he could not make any forecasts for the coming months. Friedrich Heckmann, an expert of immigration studies at the University of Bamberg, said the number of asylum seekers arriving in Germany would probably be around the number Merkel and her conservative Bavarian allies agreed on last Sunday.  This is some kind of back to normality because we had about 10,000 to 15,000 asylum applications (per month on average) in the last 10 years before the crisis,  Heckmann said. In a sign that authorities are reducing the backlog of still open asylum cases, the figure of undecided cases at the Federal Office for Migration and Refugees (Bamf) fell 82 percent in September compared to the same month last year to now 99,334. Sixty thousand refugee family-reunion requests were approved in the first half of the year and the cases of 70,000 Syrian and Iraqi family members are waiting to be processed in German embassies, the Federal Foreign Office said on Wednesday. ",1
17752,UK government softens immigration rules for Grenfell fire survivors,"LONDON (Reuters) - Illegal immigrants who survived a fire that killed about 80 people in a social housing block in London will be given a clear path to obtaining permanent residency in Britain, the government said on Wednesday. But critics including the local member of parliament said people whose lives were devastated by the disaster should be given indefinite leave to remain now and the government s announcement would merely add to their confusion and despair. The 24-storey Grenfell Tower, which was home to many immigrants and people from ethnic minorities, was gutted on June 14 in an inferno that started in the middle of the night and engulfed the whole building with devastating speed. The tower is located in a deprived estate within one of London s richest boroughs, and the disaster prompted a wave of soul-searching about inequality and neglect of poor communities. Some of the approximately 250 people who made it out of the building alive did not have the legal right to live in Britain and have been reluctant to make themselves known to the authorities. The government had previously said that if they came forward, those people would be given leave to remain legally in Britain for 12 months   a stance criticized as ungenerous to people whose lives had been devastated by the tragedy.  The government believes it is right to provide this specific group of survivors greater certainty over their long-term future in the UK, subject to ... the necessary security and criminality checks being met,  Immigration Minister Brandon Lewis said in a statement. Under the new policy, after the initial period of 12 months, Grenfell survivors would be able to apply for further periods of limited leave to remain, building up to five years. They could then apply for permanent residency. Emma Dent Coad, a member of parliament from the opposition Labour Party who represents the area where Grenfell stands, dismissed the Conservative government s announcement as an inadequate fudge.  This is very far from the amnesty requested by volunteer groups and legal representatives,  she said.  Once again survivors of the worst ever peacetime atrocity are being short-changed by this confusing and half-hearted response.  Asked why permanent residency rights were not being offered now, a spokesman for the Home Office, or interior ministry, said the government had to act within immigration laws as they stood. Martin Moore-Bick, chairman of a public inquiry into the fire, was among those who had asked the government to reconsider the previous policy, saying some survivors did not want to take part in his investigation because of fears over their long-term immigration status. Sue Caro, a campaigner for Grenfell survivors, said Wednesday s announcement was unlikely to make any difference because people were deeply suspicious of the authorities after years of anti-immigration government rhetoric.  It won t have the desired effect,  she said.  This is an attempt to pacify all sides and it achieves nothing.  The Grenfell Tower fire prompted an outpouring of emotion from many Britons, who donated money and clothes to try and help survivors. But some people have also expressed negative views, saying that undocumented migrants should not be allowed to stay. ",1
17753,Arab rivalries exposed as Egypt targets Qatar in UNESCO vote,"PARIS (Reuters) - Arab states may want their turn at the helm of UNESCO, but the barbs hurled by Egypt at rival candidate Qatar during the vote highlights the fractious geopolitics paralyzing the workings of the U.N. cultural agency. The Paris-based body is known for designating World Heritage sites like the ancient city of Palmyra in Syria and Grand Canyon National Park, but it has struggled for relevance as it becomes increasingly hobbled by regional rivalries and a lack of money.    After two days of a secret ballot that could run until Friday, Qatar s Hamad bin Abdulaziz al-Kawari leads France s Audrey Azoulay and Egyptian hopeful Moushira Khattab. Three other candidates, including from Lebanon, trail. The row between Qatar and Egypt has its roots in the crisis engulfing Qatar and its Gulf Arab neighbors which have severed diplomatic, trade and travel ties with Doha after accusing it of sponsoring hardline Islamist groups, a charge Qatar denies.  The dispute has been bubbling for several months, but what we re seeing with the Arab candidates is that they are extremely divided. Some of the clashes are quite virulent,  said one UNESCO ambassador. Egypt, the Arab world s most populous state which has joined the boycott of Qatar, has not shied from making its feelings about Qatar s UNESCO bid clear. In an interview with Egypt Today and retweeted by the foreign ministry, Egypt s top diplomat Sameh Shoukry suggested Qatar was using its financial power to influence UNESCO s 58-member executive council.   It is an organization that is owned by international society and cannot be sold to a particular state or individual,  he was quoted as saying when asked about the Qatari candidate s campaign logo  I m not coming empty handed.  A diplomat at Qatar s embassy in Paris declined to comment. A Qatari official at UNESCO s headquarters also declined immediate comment.     Egyptian candidate Khattab s first message on Twitter in three months was a re-tweet of an article in the Israeli press entitled  Israel bemoans emerging Qatari victory in UNESCO leadership vote.  Kawari, the Qatari candidate, has so far not reacted to the Egyptian allegations, simply tweeting on Wednesday:  Al-Kawari tipped to head UNESCO .   Voting lasts over a maximum five rounds. If the two finalists end level, they draw lots.  You get the impression that some are playing politics and competing for the sake of having a post rather than actually wanting to secure the future of the organization,  said a European diplomat.   ",1
17754,Portuguese ex-PM Socrates indicted on corruption charges,"LISBON (Reuters) - Former Portuguese prime minister Jose Socrates was indicted on graft and money laundering charges on Wednesday in a vast corruption investigation that he has dismissed as politically-motivated. Socrates has repeatedly denied wrongdoing and his lawyer Joao Araujo said he would fight the charges contained in the more than 4,000-page indictment.  The 4,000 pages are part of a spectacle, they only serve to make believe that there is something, when there is nothing,  Araujo told reporters. The indictment, issued after a four-year inquiry, accuses Socrates of playing a pivotal role and receiving millions of euros in a scheme involving the disgraced former heads of the Espirito Santo banking empire and Portugal Telecom. Both entities have since ceased to exist, inflicting billions of euros in losses on taxpayers and shareholders, and their former top brass have been accused of other crimes in separate investigations.  Socrates, a Socialist prime minister from 2005 to 2011, is charged with three counts of passive corruption while holding political office, 16 counts of money-laundering, nine counts of forging documents and three counts of tax fraud, committed between 2006 and 2015. A trial date has not yet been set. Prosecutors said Socrates gave illicit commercial benefits to a construction company, LENA, in return for payments received via middlemen, who were also indicted, via a Swiss bank account. A former top-level manager at state-owned bank Caixa Geral de Depositos has also been charged with facilitating payments. Ricardo Salgado, former CEO of Banco Espirito Santo (BES) and head of the Espirito Santo banking family, is charged with paying Socrates to sway Portugal Telecom to follow a strategy defined by Salgado. Salgado is also accused of paying Portugal Telecom s former CEO Zeinal Bava and chairman Henrique Granadeiro - both of whom were also indicted.  BES, which was a major shareholder in Portugal Telecom, collapsed in 2014 under a mountain of debt, causing a default of nearly 1 billion euros at Portugal Telecom, which has since been sold off. A total of 19 people and nine firms in the construction, resort development, consulting and investment sectors have been indicted. Salgado, the former Portugal Telecom executives and LENA have denied any wrongdoing. Socrates resigned as prime minister in the middle of his second four-year term in 2011 as an escalating debt crisis forced him to request an international bailout, which imposed painful austerity measures on Portugal. He was arrested in 2014 and spent months in prison before being shifted to house arrest. The Socialists regained power in 2015 under Prime Minister Antonio Costa, who was a minister in Socrates  first cabinet. ",1
17755,Britain's Queen Elizabeth bows out of Remembrance wreath-laying ceremony,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s 91-year-old Queen Elizabeth has asked her eldest son, Prince Charles, to lay a wreath on her behalf at London s main war memorial on Remembrance Sunday, breaking with her usual custom of laying it herself. The monarch will view the long wreath-laying ceremony at the Cenotaph on Whitehall in central London on Nov. 12 from the balcony of the nearby Foreign Office, alongside her husband Prince Philip, who is 96.  At Her Majesty s request, a wreath will be laid on her behalf by The Prince of Wales,  Buckingham Palace said in a statement, referring to the heir-to-the-throne by his official title. The wreath-laying itself involves bending over to place the wreath at the foot of the Cenotaph, then walking backwards down a few steps. A palace source said the queen had primarily made the decision to view the ceremony from the balcony to be with her husband, whilst also acknowledging that the event itself was demanding for someone in their 90s. The head of state has been gradually reducing her workload and younger royals including Charles have been taking up some of her duties. Philip retired from public life in August but was keen to attend the annual ceremony, which commemorates the fallen of two World Wars and later conflicts. The queen has missed the wreath-laying ceremony only six times in her 65-year reign.  On four of those occasions she was on foreign visits: to Ghana in 1961, Brazil in 1968, Kenya in 1983 and South Africa in 1999. She also missed the ceremonies in 1959 and 1963, before the births of her two youngest children, Prince Andrew and Prince Edward. ",1
17756,"U.S. carrier drills with Japanese navy around Okinawa, southwest of Korean peninsula","TOKYO (Reuters) - A U.S. Navy aircraft carrier, the Ronald Reagan, is conducting drills with a Japanese warship in waters around Okinawa southwest of the Korean peninsula, Japan s military said on Wednesday. The exercise comes amid heightened tension with North Korea as the U.S. holds air drills in the region with B1-B bombers flown from Guam.  The exercise with the Reagan strike group, which began on Saturday, involves vessels sailing from the Bashi Channel, which separates the Philippines and Taiwan, to seas around Japan s southwest island nearer to North Korea, Japan s Maritime Self Defense Force said in a statement. One Japanese destroyer, the Shimkaze, is accompanying the 100,000-ton Reagan, which is based in Japan, and its escort ships, the JMSDF said. ",1
17757,London demands answers as British rights activist barred from Hong Kong,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - A British activist critical of Hong Kong s rights record was barred entry to the former British colony on Wednesday, prompting a demand from London for an explanation, a week before a Communist Party leadership meeting starts in Beijing. Benedict Rogers, a co-founder of the Conservative Party s Human Rights Commission, has been a vocal critic of Chinese-ruled Hong Kong s treatment of human rights activists, including that of jailed student protest leader Joshua Wong. After arriving from Bangkok on Wednesday, Rogers said immigration officials who were  perfectly friendly and polite  took him into a room and briefly asked him non-sensitive questions.  They denied him entry about an hour later without giving a reason, Rogers told Reuters over the phone. He was then escorted on to the next flight to Bangkok by half a dozen officials. Hong Kong, which returned to Chinese rule in 1997, is governed under a  one country, two systems  principle that promises it a high degree of autonomy and freedoms not enjoyed on the mainland.  But critics have accused the government of bending to the will of Communist Party leaders in Beijing and of a gradual watering down of the territory s freedoms, including freedom of speech and right to protest. The Immigration Department said in a statement it does not comment on individual cases, adding it decides whether entry will be allowed  in accordance with the Hong Kong law and prevailing immigration policies .     The city s leader, Carrie Lam, also said she would not comment on individual cases when asked about it at a press conference about her maiden policy address. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said London needed an explanation from Hong Kong and Beijing.  I am very concerned that a UK national has been denied entry to Hong Kong. The British Government will be seeking an urgent explanation from the Hong Kong authorities and from the Chinese Government,  he said in a statement.  Hong Kong s high degree of autonomy, and its rights and freedoms, are central to its way of life and should be fully respected.  Hong Kong has, on occasion, barred entry to dissidents, including former leaders of the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests in Beijing and a Dutch sculptor who made a Tiananmen sculpture, though other Tiananmen activists have been allowed in for short visits. Rogers said he was  shocked  but he had been prepared because two days ago he had received, through an intermediary, a series of messages from the Chinese Embassy in London expressing displeasure with his visit.  They actually described me, to my amazement, as a  grave threat to China-British relations ,  Rogers said.  Rogers said the embassy had also become aware of his private discussions with others on the possibility of visiting Wong, leader of the 2014 pro-democracy protests that brought much of Hong Kong to a standstill for weeks, in prison, even though the plan fell through. He said a few messages relayed to him via the intermediary subsequently became more threatening, though they were not physically threatening.   I m also shocked because one aspect of  one country, two systems  is Hong Kong people governing Hong Kong,  Rogers said.   But this decision was not made in Hong Kong. This decision was from the Chinese government. This raises serious questions about that particular aspect of  one country, two systems .  The Chinese Embassy did not immediately respond to a request for comment. China s Communist Party holds a key party congress this month, a five-yearly event at which President Xi Jinping is expected to tighten his grip on power. ",1
17758,"Ireland eyes Northern Irish political breakthrough, warns on border","DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland s foreign minister said on Wednesday he hoped that talks to restore Northern Ireland s power-sharing government could reach a successful outcome by the end of the week after some further steps by the negotiating parties. Northern Ireland has been without a devolved administration since its collapse in January, raising the prospect of direct rule being reimposed from London, potentially destabilizing a delicate political balance in the British province.  This week is an important week in the context of Northern Ireland and I hope we will have a successful outcome by the end of the week,  Simon Coveney, Dublin s representative in the talks, told Ireland s upper house of parliament. Coveney said the parties were making progress but they still had some difficulties to overcome. The main impediment in the talks between Irish nationalists Sinn Fein and the pro-British Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) is disagreement over the rights of Irish language speakers.  The prospect of Britain s exit from the European Union in 2019 has added extra urgency to the talks in Northern Ireland. Coveney warned London it would be impossible to avoid some form of hard border between Ireland and Northern Ireland if Britain does not maintain a customs partnership with the EU.  Direct rule (from London) would in my view be devastating for Northern Ireland, not just in the context of Brexit but in the context of community relations and the capacity to really find pragmatic and practical ways of reconciliation,  he said. The restoration of the administration would give Northern Ireland a greater say in Brexit negotiations that are set to have a bigger impact on the province than on any other part of the United Kingdom. Northern Ireland will be the UK s only land frontier with the EU after its departure and Dublin has proposed that Britain reach a bespoke customs union partnership with the bloc to eliminate the risk of a hard border returning to the island. The border issue is particularly sensitive given the decades of violence over whether Northern Ireland should be part of the United Kingdom or Ireland. Around 3,600 people were killed before a 1998 peace agreement.  I find it very difficult to see how we can solve the border issues on the island of Ireland unless Britain, Ireland and the rest of the European Union are part of a shared customs union, you can call it whatever you want,  Coveney said.  There is simply no way of avoiding some border infrastructure if you are having to manage the movement of goods from one customs union to another.  While Britain insists it will leave the EU s customs union, Coveney said the language around the issue has improved, citing a British proposal for a  new customs partnership  post-Brexit.  I do think the British government is exploring ways in which we can try to discuss these things,  he said. ",1
17759,Irish postage stamp homage to Che Guevara stokes criticism,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - The unlikely choice of Argentinian communist guerrilla leader Ernesto  Che  Guevara, hero of the Cuban revolution, as the face of the new 1-euro postage stamp in Ireland is stoking controversy on both sides of the Atlantic. The traditionally Catholic country, which has never had a left-wing government, only established diplomatic relations with Cuba in 1999, 40 years after Guevara helped lead the Cuban revolution with Fidel Castro.  However Guevara s father, Ernesto Guevara Lynch, was a civil engineer of Irish descent   and the iconic red and black print of the long-haired Che known from t-shirts and posters around the world was produced by an Irish artist, Jim Fitzpatrick. On this basis Ireland s postal service this week issued the new stamp featuring Fitzpatrick s image of Guevara to mark the 50th anniversary of his death.  The postal service described Guevara, killed by CIA-backed Bolivian soldiers in Bolivia in 1967, as  the quintessential left-wing revolutionary.  It said demand for the stamp has rivaled that of its two previously most popular releases, commemorating the sinking of the Titanic and Ireland s 1916 Rising against British rule. But it was quickly reminded that Guevara remains for many symbol of the violent abuses of Cuba s communist government, with one Irish senator describing Guevara as  a barbaric interrogator, jailer and executioner of hundreds of supposed  class enemies .   It is my belief that he is most definitely not a suitable candidate for such an honor,  said Neale Richmond, a member of Irish governing party Fine Gael in a letter to Ireland s communications minister. Cuban-American radio host Ninoska Perez Castellon joined the fray urging listeners to write to the postal service to ask for the stamp to be scrapped. Fitzpatrick, whose 1968 print based on a picture taken by Cuban photographer Alberto Korda was adopted by left-wing students on t-shirts and posters, turning it into a global sign of rebellion, said he was not surprised by the response.  Irish anti-communists threatened to throw a brick through a local shop window when it displayed the image when he first produced it half a century ago.  It s not totally unexpected. It was a revolution and you have two parties of opposites and we had the same after the Civil War in this country,  Fitzpatrick told Reuters at his Dublin home, where the front room doubles as a studio with old drawings and sketches scattered about the desk.  I thought it was amazing that they (the postal service) wanted to do a stamp of Che and It was a great honor for me,  he said. Fitzpatrick, who has designed album covers for Irish rock star Sinead O Connor and the band Thin Lizzy, said in 2011 that he was seeking to obtain the copyright to his image of Che, to prevent  crass, commercial  use of it. A spokesman for the postal service said neither Fitzpatrick nor the estate of the photographer Korda was being paid for the use of the image on the stamp. ",1
17760,Turkey says hopes U.S. will lift decision on visa embargo soon,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey hopes the United States will lift its decision on suspending visa services soon, the spokesman for the ruling AK Party said on Wednesday. Speaking at an interview with broadcaster A Haber, Mahir Unal said Ankara hopes the escalating dispute between the NATO allies will not impact military operations. Turkey was holding talks at the foreign ministry level to resolve the U.S. visa crisis, he also said. ",1
17761,"Turkish, U.S. foreign ministers speak by phone amid visa dispute: sources","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey s Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu spoke by phone with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Wednesday, Turkish foreign ministry sources said, amid a dispute between the two NATO allies over the detention of a U.S. consulate worker. Further details on the phone call were not immediately available. ",1
17762,Zambia emergency powers decree to end at midnight on Wednesday,"LUSAKA (Reuters) - The emergency powers invoked by Zambian President Edgar Lungu three months ago will expire with effect from midnight on Wednesday, the nation s justice minister said. Lungu on July 5 invoked emergency powers to deal with  acts of sabotage  by his political opponents.   The declaration will duly expire at midnight tonight. I wish to state, however, that the expiration should not be misconstrued as an invitation to break the law, as other laws stay in place,  Justice Minister Given Lubinda told parliament. Lubinda said the police were still investigating some cases of suspected sabotage but did not give further details. Under state of emergency laws, police can prohibit public meetings, detain suspects longer than usual, search without a warrant, close roads, impose curfews and restrict movements. Zambia s main opposition party, the United Party for National Development (UPND), said the decision to invoke emergency powers had dented Zambia s image. UPND spokesman Charles Kakoma said the government only used the decree to intimidate opposition supporters who were detained and later released without any charges.  There was no need to for the state of emergency and that is why the government has not given us any serious update on people arrested for sabotage,  Kakoma told Reuters. ",1
17763,Turkey's Erdogan gets warm welcome in mainly Muslim Serbian town,"NOVI PAZAR, Serbia (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan received a rapturous welcome on Wednesday during a visit to the Serbian town of Novi Pazar, capital of the Muslim majority Sandzak region that has seen mass emigration to Turkey since the violent breakup of Yugoslavia. Erdogan, on a two-day visit to Serbia, hopes to boost Turkey s economic and cultural influence in the Balkan region, which was part of the Ottoman empire for centuries, at a time of increased tensions with the European Union and United States.  We have special relations with this region. Your happiness is our happiness, your pain is our pain,  Erdogan told more than 10,000 people gathered in front of the municipality building.   Sandzak is the biggest bridge linking us with our brothers in Serbia,  he said, with Serbia s President Aleksandar Vucic standing close by.  Turkish influence is already strong among fellow Muslims in Bosnia, Albania and Kosovo, but mainly Orthodox Christian Serbia is traditionally much closer to Russia. However, Belgrade and Ankara, which both want to join the EU but are frustrated by the slow pace of progress, are keen to increase bilateral trade. Erdogan said Turkey would finance the construction of a road linking Sandzak with the Bosnian capital Sarajevo, reconstruct an Ottoman-era hammam and build a bridge in Novi Pazar. In Belgrade on Tuesday, Erdogan pledged gas and Turkish investments for the Balkans and he signed deals with Vucic to expand a bilateral free trade agreement.  In Novi Pazar, local people waved Turkish flags and the green and blue flags of Serbia s Muslim community, and chanted Allahu Akbar (God is greatest). A big banner read  Welcome Sultan  and was signed by  Ottoman grandchildren .  Erdogan is our nation s leader, Vucic is our state leader, this is the greatest day for us Muslims to have them both here,  Ismail Ismailovic, 28, from the nearby town of Tutin, farmer, sporting long beard and white embroidered Muslim skull cap. It was a far cry from the 1990s when Serbia and Turkey were sharply at odds in the conflicts that tore apart Yugoslavia. Turkey sees itself as the historic defender of Muslims across the Balkan region.  I know I am not going to be welcomed here like Erdogan is,  said Vucic, who was a firebrand Serbian nationalist during the wars of the 1990s but has turned strongly pro-EU.  But at least I can come out and say that I am working in your best interest.   ",1
17764,Chemical weapons watchdog to get new leader as it investigates Syria,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - A Spanish diplomat has been proposed to head the world s chemical weapons watchdog at a critical time for the organization s disarmament work in Syria, diplomats said on Wednesday. A vote on the appointment of Fernando Arias, 65, is expected to be taken by the 41-member executive council of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons on Thursday. The change of leadership comes as the OPCW and U.N. weapons inspectors investigate ongoing use of banned nerve agents, including sarin and mustard gas, in the Syrian civil war. Syrian officials remain unable to explain how banned chemicals have been found in the country, meaning the new leader could face a showdown among members over whether Syria should be reported to the United Nations for non-compliance.  We believe that we have a strong successor in Ambassador Fernando Arias of Spain, and hope that the executive council will agree his nomination by consensus,  said Ambassador Peter Wilson, head of the British delegation at the OPCW. Arias will have to overcome fundamental differences between major powers Russia and the United States, which jointly drafted a deal to rid Syria of its chemical weapons in 2013 after a sarin attack killed hundreds of civilians near Damascus, but have since ended cooperation at the OPCW. The Syrian government has repeatedly denied using chemical weapons during the more than six-year civil war. But despite a massive international mission to destroy its toxic arsenal, OPCW inspectors have found use of chemical weapons is systematic and ongoing.  Diplomats say Arias, Spain s ambassador to the OPCW and the Netherlands, where the organization is based, is known as a strong negotiator and mediator, making him a good match for the job. Under Arias  direction, the OPCW adopted a contentious decision in 2016 condemning the use of chemical weapons by Syrian government forces and Islamic State militants.  A rare vote at the consensus-based OPCW signaled the break in cooperation between the United States and Russia, which back different sides in the war. The United States had sought to impose sanctions on those responsible through the OPCW s executive council, but dropped the proposal in the face of fierce Russian opposition.  An alternative text drafted by Spain was supported by a majority, including Germany, France, the United States and Britain, but opposed by Russia, China, Iran and Sudan. Arias nomination must be formally be approved by all the OPCW s member countries, represented through the Conference of States Parties, which is expected by December. He will succeed Ahmet Uzumcu of Turkey, who has headed the since July 2010. Arias, who previously served as Spain s ambassador to the United Nations, will be appointed for a four-year term through July 2022 and can seek reappointment. He was picked over candidates from Denmark, Hungary,  Lithuania, South Korea, Burkina Faso and Iraq, diplomatic sources told Reuters on condition of anonymity because the process was confidential. Born in Madrid, Arias also held positions in Mauritania, Bulgaria, Montenegro and was as deputy ambassador in China. ",1
17765,Islamic State to fight 'till the end' in Raqqa: U.S. coalition spokesman,"KOBANI, Syria (Reuters) - Islamic State fighters in the Syrian city of Raqqa are expected to fight to the death, but some local militants have surrendered recently as U.S.-backed forces close in on their last strongholds, a U.S. coalition spokesman said on Wednesday. Colonel Ryan Dillon said officials in the Raqqa Civil Council, which is to govern the city after IS has been driven out, were working to negotiate the safe passage of thousands of civilians being held hostage. But the coalition would not support any negotiated withdrawal of fighters, he said.  The coalition would not be party to a negotiated settlement. (But) we re jumping ahead of anything that s being discussed right now ... as (the council) try to get civilians out,  he told Reuters by phone. Up to 400 militants are believed to remain in a small part of Raqqa surrounded by the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias, he said.  The foreign fighters (in IS), we fully expect them to fight till the end - there s a hardcore of (foreign) fighters.   But we have seen a rate of four to five ISIS fighters surrendering a week, including emirs - local leaders within Raqqa - over the past month,  Dillon said, using another acronym for Islamic State. The SDF said on Sunday it expected Raqqa s capture to be announced within days. Islamic State took over the city in 2014 as it seized swathes of Syria and Iraq. Raqqa served as the group s de facto Syrian capital, from where Islamic State plotted deadly attacks abroad. ",1
17766,Dog lover Putin gets top breed pup as gift from Turkmen leader,"SOCHI, Russia (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin, a dog lover, received a top breed puppy as a belated birthday gift on Wednesday from Turkmenistan s president who is keen to recover lost Russian markets for Turkmen gas.  We have a common friend - this is the world s unique alabai dog. And today I brought this little alabai with me,  President Kurbanguly Berdymukhamedov said before talks with Putin, pulling the pup out from a portable cage and holding it up by the scruff of its neck.  Putin, who marked his 65th birthday on Oct. 7, took the puppy, called Verny which means  faithful  in Russian, and kissed it in its forehead. The alabai is a home-bred Turkmen variety of the Central Asian shepherd dog. Along with the handmade carpets and the ancient Akhal Teke breed of race horses, it is officially listed as part of Turkmenistan s national heritage. Plush and cuddly when they are young, alabai dogs grow into fierce shepherd dogs, fearless in warding off wolves but also in dealing with human strangers. Berdymukhamedov, a flamboyant former dentist whose interests range from sport cars to noble horses, enjoys a personality cult and autocratic powers in his desert nation which sits on the world s fourth-largest natural gas reserves. The two men held talks at the Black Sea resort of Sochi, on the sidelines of a summit of ex-Soviet states, with the Turkmen side keen to see a possible resumption of natural gas exports to Russia. Russia, once the main buyer of Turkmen gas, stopped buying the fuel last year due to a price dispute. China, with its growing appetite for energy, is now the main market for Turkmen gas.  Some other foreign leaders including those of Japan and Bulgaria have also given Putin puppies of rare breeds as gifts. ",1
17767,"No Congo election until mid-2019, vote commission says, angering opposition","KINSHASA (Reuters) - An election to replace Congolese President Joseph Kabila cannot take place before April 2019, the electoral commission said, a delay that the opposition said would cause an impatient population to  take matters into its own hands . The schedule outlined by the electoral commission would torpedo an agreement between Kabila s camp and his opponents to hold the election - originally scheduled for November 2016 - before the end of this year. Dozens of people were killed last year in protests against Kabila s refusal to step down at the end of his term. Parts of Democratic Republic of Congo are in the hands of insurgents who say they will not stop fighting while he remains in power.  The electoral commission, CENI, said in a statement following a meeting with civil society representatives on Tuesday that it would need at least 504 days to organize the poll once voter registration is completed. Enrolment began in parts of Kasai, a region ravaged by insurrection, in mid-September and will take about three months, the commission says. That means the vote could not be organized until April 2019 at the earliest. CENI is expected to announce election dates this month.  What the CENI has announced is not an electoral calendar but an election-killing agenda,  opposition leader Claudel Lubaya told Reuters.   Everything now rests on the shoulders of the population, which must take matters into its own hands.  The opposition suspects Kabila is trying to cling to power by postponing elections until he can find a way to remove term limits that prevent him from standing for re-election, as presidents in neighboring Rwanda and Congo Republic have done. Kabila, who took power after his father Laurent Kabila was assassinated in 2001, denies that, and says the election delays are due to difficulties enrolling millions of voters and mobilizing hundreds of millions of dollars in financing. His spokesman has repeatedly said that the electoral commission operates independently and that Kabila has no control over the timing of elections. The head of the U.N. peacekeeping mission in Congo, Maman Sidikou, said CENI was badly underfunded. International donors have contributed only 6 percent of the $123 million that the United Nations had been expecting, he told the U.N. Security Council.  Congo has never experienced a peaceful transition of power and Kabila s refusal to step down has fueled mounting insecurity across a country where millions died in regional conflicts between 1996-2003, most from hunger and disease. An insurrection in Kasai has killed up to 5,000 people and displaced 1.4 million since August 2016, and militia violence has also spiked in the eastern borderlands, where dozens of armed groups are active. ",1
17768,Rights group questions Italy's work with Libya stopping migrants,"ROME (Reuters) - Europe s top human rights organization asked Italy for more information on its work intercepting migrants at sea, warning that any moves to return them to Libya would break international treaties. The Council of Europe said on Wednesday it had written to the Italian government a day after an Italian navy ship helped Libya s coastguard as it headed off 228 migrants. The coastguard later brought the refugees back to Libya. Italy would break the European Convention on Human Rights if it had a direct role in returning migrants to Libya, where they face  a real risk of torture or inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment,  the Council s human rights commissioner, Nils Muiznieks wrote. Italy s interior minister, Marco Minniti, told Ansa news agency the country s ships had never returned migrants to Libya after a rescue.  Italy s activities are aimed at training, equipping and giving logistical support to the Libyan coast guard, not in returns,  he added. Andrea Doria destroyer provided a Libyan coast guard vessel with life-jackets as it took migrants off of two rubber boats on Sept. 27, according to Italy s navy.  The coastguard later posted pictures online of it bringing the migrants back to Libya, and said they were taken to detention centers. The United Nations has condemned Libyan detention centers as  inhuman  because of abuse and a lack of basic hygiene, medical care and even food. The Council of Europe said on Wednesday Muiznieks wrote to Minniti on Sept. 28. Italy and the European Union have provided training, equipment, repairs and vessels to the Libyan coastguard in an effort to bolster its ability to stop to the departure of overcrowded migrant boats. More than 600,000 migrants have set out for Europe from Libya since 2014. With Italy facing an election early next year, Minniti has spearheaded efforts to try to provide money and equipment to Libyan authorities that agree to fight people smuggling. Sea arrivals to Italy have fallen 25 percent this year over the same period of 2016 as the Libyan coast guard working in tandem with an armed group west of Tripoli clamped down on departures. Departures from east of Tripoli and from Tunisia, however, are now on the increase. ",1
17769,German Greens want anti-austerity Eurogroup head,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A co-leader of Germany s Greens, a possible partner in Chancellor Angela Merkel s next government, said on Wednesday the next head of the Eurogroup should support a shift away from austerity and toward investment and more fiscal solidarity. The Greens are set to start exploratory talks next week with Merkel s conservatives on forming a coalition government that also includes the pro-business, fiscally hawkish Free Democrats (FDP) after an election in September. Unlike the FDP, who have cautioned against proposals by French President Emmanuel Macron for deeper fiscal integration in the single currency bloc, the Greens support common tax collection and an investment pact within the 19-country euro zone. In January, Dutch Finance Minister Jeroen Dijsselbloem will step down as president of the Eurogroup, an informal body that plays a key role in shaping the economic policy of the bloc. The group will vote for a new chairman at a meeting in December.   The upcoming leadership switch at the Eurogroup should be used as an opportunity for a new start in European fiscal and economic policy,  Greens co-chief Simone Peter said in a statement.  Europe will gain from more solidarity. Europe s fiscal policy needs a shift away from austerity toward a common pact for tax collection and investments, which would trigger social and ecological innovations.  Like his German counterpart Wolfgang Schaeuble, Dijsselbloem opposes so-called transfers from richer euro zone states to poorer ones like Greece.  It would be good for Europe if the chairman of the Eurogroup holds the position of European Finance Minister who reports to the European Parliament,  Peter said.  French President Macron has put good proposals on the table, which should be taken on by the next government and should not be torpedoed as former Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble did  to previous proposals.  Schaeuble has agreed to step down after the Sept. 24 election that weakened Merkel s conservatives. He will become president of the German parliament. FDP leader Christian Lindner last week called for a tougher stance on fiscal and euro zone policy, without yet making a bid for control of the finance ministry. ",1
17770,Iran president defends Guards in show of unity anticipating Trump,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran s moderate president gave a full-throated defense of his one-time rivals in the Revolutionary Guards on Wednesday, as the country s pragmatist and hardline factions rallied together in the face of threats from Donald Trump. The U.S. president is expected to  decertify  Iran s nuclear deal with global powers this week and add its Revolutionary Guards military force to Washington s black list of terrorist groups under a strategy to increase pressure on Tehran. The threat of U.S. action has united the two main factions of Iran s leadership, with the pragmatists led by President Hassan Rouhani who seek greater openness to the West demonstrating their support for the hardline Guards. During a cabinet meeting shown on state television on Wednesday, Rouhani said U.S. action against the Guards would be a  mistake beyond mistakes .  They think that the Guards are a military entity. The Revolutionary Guards are not a military entity. They re in the heart of the people. The Revolutionary Guards, in all the days of danger, have defended our national interests,  he said.  We re one society. We re Iran. There are no differences between different factions in confronting the plots of our enemies,  he added. Rouhani, the architect of Iran s 2015 deal with global powers to curb its nuclear program in return for the lifting of international sanctions, won re-election in a landslide five months ago on a platform promising greater openness to the world and reform at home. During an unprecedentedly bitter campaign, he repeatedly spoke out in public against the political influence of the Guards, accusing them of backing his hardline opponent to defend their economic interests. In recent days, however, the threat of new action from Washington has prompted a public display of unity from the rival factions among Iran s rulers.  Today, the president of America has created conditions where Iran is more united than ever. Today, those who oppose the nuclear deal and those who support it are side by side. We all have one voice,  Rouhani said. Newspapers on Tuesday ran pictures of the urbane, U.S.-educated Foreign Minister Javad Zarif laughing and hugging the commander of the guards, Major-General Mohammad Ali Jafari. Zarif brief lawmakers on Wednesday about the expected U.S. action and about Iran s plans for a response, according to members of parliament quoted in state media.  In the closed session Zarif emphasized that if the Americans take any steps against the nuclear deal that the Islamic Republic of Iran will give them a more crushing response,  Shahbaz Hassanpour, a lawmaker representing the city of Sirjan, told the Islamic Republic News Agency (IRNA). Lawmakers did not disclose the specific actions that Zarif had discussed as plans for Iranian retaliation. Trump s expected move to decertify the nuclear deal would not by itself withdraw the United States from the agreement, but would pass that decision on to Congress, requiring lawmakers to decide within 60 days whether to re-impose sanctions. The nuclear deal is supported by Washington s European allies Britain, France and Germany, as well as by Russia and China, all of which say Iran has complied so far. Adding the Guards to the terrorism blacklist could have economic consequences, since the elite military force also has a vast business empire in Iran. International banks are required to make sure their clients are not blacklisted. Washington has already blacklisted other entities and individuals for supporting Guards  activities, but has not yet blacklisted the Guards themselves. During the meeting with Zarif, parliament members expressed their support for the Guards, Hassanpour said. Zarif also noted during the session that European countries will continue backing the nuclear deal regardless of what actions the U.S may take, Hassanpour told IRNA. ",1
17771,"After 'bloody mess' jab, Macron eyes training, job insurance reform","PARIS (Reuters) - France s government and labor unions, united in seeking to cut  unemployment but divided over how to do so, will seek common ground with a revamp of job training and unemployment insurance. The government proposes spending an additional 15 billion euros on training over five years, with employers saying they cannot fill vacancies despite a jobless rate of close to 10 percent, higher than in many European countries. President Emmanuel Macron also wants to bring the national unemployment insurance fund, currently jointly run by unions and employers, under the state s control. Macron, a former banker whose other labor market reform plans have been condemned by some trade union leaders as a deathknell for high French standards of labor protection, wants to make a professional training program less bureaucratic. He also wants the state to have more say over how much the unemployed get in benefits and for how long, which is currently largely set by unions and employers, On Thursday the government is due to open talks with union leaders before deciding how to overhaul training and unemployment insurance.   Training is already funded to the tune of some 30 billion euros annually, financed in part by a levy on wage-earners, but is widely criticized for not benefiting workers that need it most.  Meanwhile, unions and employers are protective of their decades-old grip over the unemployment insurance benefits system worth billions of euros. Macron angered unionists last week with comments he made during a visit to a car parts factory, where scuffles erupted between police and workers protesting over job losses.  Instead of kicking up a bloody mess, some of them would be better off going to see if they can get a job over there,  he said, alluding to vacancies that a nearby aluminum factory was battling to fill. Opponents accused Macron of showing contempt toward the workforce. Nonetheless, business owners say the skills gap is a problem.  We just can t get people into factories,  Pierre Tisseau, whose company makes house terraces in Cholet in western France, told Reuters.  Tisseau said he hoped reforms to professional training would help him fill vacancies he has struggled to plug since 2008. The local branch of the Medef business federation in Cholet said 9,000 people were looking for work but that firms were finding it hard to fill 1,500 vacancies in sectors such as construction, transport and the agri-foods. Macron defied street protests led by the Communist Party-rooted CGT union to drive through employment law reforms that critics say will weaken collective bargaining and give more power to companies to set out work conditions. ",1
17772,EU withholds $33 million loan to Moldova over justice reform hold-up,"CHISINAU (Reuters) - The European Union will not transfer a final tranche of loans worth 28 million euros ($33 million) to support Moldovan justice reforms as the authorities have not fulfilled the required conditions, the EU delegation to Moldova said on Wednesday. The European Union is the ex-Soviet nation s largest external donor, but payments have been frozen or repeatedly delayed by slow reform progress and political upheaval.  The EU has closely observed the reform process and noted that the Moldovan authorities showed insufficient commitment to reforming the justice sector,  the delegation said in an online statement.  The Moldovan authorities have not fulfilled the EU s conditions for receiving the last financial transfer under the justice reform program, which amounts to 28 million euros,  it said. The disbursement of other EU funding, including a 100 million euro ($117 million) macro-financial assistance package of loans and grants for 2017-2018, has also been delayed. Last week, Prime Minister Pavel Filip said Moldova would not receive any financing under the agreement this year. The EU has said a basic precondition for the financial assistance is a respect for the democratic process and the rule of law. Nevertheless Moldova this year introduced a new electoral law that a pan-European rights body ruled could make the system more susceptible to undue influence by vested interests. Moldova s economy grew 4.1 percent last year, recovering from a contraction of 0.4 percent in 2015 due in part to an economic crisis in nearby Russia that hit exports and remittances from Moldovans working there. The country, Europe s poorest, has also been rocked by a scandal that saw the equivalent of an eighth of its gross domestic product stolen from three of its largest banks between 2012-2014. The World Bank and International Monetary Fund have forecast growth of between 4 and 4.5 percent in 2017. ",1
17773,Pakistan bars a militant-linked group from forming new political party,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan s electoral commission on Wednesday barred from contesting elections a new political party that is backed by an Islamist with a $10 million U.S. bounty on his head, a government official said. Haroon Khan, a spokesman for the commission, said a four-man panel rejected the registration of Milli Muslim League (MML) as an official political party. Khan said Muhammad Raza Khan, chief of the Election Commission of Pakistan (ECP), told MML s lawyer at the final hearing of the registration that the new party has links with militant groups and as such  We can t enlist you.  The ECP spokesman said the commission cited an interior ministry recommendation that the MML was  affiliated  with Lashkar-e-Tayyeba (LeT), a militant group blamed for the 2008 Mumbai attacks that killed 166 people, and that such groups could breed violence and extremism in politics.   The United States has designated LeT founder Hafiz Saeed a terrorist and offers a $10 million reward for information leading to his conviction.  Saeed, currently under house arrest, heads the Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD) Islamict charity, which Washington says is a front for LeT. Pakistan s reluctance to press charges against him has been a sore point in relations with Washington and India over the past decade.  Saifullah Khalid, the head of MML, said his party would challenge the decision.  An attempt is being made to keep patriotic forces away from politics,  he said. The party is likely to continue operating unofficially, as it did last month when one of its leaders contested a by-election in the eastern city of Lahore as an independent candidate. The candidate, Yaqoob Sheikh, won several thousand votes, though officials from MML and JuD ran his campaign. Saeed s portraits adorned posters promoting Sheikh. The move to bar the party appears at odds with what political and former military sources told Reuters was a plan by the military s Inter Services Intelligence (ISI) spy agency to integrate militant-linked organizations by bringing them into politics as part of a de-radicalization drive. Pakistani army spokesman Major-General Asif Ghafoor also said last week the integration of militants into the country s politics would be based on seeking a constructive role for the militant-linked groups, although he did not comment on the military s role in any such strategy.   It is in my knowledge that the government has started some discussion over it, that is, how do we mainstream them,  Ghafoor said.  Neighbors India and Afghanistan accuse Pakistan s military of backing and using militant groups such as LeT as proxies, a charge the army denies. The MML is actively running a campaign for its candidate contesting another by-election on Oct 26., to be held in the northwestern city of Peshawar. ",1
17774,"With far-right in turmoil, France's Le Pen softens anti-EU stance","PARIS (Reuters) - Far-right leader Marine Le Pen has said it is possible to improve the lives of French citizens without leaving the single European currency, in a marked shift from the anti-EU stance she pushed during her failed presidential bid. Le Pen s National Front party has been in turmoil since her heavy defeat to Emmanuel Macron in May s presidential election, split by deep internal divisions over its view on Europe that forced the departure of Le Pen s deputy last month.  In numerous areas it is possible to improve the daily life of the French without quitting Europe or the euro currency,  Le Pen told weekly magazine Valeurs Actuelles in comments to be published on Thursday.  We have heard the French people,  she said. Her remarks are the clearest indication yet that the National Front will focus on policies around immigration and national identity, and soften the anti-EU rhetoric that cost her dear in the election. While public discontent toward Brussels has fueled nationalist sentiment in France, in particular in rural and low income areas, opinion polls show there is little appetite for France to follow Britain out of Europe, or to drop the euro. The departure of Florian Philippot, for years Le Pen s closest aide and a staunch advocate of an anti-euro, protectionist line, split the National Front but also paved the way to a policy change as the far-right party seeks to rebrand itself.  During her election campaign, Le Pen promised a referendum on EU membership. After suffering a bruising defeat to Macron in the May run-off vote, Le Pen s National Front won just eight seats in the National Assembly, leaving it with a weak voice and unable to form a parliamentary group. Last month, already toning down her language, she said that  national sovereignty  would be a mainstay of the party s struggle.  We will continue to fight the European Union with all our soul because it is an instrument for the impoverishment of people,  she said in the wake of Philippot s resignation.    ",1
17775,Merkel names refugee expert as foreign policy adviser,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel appointed Jan Hecker, her refugee policy coordinator, as her new foreign policy adviser, as she braced for tricky talks on a new coalition government next week, where immigration is likely to be a key issue, a government spokeswoman said. Merkel, humbled in last month s national election by a surge of the anti-immigrant far right, is seeking to put together a three-way coalition of her conservatives, the pro-business Free Democrats and the environmentalist Greens - a combination previously untested at the federal level. Members of her conservative bloc resolved their own differences and agreed to limiting migration on Monday, paving the way for talks to begin with the other parties. Hecker, a former federal judge, took over the newly created position of refugee coordinator in October 2015 after Merkel s decision to allow in over a million migrants. He led Germany s migration treaties with African states and accompanied Merkel on a number of foreign trips focused on migration. The decision reflects  growing awareness that refugee and asylum policies are inextricably linked to security issues,  said Judy Dempsey, a senior fellow at Carnegie Europe.  He had the overview of Libya, of the traffickers, of the security of the borders, of the agreement with Turkey,  she said. Hecker replaces Christoph Heusgen, who had advised Merkel for all 12 years of her role as chancellor, before becoming Germany s U.N. ambassador in New York in late July. With Hecker s appointment, Merkel breaks for the second time with a longstanding tradition of tapping diplomats to fill foreign and political jobs in the chancellery. ",1
17776,Pro-Catalonia anarchists enter Spanish embassy in Athens,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Self-proclaimed anarchists burst into the Spanish embassy in Athens on Wednesday and threw leaflets in favor of Catalonian independence, an embassy official said. The embassy staff evacuated the premises leaving only a few diplomats inside, the official said. There were no reports of damage or injuries.   About 15 to 20 entered the embassy and threw leaflets. They did not break anything. The leaflet said  solidarity is the weapon of the people ,  the embassy official told Reuters. The demonstrators unfurled a banner from the roof of the building reading  No Pasaran!  (They Shall Not Pass), a leftist slogan from the Spanish Civil War.    Greek police later detained 19 people, a police official said. Another police official said the group, known as Rouvikonas, had been demonstrating in favor of Catalonian independence.  We are now back inside, the demonstrators have left,  the embassy official said. Small scale attacks against police, businesses, embassies and state buildings are frequent in Greece, which has a long history of political violence and is struggling to emerge from crisis despite three international bailouts. Rouvikonas has stepped up its activities in recent months. ",1
17777,Theresa Maybe? PM refuses to say how she'd vote in another Brexit referendum,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May refused to say whether she would vote for Brexit if there was another referendum, repeatedly avoiding giving an answer on an issue that will define Britain s fate for generations to come. Although May has talked up the  promise of Brexit  since gaining power last year, she had, in the run-up to the June 2016 referendum, quietly backed staying in the European Union. She won the top job after David Cameron, who had also campaigned to remain, resigned in the chaos following the shock result of the vote. She has ruled out holding a second referendum on the final deal of the terms of Brexit, despite calls for one from some pro-EU lawmakers. Asked three times in an interview if she had changed her mind since then, she did not answer directly, saying she wouldn t engage with hypothetical questions and said her job was now to deliver what the people had voted for.  I voted remain for good reasons at the time, but circumstances move on and I think the important thing now is that I think we should all be focused on delivering Brexit and delivering the best deal,  she said on British radio station LBC on Tuesday. The United Kingdom remains deeply divided over Brexit which most senior politicians view as the most important decision Britain has taken since World War Two. In the June 23, 2016 referendum, 17.4 million voters, or 51.9 percent of votes cast, backed leaving the EU while 16.1 million voters, or 48.1 percent of votes cast, backed staying. Britain has just over one year to negotiate the terms of the divorce and the outlines of the future relationship before it is due to leave in late March 2019. Both sides need an agreement to keep trade flowing between the world s biggest trading bloc and the fifth largest global economy. But the other 27 members of the EU combined have about five times the economic might of Britain. They also have a strong incentive to deny the UK a deal so attractive it might encourage others to follow the British example.  May, who said she voted to remain, called a general election earlier this year in a bid to unite the country around her vision for Brexit. However, she lost her parliamentary majority, jeopardizing her premiership. Pressed on whether she would now vote leave, she said she would look at everything and come to a judgment, but stressed that there would not be another referendum. Minister Damian Green, who is effectively May s deputy, was asked on BBC Newsnight the same question. He said that it would have been better had the public voted to remain, but there would not be another referendum and it was his job as a democrat to work towards making Brexit a success. Under the headline  Theresa Maybe , The Sun, Britain s most read newspaper, said Brexiteers were offended by May s response. ",1
17778,"Speed up Brexit transition talks or deal will be worthless, says UK's Hammond","LONDON (Reuters) - British finance minister Philip Hammond said on Wednesday the value of a transitional Brexit deal would decline rapidly if talks to agree it drag into next year, but said it was too soon to spend money on contingency plans. Negotiations on the terms of Britain s exit from the European Union have made slow progress before a March 2019 deadline. Talks on a transition period have not even begun. And while Hammond thinks it s too early to begin enacting contingency plans for a failure to reach an agreement, EU diplomats and officials are putting renewed focus on preparing for a legal limbo after March 2019. Their efforts have intensified as Brexit negotiations stall on issues like the bill Britain must pay to leave and the future of Northern Ireland s land border with the EU. If progress does not pick up, Hammond said, a transition agreement will rapidly diminish in value.  It is self-evident to me ... that a transitional arrangement is a wasting asset. It has a value today. It will still have a very high value at Christmas, early in the new year,  Hammond said.  But as we move through 2018 its value to everybody will diminish significantly. And I think our European partners need to think very carefully about the need for speed in order to protect the potential value to all of us of having an interim period.  British Prime Minister Theresa May has set out plans to seek a transition period after March 2019 with a set time limit. During that period, Britain wants to operate under the same rules as it currently does to provide certainty for businesses while allowing new arrangements to be put in place. Business leaders have repeatedly called for clarity on the trading conditions they will face during the transition period and beyond. Some - including banks in London s financial sector - are making arrangements to move overseas to ensure continued access to the EU market. Hammond said lack of direction to talks was hurting business investment and consumer confidence, and one of his top advisors said international banks would make decisions to move in the first three months of 2018. Britain had hoped EU leaders would agree to start talking about the future at a summit next week. But European Council President Donald Tusk poured cold water on that idea on Tuesday, saying he hoped it could happen in December. Hammond called on the EU to change their approach, warning of the possibility of a bad-tempered breakdown in talks which would see EU countries acting against their own interest.  We have made the running in this and we really need our European Union partners to engage ... We are not asking them to sign up. We are not asking them to write blank cheques. We are simply asking them to start talking to us,  he said. The limited progress in Brussels has drawn calls from some British lawmakers to walk away from the talks and start preparing for a clean break with the bloc. Hammond is considered one of the most pro-EU members of Prime Minister Theresa May s cabinet, and pro-Brexit lawmakers and campaigners have accused him of trying to water down or even halt Britain s exit. He said the government was planning for all possibilities, including Britain s leaving with no agreement on the terms of its departure or how the two would build a new relationship. He said 250 million pounds ($330 million) was being spent on planning for all scenarios. But he rejected the idea that Britain should begin putting  no deal  contingency arrangements in place, including a suggestion from a member of his own party that the government should start spending money to beef up border and customs capabilities.  Some are urging me to spend money simply to send a message to the EU that we mean business. I think the EU knows that we mean business,  Hammond said.  I don t believe we should be in the business of making potentially nugatory expenditure until the very last moment when we need to do so.  However, he warned that he would have to start spending in 2018 if there was no clear prospect of a transitional deal.  There will be some areas where we need to start spending money in the new year if we can t tell ourselves that we are moving steadily and pretty assuredly toward a transition agreement,  he said. ($1 = 0.7573 pounds) ",1
17779,"Yemen Islamist party members arrested, ratcheting up tensions","ADEN (Reuters) - Security forces in the southern Yemeni city of Aden arrested 10 members of an Islamist partner in the internationally-recognized government, the Islah party said on Wednesday. Aden is dominated by local forces backed by the United Arab Emirates, a key member of the Saudi-led coalition that intervened in Yemen s civil war in 2015 to restore President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to power but is hostile toward Islamists. The arrests could raise tension within the coalition fighting the Iran-aligned Houthi movement and forces loyal to ex-president Ali Abdullah Saleh who seized much of northern Yemen, including the capital Sanaa, and drove Hadi into exile. Islah said security forces raided the home of its number two man in Aden, Mohammed Abdel-Malek, and arrested him, along with a member of the party s local Shura Council as well as a local militia commander. Security forces also closed down the party s office in the al-Qaloua district of Aden, Islah said in a statement. A security source in Aden confirmed four people were arrested and said the move was related to the assassination of a Salafist imam in Aden on Tuesday by a bomb planted in his car. While both in the Islamist camp, Salafists and Islah are at odds as some of the former back a secession of south Yemen while the latter wants the Arabian Peninsula state to remain intact. It was unclear if the arrested Islah members had been formally charged.  (Islah) directs a call to public opinion, the government and the coalition demanding they shoulder their responsibility to swiftly release brother Abdel-Malek and his colleagues and to stop these arbitrary measures,  Islah s statement said. With thousands of fighters deployed on battlefronts against the Houthis, Islah has been an important ally of Hadi and the Saudi-led coalition trying to reinstate his government. But Islah, seen as linked with the Muslim Brotherhood, has come under pressure since a rift erupted between Qatar and some Arab states, including the UAE and Saudi Arabia, in June over allegations Qatar backs Islamist militants. Qatar denies this. Since the coalition intervened in Yemen, Islah has tried to distance itself from the Brotherhood in an effort to ease Gulf rulers  anxiety about its Islamist ideology.  The Brotherhood denies accusations from conservative Arab governments of involvement in terrorism, saying it seeks change only by peaceful means.   ",1
17780,"Hungary demands faster EU, NATO integration of West Balkans","BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungary wants the European Union to speed up integration of the Western Balkans and for NATO to include those countries, Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto said on Wednesday.   Speeding up the accession process is a guarantee of security,  Szijjarto said at a news conference also attended by a dozen officials from Central European and Western Balkan countries.   An unstable and tension-riddled Western Balkans is a serious risk to all of Europe.  He said the EU should launch accession talks with Albania and Macedonia no later than the first quarter of 2018. The EU should also offer Bosnia and Kosovo  realistic and attainable integration goals and timetables  and at NATO s December meeting of foreign ministers the military organization should make a decision to start Macedonia s membership talks and activate a membership action plan for Bosnia. He said one important risk of an unstable south-eastern European region was its inability to withstand a new wave of migration.  If a new wave of migration were to come, only a stable and strong West Balkans can stop that,  Szijjarto said.  At the moment the EU has no strategy regarding the West Balkans.  Other foreign ministers and diplomatic leaders echoed that sentiment.  Our nation is geographically surrounded by EU member states but we have been on the periphery of the political attention of the EU,  Macedonian Foreign Minister Nikola Dimitrov said. ",1
17781,"UK 'not ramping up for no Brexit deal,' says PM May","LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday Britain was not  ramping up  for a no deal in Brexit talks with the European Union but money was being used to prepare for every eventuality including leaving without an agreement.  We are preparing for every eventuality. We are committing money to prepare for Brexit including a no-deal scenario,  she told parliament.  We are not ramping up a no-deal scenario, we are actively working with the negotiations with the European Union to ensure that we get a good deal.  ",1
17782,"Russia to donate Kalashnikovs, trucks and munitions to Philippines","MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Wednesday announced that Russia would donate defense hardware to support the military s fight against pro-Islamic State militants, who he said could regroup and attack  anywhere and everywhere . Duterte said Russia would provide about 5,000 assault rifles in a deal to be signed this month, and the Philippine military would no longer have to use second-hand arms.  We will have the Kalashnikov,  he said in a speech to troops, adding that Russia wanted to keep the donation secret. Moscow s gift would follow China s donation of more than 6,000 assault rifles and 100 sniper rifles, among the fruits of Duterte s efforts to form partnerships with two arms-producing powers that are rivals to the United States. The United States has for decades been the Philippines  defense treaty ally and its biggest source or hardware and training, providing about $1 billion in equipment since 2000. Duterte has made no secret of his animosity toward Washington and his disdain for the U.S. military alliance. A senior defense official told Reuters the Russian weapons would arrive later this month, when Russia s defense minister attends a regional meeting. The rifles would be accompanied by millions of rounds of ammunition and dozens of army trucks. Five Russian warships were due to visit in Manila to deliver the equipment, the official said. Four have visited the country this year, in two separate visits. Duterte said the military needed to be properly equipped to handle Islamic State loyalists who had established a dangerous foothold in Mindanao in the south.  They will not disappear, they will regroup anywhere and everywhere,  Duterte said.     ",1
17783,Spain's Socialist leader agrees with Rajoy to launch constitutional reform,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s opposition Socialist leader Pedro Sanchez said on Wednesday he had agreed with Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy to launch a constitutional reform that could change the way Spain s autonomous regions, including Catalonia, are governed. The two leaders agreed that a committee would study the current system of regional autonomy for six months, after which the Spanish parliament would debate constitutional reforms, Sanchez told reporters.  He also backed Rajoy s demand that Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont clarify whether he declared independence from Spain and said he would support constitutional measures that may be taken by the Spanish government if Puigdemont failed to reply or said he had declared independence.     ",1
17784,New Afghan peace talks expected in Oman but Taliban participation unclear,"KABUL/PESHAWAR, Pakistan (Reuters) - Representatives of Afghanistan, China, Pakistan and the United States will meet in Oman next week to discuss reviving peace talks with Afghan Taliban militants, an Afghan official and a Pakistani foreign ministry source said on Wednesday. But it was not clear if Afghan Taliban representatives would join the talks. Taliban sources said they had not yet received an invitation and plan to skip Monday s discussions in Muscat, casting doubt on efforts to revive long-stalled negotiations. The four-nation Quadrilateral Coordination Group (QGC), comprising Afghanistan, China, Pakistan and the United States, has been trying to ease the path to direct talks between the Afghan government and the Taliban, with little success. The Taliban, ousted in a U.S.-led military intervention in 2001, has been gaining territory in recent years through a violent insurgency to try to topple Afghanistan s Western-backed government and re-establish a fundamentalist Islamic regime. Amin Waqad, a close aide to Agfhan President Ashraf Ghani and a senior member of the High Peace Council (HPC), said,  HPC and government representatives will participate, and it is an important one because the Taliban representatives will be there.  We will go with a clear plan.  A senior Pakistani foreign ministry official confirmed the talks would take place on Oct 16. Last week, Foreign Minister Khawaja Asif told Voice of America the  quadrilateral arrangement will again be in operation  in Muscat in October. The U.S. embassy in Islamabad did not comment for the  report. Talks and efforts to kick start negotiations have failed following the 2015 announcement of the death of the Taliban s founder and long-time leader, Mullah Mohammed Omar, in 2013. The United States wants Pakistan, which it accuses of harboring Afghan Taliban commanders, to exert more influence on the group to bring them to the negotiating table. Pakistani officials deny sheltering Taliban militants and say their influence on the group has waned. Two senior Afghan Taliban leaders, speaking on condition of anonymity, told Reuters the group s leadership council met on Tuesday and decided it would not send a delegation to Muscat even if the group was invited to participate.  Till that time, we were not invited, but even if we received any invitation, our senior members decided not to participate in the meeting,  said one of the Taliban leaders. ",1
17785,Britain will suffer from Brexit more than EU: German minister,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany will experience trade difficulties due to Brexit but Britain will suffer more that the remaining European Union members when it leaves the bloc, Economy Minister Brigitte Zypries said on Wednesday.  I expect we will of course have problems with trade ... but it will not be so hard for Europe as for Britain,  Zypries told a news conference in Berlin to present updated German government growth forecasts. ",1
17786,Exclusive: U.S. warship sails near islands Beijing claims in South China Sea - U.S. officials,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. Navy destroyer sailed near islands claimed by China in the South China Sea on Tuesday, three U.S. officials told Reuters, prompting anger in Beijing, even as President Donald Trump s administration seeks Chinese cooperation in reining in North Korea s missile and nuclear programs. The operation was the latest attempt to counter what Washington sees as Beijing s efforts to limit freedom of navigation in the strategic waters. But it was not as provocative as previous ones carried out since Trump took office in January. The officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the Chafee, a guided-missile destroyer, carried out normal maneuvering operations that challenged  excessive maritime claims  near the Paracel Islands, among a string of islets, reefs and shoals over which China has territorial disputes with its neighbors. China s Defense Ministry said on Wednesday that a warship, two fighter jets and a helicopter had scrambled to warn the U.S. ship away, adding it had infringed upon China s sovereignty and security with its  provocation . China would further strengthen its naval and air defenses, the ministry said.  We demand the U.S. side earnestly take steps to correct its mistakes,  it added. Speaking earlier at a daily news briefing in Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said China had lodged  stern representations  with the United States, and reiterated that the Paracels were Chinese territory.  China will continue to take resolute measures to protect Chinese sovereign territory and maritime interests. China urges the U.S. to conscientiously respect China s sovereign territory and security interests, conscientiously respect the efforts regional countries have made to protect peace and stability in the South China Sea, and stop these wrong actions.  Next month, Trump makes his first visit to Asia as president, including a stop in China, which he has been pressuring to do more to rein in North Korea. China is North Korea s neighbor and biggest trading partner. Unlike in August, when a U.S. Navy destroyer came within 12 nautical miles of an artificial island built up by China in the South China Sea, officials said the destroyer on Tuesday sailed close to but not within that range of the islands. Twelve nautical miles mark internationally recognized territorial limits. Sailing within that range is meant to show the United States does not recognize territorial claims. The Pentagon did not comment directly on the operation, but said the United States carried out regular freedom-of-navigation operations and would continue to do so. China s claims in the South China Sea, through which about $5 trillion in shipborne trade passes each year, are contested by Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam. Experts and some U.S. officials have criticized former president Barack Obama for potentially reinforcing China s claims by sticking to innocent passage, in which a warship effectively recognized a territorial sea by crossing it speedily without stopping. The U.S. military has a long-standing position that its operations are carried out throughout the world, including in areas claimed by allies, and that they are separate from political considerations. The United States has said it would like to see more international participation in freedom-of-navigation operations in the South China Sea. Trump s trip to Asia will likely be dominated by the North Korean nuclear threat. He will also visit South Korea, Japan, Vietnam and the Philippines. In recent weeks, North Korea has launched two missiles over Japan and conducted its sixth nuclear test, all in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions, and may be fast advancing toward its goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. Trump s visit to China will reciprocate a trip to the United States made in April by Chinese President Xi Jinping. The U.S. president s attempts to get Chinese help with North Korea have met with limited success so far, but he has gone out of his way to thank Xi for his efforts. ",1
17787,North Korea hackers stole South Korea-U.S. military plans to wipe out North Korea leadership: lawmaker,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korean hackers stole a large amount of classified military documents, including South Korea-U.S. wartime operational plans to wipe out the North Korean leadership, a South Korean ruling party lawmaker said on Wednesday. Democratic Party representative Rhee Cheol-hee said 235 gigabytes of military documents were taken from the Defense Integrated Data Center in September last year, citing information from unidentified South Korean defense officials. An investigative team inside the defense ministry announced in May the hack had been carried out by North Korea, but did not disclose what kind of information had been taken. Pyongyang has denied responsibility in its state media for the cyber attacks, criticizing Seoul for  fabricating  claims about online attacks. Separately on Wednesday, cyber security firm FireEye said in a statement North Korea-affiliated agents were detected attempting to phish U.S. electric companies through emails sent in mid-September, although those attempts did not lead to a disruption in the power supply. It did not specify when the attempts had been detected or clarify which companies had been affected. Rhee, currently a member of the National Assembly s committee for national defense, said about 80 percent of the hacked data had not yet been identified, but that none of the information was expected to have compromised the South Korean military because it was not top classified intelligence. Some of the hacked data addressed how to identify movements of members of the North Korean leadership, how to seal off their hiding locations, and attack from the air before eliminating them. Rhee said the North could not have taken the entire operation plans from the database because they had not been uploaded in full. These plans had likely not been classified properly but defense ministry officials told Rhee the hacked documents were not of top importance, he said.  Whatever the North Koreans took, we just need to fix the plans,  Rhee later told Reuters by telephone.  I disclosed this because the military hasn t been doing that fast enough.  Rhee said on radio the hack had been made possible by  a simple mistake  after a connector jack linking the military s intranet to the internet had not been eliminated after maintenance work had been done on the system.  The South Korean Defense Ministry s official stance is that they cannot confirm anything the lawmaker said about the hacked content due to the sensitivity of the matter.     In Washington, the Pentagon said it was aware of the media reports but would not comment on the potential breach.  Although I will not comment on intelligence matters or specific incidents related to cyber intrusion, I can assure you that we are confident in the security of our operations plans and our ability to deal with any threat from North Korea,  Pentagon spokesman Colonel Robert Manning told reporters. FireEye said the phishing attack on the electric companies detected was  early-stage reconnaissance  and did not indicate North Korea was about to stage an  imminent, disruptive  cyber attack. The North has been suspected of carrying out similar cyber attacks on South Korean electric utilities, in addition to other government and financial institutions. Those attempts were likely aimed at creating a means of  deterring potential war or sowing disorder during a time of armed conflict , FireEye said.  North Korea linked hackers are among the most prolific nation-state threats, targeting not only the U.S. and South Korea but the global financial system and nations worldwide,  its statement said.  Their motivations vary from economic enrichment to traditional espionage to sabotage, but all share the hallmark of an ascendant cyber power willing to violate international norms with little regard for potential blowback,  it said. ",1
17788,"U.S., Russia in extradition tug-of-war over bitcoin fraud suspect in Greece","ATHENS (Reuters) - A Greek court on Wednesday backed the extradition to Moscow of a Russian citizen who also faces being sent to the United States on allegations of laundering billions of dollars in bitcoin. Alexander Vinnik, the suspected mastermind of a $4 billion bitcoin laundering ring, is one of seven Russians arrested or indicted worldwide this year on U.S. cybercrime charges. Judges ruled last week that he should be extradited to the United States, a decision Russia criticized as unjust and illegal and which Vinnik is challenging at Greece s supreme court. Should it decide to uphold the ruling to extradite him to the United States, the final decision is in the hands of Greece s justice minister, who can approve extradition to one country and block the other. Vinnik denies all charges against him. But he has agreed to be returned to Russia where he is to be tried on lesser fraud charges.  That is his wish - to be extradited to Russia and to give his account before the Russian judicial authorities,  Alexandros Lykourezos, the lawyer leading Vinnik s defense, told reporters after the ruling in Thessaloniki.  In the United States, where he faces up to 55 years in prison, Vinnik is accused of running BTC-e   a digital currency exchange used to trade bitcoin   to facilitate crimes ranging from computer hacking to drug trafficking since 2011. He has told Greek judges that he was a technical consultant to BTC-e and not its operator. Vinnik was arrested while on holiday in a seaside village in Greece in July. Russia then sought his extradition as it has done with other nationals wanted by the United States.  The supreme court hearing is expected within the next three weeks, Lykourezos said.  ",1
17789,Trump to make working visit to UK in early 2018: report,"LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will make a working visit to Britain in early 2018, with a full state visit to follow later at an unspecified date, the London Evening Standard newspaper reported on Wednesday. Prime Minister Theresa May s office declined to comment on the visit, and said its position on the state visit had not changed. The offer had been extended, accepted by Trump, and no dates had been arranged. May invited Trump for a state visit during her trip to Washington to see him in January, shortly after he was inaugurated as president. The plan has proved controversial in Britain, with mass protests expected to greet the U.S. leader. ",1
17790,Kenyan police fire teargas at opposition protesters demanding election reforms,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan police fired teargas at more than 1,000 opposition supporters marching through the capital Nairobi on Wednesday to demand election reforms, a Reuters witness said.  Police also used teargas to disperse protesters in the western city of Kisumu, a stronghold of opposition leader Raila Odinga, who on Tuesday announced his withdrawal from a repeat presidential vote scheduled for Oct. 26, citing concerns over fairness. A Reuters witness in Kisumu said the crowd had refused to disperse after being addressed by the county governor.  ",1
17791,China says U.S. violated its sovereignty in South China Sea,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Wednesday that the United States had violated its sovereignty and security, after a U.S. Navy destroyer sailed near islands that Beijing claims in the South China Sea. China firmly opposes the U.S. move, the Defense Ministry said in a statement on its microblog. ",1
17792,"Murdered North Korean Kim Jong Nam had $100,000 in backpack, police witness says","KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - The half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un was carrying $100,000 in cash in his backpack at the time of his murder, the police officer investigating the case told a Malaysian court on Wednesday.   Indonesian Siti Aisyah, 25, and Doan Thi Huong, 28, a Vietnamese, are charged with murdering Kim Jong Nam by smearing his face with VX, a chemical poison banned by the United Nations, at Kuala Lumpur airport on Feb. 13. The money is now stored in a safe in the office of the police chief of the Sepang district, which has jurisdiction over the murder site, police official Wan Azirul Nizam Che Wan Aziz said.     Wan Azirul said he took posession of the victim s blazer, backpack and watch and handed them to the chemistry department for analysis, but was later told by investigation authorities to hand them over to representatives of the North Korean embassy.  I do not know why, I was following orders,  he added. In court, the prosecution played more than 30 videos of closed-circuit television footage of the women s activities, after Judge Azmi Ariffin overruled defense objections to their admissibility, saying it could be challenged later in the case. The defense lawyers for both Huong and Siti Aisyah said the videos could be considered hearsay, as the investigating officer did not record them himself and was not present to witness the crime. Some of the footage, dated Feb. 11, appeared to show Huong approaching an unidentified man from behind and placing her hands around his neck and face, before backing away slowly with her head slightly lowered and her hands put together. Most of the videos, however, appeared to show Huong and Siti Aisyah before, during and after the attack on Kim Jong Nam. The two women were mostly seen in separate locations, save for during the attack and when they were at a taxi-stand later. The two women were in the same area at the time of the attack, Wan Azirul, who is with the Sepang criminal investigations department, confirmed. The hearing resumes on Thursday, with Wan Azirul returning to the witness stand. ",1
17793,Early 2018 is crunch time for banks' Brexit decisions: UK official,"LONDON (Reuters) - Many international banks and financial services firms based in Britain will decide in the first quarter of next year whether to move operations away from Britain ahead of Brexit, a senior official at Britain s finance ministry said on Wednesday. Katharine Braddick, the ministry s director general for financial services, said banks using Britain to serve clients in the European Union were showing the most urgency in considering relocation plans.  Those plans, if you like, harden, become more firm, at the point at which they start to alter contractual paperwork. For most of the firms that we talk to that will fall at some point in the first quarter of next year,  Braddick told lawmakers.  ",1
17794,Catalonia baulks at formal independence declaration to allow talks,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Catalonia s leader balked at making a formal declaration of independence from Spain on Tuesday, calling for talks with Madrid over the region s future in a gesture that eased fears of immediate unrest in the heart of the euro zone. In a much-anticipated speech to the Catalan parliament, ringed by thousands of protesters and hundreds of armed police, Carles Puigdemont made only a symbolic declaration, claiming a mandate to launch secession but suspending any formal steps to that end. His remarks disappointed many of his supporters who had gathered outside, waving Catalan flags in the expectation that he would move a formal independence motion to the assembly. But the speech pleased financial markets, boosting the euro on hopes that his gesture would mark a de-escalation of Spain s worst political crisis since an attempted military coup in 1981. Tensions have been climbing in Catalonia since it went ahead on Oct. 1 with an independence referendum that Madrid had deemed unconstitutional. Despite a violent police crackdown, Catalan officials say the result was an overwhelming  yes  vote. But instead of moving a motion in regional parliament on Tuesday, as Spanish unionists had feared, Puigdemont and other regional politicians signed a proclamation of  full sovereignty  for Catalonia. Its legal value was unclear.  I am disappointed. I hoped for a declaration of independence and it didn t happen,  said 18-year-old student Julia Lluch, among a crowd of independence supporters who were rolling up their flags and drifting away from the assembly. In Brussels, though, there was a sense of relief that the euro zone s fourth-largest economy now had at least bought some time to deal with a crisis that was still far from over. One EU official said Puigdemont  seems to have listened to advice not to do something irreversible . However, the prospects for political talks still appeared remote on Tuesday despite Puigdemont s gesture, with Madrid insisting on talks to be held  within the law , a phrase that is widely interpreted as ruling out independence as an option. Deputy Prime Minister Soraya Saenz de Santamaria also rejected the Catalan leader s proposal for talks to be conducted by an international mediator.  Neither Mr. Puigdemont nor anybody else can claim ... to impose mediation,  she said. The Spanish government will meet on Wednesday to decide on its response to Puigdemont s declaration. Both Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy s government and European Council President Donald Tusk had urged Puigdemont not to proclaim independence. And French President Emmanuel Macron rejected Puigdemont s call for European Union mediation, saying he was confident Madrid could handle the situation. The Catalan government said 90 percent of those who voted backed independence but turnout was only 43 percent as many opponents of independence stayed at home.  Puigdemont told the Barcelona regional parliament that the result provided a popular mandate for independence and he called for talks and reduced tensions.  We aren t criminals, nor crazy, nor coup plotters, nor abducted,  he said.  We are normal people who ask to be allowed to vote and who have been ready for all the dialogue necessary to achieve it in an agreed way.  I assume ... the mandate that Catalonia become an independent state in the form of a republic,  he said to prolonged applause.  I propose suspending the effects of the declaration of independence to undertake talks in the coming weeks without which it is not possible to reach an agreed solution.   After Puigdemont s speech, stocks around the world rose as Wall Street eked out record highs ahead of earnings season, while U.S. Treasury prices pared gains. Some analysts, however, said Puigdemont s stance would prolong the uncertainty and risk from the Catalan impasse. It could also rock his Catalan government, with one far-left party inside his coalition, the pro-independence CUP, saying he may have missed an historic opportunity and giving him one month to find a negotiated solution the CUP doubts will ever come.  You say we are suspending the effects because we are going to negotiation and mediation. Negotiation and mediation with whom? With a Spanish state that continues to harass and persecute us?  CUP leader Anna Gabriel said. The Catalan crisis has deeply divided the northeastern region as well as the Spanish nation. Opinion polls conducted before the vote suggested a minority of around 40 percent of residents in Catalonia backed independence. The stakes are high - losing Catalonia, which has its own language and culture, would deprive Spain of a fifth of its economic output and more than a quarter of exports. Some of Catalonia s largest companies have moved their head offices out of the region this week and others were set to follow if he had declared independence. Independence supporters watched Puigdemont s speech on large screens outside the 18th-century parliament building. Initially, people chanted  independence , cheered and kissed each other, but as it became clear there would be no formal declaration of independence, some people whistled and shook their heads. Pensioner Marisol Rioja, 65, said:  We would have liked more. But he (Puigdemont) couldn t do it.  Eric Martinez, a 27-year-old manager, also wept as he watched the speech with his girlfriend.  There is no solution through mediation with Spain. Mediation with Spain is useless,  he said. ",1
17795,Hong Kong leader says Asian financial hub faces 'grave' challenges,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hong Kong s Chief Executive Carrie Lam warned in her maiden policy speech on Wednesday that the city faced  grave  challenges and must develop a more diversified economy, unveiling a mix of housing and tax relief policies to raise competitiveness. Hong Kong, one of the world s costliest cities, has battled rising income inequality, the slow implementation of marquee public projects, political tensions with its mainland China and a slide in its competitiveness.  In the face of competition from other economies as well as the rise of protectionism in recent years, Hong Kong is facing increasingly grave challenges. We must develop a high value-added and diversified economy,  Lam said. Hong Kong has seen its lucrative position as the world s gateway to China eroded as the mainland rapidly builds up its own ports, airlines and financial powerhouses, and opens its markets to foreign investors. Lam said she would bolster support for small and medium enterprises in the Asian financial hub by cutting company profits tax to 8.25 percent from 16.5 percent for the first HK$2 million ($256,000) of earnings. Earnings after that would be taxed at the current 16.5 percent. On Hong Kong s soaring housing prices, Lam said that despite a raft of property cooling measures, the government had  no magic wands . Lam pledged to increase land supply where possible and launch a new subsidized  starter homes  scheme to help families not eligible for cheap-rental public housing. The first phase would provide around 1,000 residential units.  Even if our housing policy has broad community support, it takes time to find land for increasing the housing supply,  conceded Lam, Hong Kong s first female leader.  Hong Kong residents are squeezed into an average living space of just 150 square feet (14 square meters) per person, and apartments are the most expensive in the world, according to a recent UBS report ranking 20 global cities including New York, London, Tokyo and Paris. Even residents with good jobs and wages have struggled to get on the property ladder.  Chinese President Xi Jinping also voiced concern over the city s property market when he visited on July 1 for the 20th anniversary of the former British colony s handover to China. Some observers felt Lam s housing initiatives were not bold enough, with local property shares giving up initial gains and closing the day down 1.8 percent.  Property shares are down because of the lack of mention of farmland conversion to build first homes. But the chief executive cannot be too specific, so the sell-off doesn t reflect the real picture,  said Nicole Wong, a property analyst with CLSA. Lam also said Hong Kong would aim to double expenditure on research and development over the next five years, to 1.5 percent of annual GDP from 0.73 percent, in a bid to bolster its sputtering tech prospects with neighboring Chinese city Shenzhen having galloped ahead in recent years. She said the government needed to be  more proactive , and to seize opportunities from China s Belt and Road push to extend trade and transport networks to Europe. She also said the city needed to better integrate with China s Guangdong province as part of a regional economic development blueprint.   Income inequality is at its highest level in over four decades in the city of 7.3 million people, stoking discontent that has seen large-scale protests in recent years over calls for more affordable housing as well as democracy. Since taking office on July 1, Lam has sought to heal social divisions amid growing tensions with China, and to forge a softer and more socially engaged leadership style than her predecessor, the staunchly pro-Beijing Leung Chun-ying. Britain returned Hong Kong to China in 1997 under a  one country, two systems  formula which guarantees wide-ranging autonomy and judicial independence not seen in mainland China. But tensions have heightened in recent years amid concern over Beijing s interference in Hong Kong, sparking large scale pro-democracy protests and some calls for outright independence from China. Lam said Hong Kong has the responsibility  to say  no  to any attempt to threaten our country s (China s) sovereignty, security and development interests,  while re-iterating that it was the  constitutional responsibility  of the government to implement new national security laws, known as Article 23.   We need to have a society that is united, harmonious and caring,  she said. ",1
17796,Thailand prepares to bid farewell to 'the people's king',"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand is putting the finishing touches this month to a lavish five-day funeral ceremony in a final goodbye to its late King Bhumibol Adulyadej, who helped shape the Southeast Asian nation for decades after World War Two. Many of the hundreds of thousands of black-clad mourners are expected to camp for days near Bangkok s Grand Palace to capture a good view of the ceremonies, which will be guarded by 78,000 police officers and culminate in the cremation on Oct. 26.  October is a sad period,  Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha, who announced plans for a national election next year, told reporters in the capital on Tuesday.  I ask that politicians and political parties be peaceful and orderly.  Artisans have worked for ten months in Bangkok s ancient quarter to build an elaborate cremation site fashioned after a vision of heaven, where Thais believe dead royals return to live above Mount Meru, a golden mountain in Hindu mythology. The funeral of King Bhumibol, who died on Oct. 13 last year after seven decades on the throne, is also a time of uncertainty for some Thais, said a Thailand-based analyst, who declined to be identified because of sensitivities around the monarchy.  In many ways the king was Thailand and his death has left a huge vacuum in the Thai psyche,  said the analyst, pointing to social and political upheavals in recent decades.   What happens after his funeral? Where will Thailand head next? These are profound questions that must be answered.  The late king was succeeded by his son, King Maha Vajiralongkorn, or Rama X, who has overseen sweeping changes to the royal household, including the running of palace finances. Though steeped in ancient traditions, the funeral of King Bhumibol will permit more public participation than those of previous kings, said Thai monarchy expert Tongthong Chandransu.  A strong bond has been formed between the people and the monarchy   the strongest compared to past reigns,  Tongthong told Reuters.  So we can see more people participation in the royal funeral of this king.  Among the many royal objects restored for the funeral is a golden chariot that will carry the king s body in a giant ornate urn to the cremation site.  The urn will move to the Royal Crematorium before the cremation on the night of Oct. 26, which has been declared a national holiday. More than 3,000 performers will join in a nightlong final tribute of music and puppet shows to end a year of mourning. Thais devoted to the memory of the king have folded paper flowers for his cremation, making 10 million in Bangkok alone, city authorities said.  This is our  Mandela , or our  Princess Diana , moment,  said graphic designer and self-proclaimed royalist Apichai Klapiput.  What the world will see is rivers of tears that show how much Thais love King Bhumibol Adulyadej. He was the people s king.    ",1
17797,Russia says Islamic State operates near U.S base in Syria unhindered,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia accused the United States on Wednesday of allowing Islamic State to operate  under its nose  in Syria, saying Washington was letting the militant group move about freely in an area abutting a U.S. military base. The allegations, made by Russia s Defense Ministry, center on a U.S. military base at Tanf, a strategic Syrian highway border crossing with Iraq in the south of the country.  Russia says the U.S. base is illegal and that it and the area around it have become  a black hole  where militants operate unhindered.  The United States says the Tanf facility is a temporary base used to train partner forces to fight against Islamic State. Pentagon spokesman Colonel Robert Manning on Tuesday said Washington remained committed to killing off Islamic State and denying it safe havens and the ability to carry out strikes. But Major-General Igor Konashenkov, a spokesman for the Russian Defense Ministry, said Moscow wanted to know how around 300 Islamic State militants in pickup trucks had passed through the U.S.-controlled area and tried to block the highway between Damascus and Deir al-Zor used to supply Syrian forces. He said the U.S. had not yet given an explanation.   We suggest the American side also explain about another incidence of their  selective blindness  towards militants operating under their nose,  Konashenkov said in a statement. He said about 600 militants based in a refugee camp in the U.S. controlled area had driven en masse to a former customs post called Tafas on the Syrian-Jordanian border earlier this month and seized food and medical supplies meant for locals.  You don t need to be an expert to now forecast an attempt to rupture the peace agreement in the southern de-escalation zone,  said Konashenkov.  We issue a warning. All responsibility for sabotaging the peace process will lay exclusively with the American side.  ",1
17798,U.S. congressional panels spar over 'Trump dossier' on Russia contacts,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Three congressional committees are scuffling over a former British spy s reports that are central to investigations into U.S. allegations that Russia tried to help Donald Trump s 2016 presidential campaign, people involved in the inquiries said. The dossier assembled by former MI6 officer Christopher Steele outlined Russian financial and personal links to Trump s campaign and associates. The Senate Intelligence Committee and special counsel Robert Mueller are looking into possible collusion between Russia and Trump s campaign and Mueller s investigators have met with Steele.  However, the Republican chairmen of the House Intelligence and Senate Judiciary committees are challenging the dossier s credibility and one has implied that Russians may have played a role in its preparation, sources familiar with the inquiries said. The duel is not purely partisan. Senator Richard Burr, the Republican chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, and Mark Warner, the committee s ranking Democrat, are leading what other committee members from both parties called a serious effort to pursue the allegations dug up by Steele.  As I understand it, a good deal of his information remains unproven, but none of it has been disproven, and considerable amounts of it have been proven,  Democrat Sheldon Whitehouse, a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, said in an interview with Reuters. He did not elaborate. Russia has repeatedly denied any interference in last November s election won by businessman Trump, a Republican, against Democrat and former secretary of state Hillary Clinton. Trump has denied any collusion by his campaign or associates.    In a report published in January four U.S. intelligence agencies said they took the dossier s allegations seriously. Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley has been the harshest public critic of Steele, suggesting that Russia might have somehow had influence with Fusion GPS, the U.S. opposition research firm that hired Steele, and that they may have broken U.S. law. The dossier was first commissioned on behalf of Trump opponents in the Republican primary and then Democrats took it up when Trump became the presidential nominee. Steele met with FBI representatives before the election to discuss his findings. In a March 6 letter to then-FBI Director James Comey, Grassley wrote:  The idea that the FBI and associates of the Clinton campaign would pay Mr. Steele to investigate the Republican nominee for president in the run-up to the election raises further questions about the FBI s independence from politics, as well as the Obama administration s use of law enforcement and intelligence agencies for political ends.      Whitehouse, however, said that a July 27 Judiciary Committee hearing called by Grassley was part of a Republican effort to discredit Steele by creating  confusion  and the false impression that Russia paid Steele for the dossier.      It could not have been clearer that there is no evidence of any Russian role behind the Steele dossier,  Whitehouse said. A Judiciary Committee aide, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said:  The American people need to be able to trust that the FBI and Justice Department are operating free from political influence. That s what this investigation is about, and we will follow the facts wherever they lead.      Despite recusing himself in April from the House Intelligence Committee investigation, the Republican chairman, Devin Nunes, is also trying to discredit Steele s work, sources familiar with the probe said. On Tuesday, Nunes subpoenaed the partners who run Fusion GPS, the U.S. opposition research firm that hired Steele, a source familiar with the matter said.  This is a blatant attempt to undermine the reporting of the so-called  dossier,  even as its core conclusion of a broad campaign by the Russian government to influence the outcome of the 2016 presidential election has been confirmed by the U.S. intelligence community and is now widely accepted as fact,  Joshua Levy, counsel to Fusion GPS, said in a statement. Committee Democrat Eric Swalwell also fired back, saying Nunes told Congress he had recused himself and that issuing the subpoenas would violate that recusal.  It is also a way to go it alone, not work with Democrats, and it looks like he is trying to again undermine the investigation,  Swalwell said. Nunes also used his power last month to issue subpoenas to the FBI and Justice Department, FBI Director Christopher Wray and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, demanding that they surrender their files on Steele, his dossier, and their investigations into his work. So far, the Justice Department and FBI have not turned over the information Nunes requested because of the FBI investigation, which is supervised by special counsel Mueller. Mueller s office declined to comment on the request or the investigation. ",1
17799,"Blast at Tupras refinery in Turkey kills four, production unaffected","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - An explosion in a storage tank at a Tupras refinery in the western Turkish province of Izmir on Wednesday killed four people but had no impact on production, the company said. Tupras said in a statement that the explosion occurred following maintenance work on Wednesday morning.  Television footage showed black smoke rising from the site of the blast. ",1
17800,"Philippine president sidelines police in war on drugs, again","MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has ordered police to halt activities in his deadly war on drugs and leave all operations to the drug enforcement agency, amid unprecedented scrutiny of police conduct. Duterte s office on Wednesday made public a memorandum telling police, the military and other state bodies to leave to the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA)  as sole agency  the conduct of all campaigns and operations. It was unclear why Duterte had ordered the change in the role of the police, who have been responsible for the vast majority of arrests and killings in the 15-month-old campaign. Neither the presidential spokesman nor the communications secretary immediately responded to Reuters  requests for comment. The order could blunt the intensity of the crackdown, since the drug enforcement agency has only a fraction of the manpower of the 190,000-strong police. But it was not the first time the mercurial leader has decreed that the agency lead the drugs war. Duterte suspended police anti-drugs operations in late January, to cleanse a force he called  corrupt to the core , but lifted that ban five weeks later, saying drugs were flooding back to the streets and the gains of the war were being lost. The memorandum, signed on Tuesday, ordered the police force at all times to  maintain police visibility, as a deterrent to illegal activities , while restricting operations to the drug agency. Its aim was  to bring order to the operation or campaign against illegal drugs, thus pinpointing precise accountability , the document said. More than 3,900 Filipinos have been killed in what the police called self-defense after armed suspects resisted arrest. Critics dispute that and say executions are taking place, with zero accountability, allegations the police reject.  Police and drug enforcement agency spokesman said the two agencies would follow the president s decision, but did not elaborate. Duterte s move follows the August killing of a teenager by police that sparked rare public outrage after a security camera showed the victim in custody, contrary to a police report that he was a drug dealer who tried to shoot them.  It also follows a protest against Duterte last month by thousands of people in Manila, and a series of opinion polls highlighting doubts among many Filipinos about official police accounts, and whether those killed were all drug dealers. A poll released on Sunday showed a sharp decline in public opinion about Duterte s performance and personality, though sentiment about him remained positive overall. Rights lawyers on Wednesday approached the Supreme Court to try and stop the war on drugs, saying it was illegal and allowed the police to circumvent legal procedure. ",1
17801,Iran foreign minister tells lawmakers of plans to respond to Trump moves,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran will react sharply to any U.S. move against the nuclear deal with global powers, Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif told the Iranian parliament Wednesday, according to a parliamentarian who attended the session quoted by state media. The comments were the latest in a series of tough remarks from Iran s leadership, showing a united front between its pragmatist and hardline factions as U.S. President Donald Trump prepares to harden policy towards Tehran this week.  In the closed session Zarif emphasized that if the Americans take any steps against the nuclear deal that the Islamic Republic of Iran will give them a more crushing response,  Shahbaz Hassanpour, a lawmaker representing the city of Sirjan, told the Islamic Republic News Agency (IRNA). Another lawmaker, Behrouz Nemati, said the foreign minister discussed specific steps Trump and the U.S. Congress might take, and Iran s plans for reciprocal action to each anticipated U.S. move. Nemati did not say what actions Zarif had described. Trump is expected this week to  decertify  the landmark 2015 deal under which Iran agreed with global powers to accept curbs on its nuclear program in return for the lifting of international sanctions. Decertification would not by itself withdraw the United States from the agreement, but would pass that decision on to Congress, requiring lawmakers to decide within 60 days whether to re-impose sanctions. Trump is also expected to declare Iran s Revolutionary Guards Corps a terrorist organization. Since the Guards have a vast economic empire in Iran, such a declaration could make it more difficult for Iranian businesses to access the international financial system. Washington has already blacklisted other entities and individuals for supporting Guards  activities, but has not blacklisted the Guards themselves. The threat of increased U.S. pressure has been met by a united front of criticism from within Iran, with members of the pragmatic faction that seeks greater interaction with the West showing their support for the hardline Guards. Iranian newspapers ran photos on Tuesday of Zarif, the urbane, U.S.-educated foreign minister, laughing and hugging the head of the Guards, Mohammad Ali Jafari. During the meeting with Zarif, parliament members expressed their support for the Guards, Hassanpour said. Zarif also noted during the session that European countries will continue backing the nuclear deal regardless of what actions the U.S may take, Hassanpour told IRNA. ",1
17802,Kenya parliament passes controversial election law amendment,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - The Kenyan parliament passed an amendment on Wednesday to the country s election laws, saying that if one candidate withdraws from a repeat presidential election, the other one would automatically win.  The amendment was heavily criticized by the opposition, whose legislators boycotted the vote. Opposition leader Raila Odinga withdrew from a repeat presidential vote scheduled for Oct. 26 on Tuesday, citing concerns over fairness and transparency. The law must now be signed by the president.  ",1
17803,Philippine lawyers ask Supreme Court to halt 'illegal' war on drugs,"MANILA (Reuters) - A group of Philippine lawyers on Wednesday filed an injunction with the Supreme Court to try to stop President Rodrigo Duterte s bloody war on drugs, calling it as an illegal campaign that lets police kill and circumvent legal procedures. The government s directive for the fierce 15-month-old crackdown permits police to  negate  and  neutralise  targets, effectively granting them a license to kill suspected users and dealers, without gathering evidence or building a case, the lawyers said. A practice of compiling lists of  drug personalities  and encouraging citizens to anonymously provide names was tantamount to drawing up a hit list, the petition said. It called for judicial intervention in thousands of cases where Filipinos were killed by police.  The present war on drugs being waged by the government is not going to stop illegal drugs, crime and corruption,  Jose Manuel Diokno, chairman of the Free Legal Assistance Group (FLAG), told a news conference.  (It) will only result in the killing of more and more people especially the poor.   The petition comes as public scrutiny intensifies on Duterte s signature campaign, which he insists will not stop, regardless of the bloodshed. He says he is prepared to go to jail to protect Filipinos from crimes fueled by addiction. Duterte rejects criticism that his notoriously bellicose public remarks have been interpreted by some police as veiled instructions to kill drug users, with impunity. Philippine National Police (PNP) spokesman Dionardo Carlos said police  welcome the filing of the petition before the Supreme Court . He did not elaborate. Though Filipinos are largely supportive of Duterte s iron-fisted approach, recent opinion polls indicate public doubts that his drugs war is above board and effective as the government says. Analysts say unease about the campaign has contributed to Duterte s ratings decline. PNP data shows 3,900 people have been killed in operations in which police say armed suspects violently resisted arrest. Duterte s opponents and activists dispute that and say executions and cover-ups are commonplace, which police deny. The petition by FLAG, which is comprised of around 200 pro-bono human rights lawyers, was filed on behalf of three people whose relatives were killed by police. FLAG has also represented two men who testified before the Senate that they were part of an alleged  death squad  that killed drug dealers and criminals at Duterte s behest when he was Davao City mayor, long before his presidency.  Duterte dismisses the allegation as nonsense. The latest petition seeks to compel the PNP and the interior ministry to halt the campaign and wants killings to be examined by the National Bureau of Investigation (NBI), which would take charge of evidence, including guns that police say were used by victims. It said house-to-house visits by anti-drugs police followed unverified tip-offs from unknown informants and were not based on evidence. It argues police had no intent to persuade suspects to surrender and would kill anyone who refused to cooperate or denied involvement.  The government s war on drugs is short-cutting the justice system by dispensing justice from the barrels of guns,  the petition said.  ",1
17804,Eurogroup head Dijsselbloem to leave Dutch politics,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Outgoing Dutch Finance Minister and Eurogroup head Jeroen Dijsselbloem will leave national politics when a new government takes office in approximately two weeks, he wrote in a letter on Wednesday. Dijsselbloem s Labour party was heavily defeated in the March 15 election and will not be part of the new government, agreed this week after months of coalition talks.  I am leaving Dutch politics. It is not easy,  he wrote in a letter published by the party.   I have reached the conclusion that is this position, this stage, I don t have the fire power.  Dijsselbloem did not say what he intends to do when he steps down on Oct. 25 but has already said he will complete his term as head of the Eurogroup of euro zone finance ministers which expires in mid-January. ",1
17805,Cambodia's Hun Sen renews criticism of United States amid escalating row,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen on Wednesday renewed his criticism of the United States, a week after a leading opposition figure fled the country over fears of a widening crackdown on government critics ahead of next year s election. Hun Sen, who has ruled Cambodia for more than 30 years and shows no sign of wanting to relinquish power, has forced the closure of several English-language media and jailed government critics, including opposition leader Kem Sokha. Bombs recently discovered at nine sites in southeastern Svay Rieng province had been dropped by the United States during the Vietnam war, Hun Sen said in a speech to workers at garment factories that export most of their output to the U.S.  These bombs dropped on Cambodia belong to the United States,  Hun Sen said in his latest comments in a growing row over his accusations that American agents conspired with Kem Sokha to overthrow the government. Hun Sen accused the United States of double standards, saying it was critical of his handling of Kem Sokha s case but had shown no respect for human rights in Cambodia when it dropped the bombs. Cambodia ranks among the world s nations most littered with unexploded ordnance, says the Mines Advisory Group, which helps find and destroy unexploded devices that kill and injure an average of two Cambodians each week.  The U.S. Embassy in Phnom Penh did not immediately reply to a Reuters request for comment on the Wednesday remarks. Last week the government filed a lawsuit demanding the dissolution of the opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP), a move that would help Hun Sen extend his rule at the election. Other parties were ready to replace the CNRP if it was dissolved, Hun Sen said on Wednesday, adding,  If one party is dissolved, five other parties will replace it.  Western countries have condemned Kem Sokha s arrest for treason and have questioned whether the election can be fair, following the crackdown on opposition leaders, activists and journalists. U.S. Ambassador to Cambodia William Heidt last month rejected government accusations of U.S. interference and urged the release of Kem Sokha, who faces 30 years in jail if convicted. Half of Cambodia s opposition MPs have fled, including outspoken deputy leader Mu Sochua, who left last week.  Hun Sen, a former Khmer Rouge commander who defected from the genocidal group and helped drive it from power in 1979, is allied to China, and Beijing says it supports the Cambodian government s efforts to maintain national security. ",1
17806,Kenya High Court rules minor candidate should be on ballot for poll re-run,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - The Kenyan election board should include Ekuru Aukot, who polled less than 1 percent in presidential elections in August, on the ballot in the event of a re-run, the High Court ruled on Wednesday.   I find nothing to bar the petitioner from contesting the fresh election,  said Justice John Mativo.  His ruling means President Uhuru Kenyatta may still have a challenger on Oct. 26, when the re-run is scheduled, despite the withdrawal of top opposition candidate on Raila Odinga over allegations of bias. ",1
17807,China calls on all sides to avoid provocations on the Korean peninsula,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s Foreign Ministry on Wednesday urged all sides to exercise restraint over the North Korea issue after the U.S. military flew two Air Force B-1B Lancer bombers over the Korean peninsula in a show of force. Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying made the comment at a regular press briefing, adding that all sides should avoid provoking each other.  ",1
17808,China complains after U.S. destroyer sails through South China Sea,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday it has lodged stern representations with the United States after a U.S. Navy destroyer sailed near islands claimed by China in the South China Sea. China urges the United States to respect China s territory, ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said at a daily news briefing in Beijing.  ",1
17809,Solution to Catalonia crisis only under Spanish law: Germany,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A dispute between the Spanish government and the leaders of Catalonia over the region s efforts to seek independence could only be solved through talks based on the Spanish constitution, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Wednesday.  A unilateral declaration of Catalonian independence would be irresponsible,  Gabriel said in a statement.  A solution can only be found through talks on the basis of the rule of law and within the framework of the Spanish constitution.  ",1
17810,"U.S. bombs dropped in Afghanistan at highest since 2010, under new Trump strategy","KABUL (Reuters) - American warplanes in Afghanistan are dropping bombs in numbers not seen since the height of the U.S. troop surge in 2010, after President Donald Trump announced a new strategy in August to ease attack curbs and widen the range of militant targets. In September, for example, the U.S. Air Force dropped 751 bombs, an increase of nearly 50 percent from the August figure of 503, to reach its highest single-month total in seven years, military data showed.  The increase can be attributed to the president s strategy to more proactively target extremist groups that threaten the stability and security of the Afghan people,  the Air Force said in a monthly report. Six more F-16 fighter bombers have been deployed to Bagram air field north of the Afghan capital of Kabul, and additional massive B-52 bombers have been assigned to strike Afghanistan from bases in the Persian Gulf, it added. The Air Force numbers exclude strikes by the U.S. Army, which maintains armed helicopters and other aircraft in Afghanistan. Trump s South Asia strategy included promises to expand authority for U.S. forces to target militants in Afghanistan.  These killers need to know they have nowhere to hide; that no place is beyond the reach of American might and Americans  arms,  Trump said in his August speech unveiling the strategy.  Retribution will be fast and powerful.  Former President Barack Obama s plans to drawdown the U.S. mission in Afghanistan often limited U.S. troops to attacking the Taliban only in certain circumstances, such as self-defense. This month, Defense Secretary James Mattis confirmed to Congress that those restrictions would be lifted under Trump s plan. ",1
17811,Muslims flee Indian village after singer killed in argument with Hindu priest - police,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - At least 200 Muslims have fled their village in the western Indian state of Rajasthan after a Hindu priest and his friends were alleged to have killed a Muslim folk singer late last month, police said on Wednesday. Trouble erupted in Dantal village near the India-Pakistan border on Sept. 27, when a Hindu priest accused folk singer Ahmad Khan of making mistakes while reciting hymns to evoke a Hindu goddess. Khan, 45, was a member of the Langa Manganiyar community that has been singing Hindu religious songs and spiritual verses in temples and at festivals for generations. The priest suggested changes to the hymn, leading to an argument. Police said the priest, Ramesh Suthar, and his friends then broke Khan s musical instruments and killed him.  The news of the murder triggered unrest between Hindus and Muslims who have been living together for generations,  said Gaurav Yadav, a senior police officer investigating the case. He did not say how Khan was killed, but said Suthar had been arrested. The priest s accomplices had fled, Yadav said. Two of Suthar s family members said he was in shock and refused to talk about the case. Government authorities had sent paramilitary forces to the area but the Muslims, fearing clashes, refused to return home.  For one small mistake the Hindus killed my brother,  said Rakha Khan, the dead singer s cousin.  We can t live in the same village ever again.  Rakha Khan said they had sought refuge in a school and that the state government office and other local authorities were providing them with food. The attack is the latest in a series of incidents targeting the minority Muslim community in states ruled by Prime Minister Narendra Modi s Hindu nationalist party. Since his Bharatiya Janata Party came to power in 2014, hardline Hindu groups and cow protection vigilantes have carried out numerous attacks on Muslims accused of eating beef or killing cows. Many Hindus believe cows are sacred and killing them is banned in some states. ",1
17812,How a businessman struck a deal with Islamic State to help Assad feed Syrians,"RAQQA/DUBAI (Reuters) - While Syrian President Bashar al-Assad was accusing the West of turning a blind eye to Islamic State smuggling, a member of his parliament was quietly doing business with the group, farmers and administrators in the militants  former stronghold said. The arrangement helped the Syrian government to feed areas still under its control after Islamic State took over the northeastern wheat-growing region during the six-year-old civil war, they said. Traders working for businessman and lawmaker Hossam al-Katerji bought wheat from farmers in Islamic State areas and transported it to Damascus, allowing the group to take a cut, five farmers and two administrators in Raqqa province told Reuters. Katerji s office manager, Mohammed Kassab, confirmed that Katerji Group was providing Syrian government territories with wheat from the northeast of Syria through Islamic State territory but denied any contact with Islamic State. It is not clear how much Assad knew of the wheat trading. Cooperation over wheat between a figure from Syria s establishment, which is backed by Shi ite power Iran, and the hardline Sunni Islamic State would mark a new ironic twist in a war that has deepened regional Sunni-Shi ite divisions. Reuters contacted Katerji s office six times to request comment but was not given access to him. His office manager Kassab, asked how the company managed to buy and transport the wheat without any contact with Islamic State, said:  It was not easy, the situation was very difficult.  When asked for details he said only that it was a long explanation. He did not return further calls or messages. Damascus, under U.S. and EU sanctions over the conflict and alleged oil trading with Islamic State, strongly denies any business links with the hardline Islamist militants, arguing that the United States is responsible for their rise to power. The self-declared caliphate they set up across large parts of Syria and Iraq in 2014 has all but collapsed after Western-backed forces drove them out of their Iraqi stronghold, Mosul and surrounded them in Raqqa, where they are now confined to a small area. Russian and Iranian-backed Syrian forces are attacking them elsewhere, such as Deir al Zor on Syria s eastern border, where Kassab says he was speaking from, in a continuing struggle for the upper hand between world powers. Five farmers in Raqqa described how they sold wheat to Katerji s traders during Islamic State rule in interviews at the building housing the Raqqa Civil Council, formed to take over once the city is retaken.  The operation was organized,  said Mahmoud al-Hadi, who owns agricultural land near Raqqa and who, like the other farmers, had come to the council s cement offices to seek help.  I would sell to small traders who sent the wheat to big traders who sent it on to Katerji and the regime through two or three traders,  he said. He and the other farmers said they all had to pay Islamic State a 10 percent tax, or zakat, and sold all of their season s supplies to Katerji s traders under the multi-layered scheme. Local officials said Katerji s traders bought up wheat from Raqqa and Deir al-Zor and gave Islamic State 20 percent.  If a truck is carrying 100 sacks, they (Islamic State) would keep 20 and give the rest to the trucker,  said Awas Ali, a deputy of the Tabqa joint leadership council, a similar, post-Islamic State local body allied to the Kurdish-led forces now attacking Raqqa. Ali said he learned of the details of the arrangement with Katerji by speaking with Islamic State prisoners and others who worked in the group s tax collection and road tolling systems.  Katerji s trucks were well known and the logo on them was clear and they were not harassed at all,  Ali said, adding that Katerji s people were active during the last buying season, which lasts from May to August. The farmers also said the trucks were identifiable as Katerji s. The truck drivers were even allowed to smoke cigarettes as they passed through the checkpoints, something Islamic State enforcers punished with whippings elsewhere, Ali and several other sources said.  I would sell an entire season s supplies to Katerji s traders, said farmer Ali Shanaan.  They are known traders. The checkpoints stopped the trucks and Daesh would take a cut and let them pass,  he said, using an Arabic acronym for Islamic State. The wheat was transported via the  New bridge  over the Euphrates River to a road leading out of Raqqa, the farmers and local officials said. Control of the bridge is now unclear as the militants in Raqqa come close to defeat. Raqqa-based lawyer Abdullah al-Aryan, who said he had been a consultant for some of Katerji s traders, said Katerji s trucks brought goods into Islamic State territory as well as wheat out.  Food used to come from areas controlled by the government. Medicine and food,  he said. Islamic State rule involved shooting or beheading perceived opponents in public squares, imposing its own extreme version of sharia, Islamic law, and then providing basic goods such as bread and setting up ministries and taxation. Several farmers said they saw Islamic State documents which were stamped at checkpoints to allow the wheat trucks to pass. They belonged to the department which imposes taxes. Islamic State may have exported some of the wheat. Local officials and farmers said the militants, as well as a rebel group, had sold the contents of grain silos in the northeast to traders across the Turkish border. Assad has accused his enemies, including Turkey and Western countries, of supporting the group, something they deny. In an interview in March with a Chinese news agency, published by Syrian state news agency SANA, Assad said:  As for the other side, which is the United States, at least during the Obama administration, it dealt with Daesh through overlooking its smuggling of Syrian oil to Turkey, and in that way Daesh was able to procure money in order to recruit terrorists from all over the world.  Asked whether Syrian companies were dealing with Islamic State to secure wheat, Internal Trade and Consumer Protection Minister Abdullah al-Gharbi said in August:  No, not at all.  Speaking to Reuters at a Damascus trade fair, he added:  This doesn t exist at all. We are importing wheat from Russian companies in addition to our local crop and this talk is completely unacceptable.  The wheat buying season ended in August and IS has lost control of the wheat-growing areas, either to government forces or the Syrian Kurdish-led Syrian Defense Forces. Assad has traditionally relied on a close-knit set of businessmen most notably Rami Makhlouf, his maternal cousin, to help keep Syria s economy afloat. Makhlouf is subject to international sanctions and relies on various associates to do business.  Katerji is a household name around Raqqa and elsewhere. Farmer Hadi likened him to a late Greek shipping tycoon, Aristotle Onassis. Katerji is the Onassis of Syria,  he said.  Katerji s facebook profile page shows him shaking hands with Assad and he regularly posts pictures of the president, who he describes as  a beacon of light for pan-Arabism, patriotism and loyalty . He is member of parliament for Aleppo, a key battleground recovered by the government late last year, and is part of a new business class that has risen to prominence during the war. The United States and EU have imposed a range of measures targeted both at the government and some of the many armed groups operating in Syria, but foodstuffs are not restricted. U.S. and European sanctions on banking and asset freezes have, however, made it difficult for most trading houses to do business with Assad s government and made local supplies increasingly vital. Flat bread is a subsidized staple for Syrians, who have suffered under a conflict estimated to have killed several hundred thousand people and forced millions to flee their homes. The government needs around 1.5 million tonnes annually to feed the areas it controls and keep Syrians on Assad s side. Syria s bread-basket provinces of Hasaka, Raqqa and Deir al-Zor account for nearly 70 percent of total wheat production. While the government looks set to retake much of Deir al-Zor province soon, Hasaka is mostly under the control of U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish YPG militia, who are also likely to hold sway in Raqqa along with Arab allied groups.  Ali, from the Tabqa council, predicted that would not stop the wheat trade.  People like Katerji, with a lot of money and power, their activities will never be completely frozen,  he said.  It is just going to disappear from one area and go to another.  ",1
17813,Spanish foreign minister calls Catalonia's leader speech a 'trick',"PARIS (Reuters) - The independence speech made by Catalonia s leader was a  trick , Spanish Foreign Minister Alfonso Dastis said on Wednesday, although he said there was room for negotiations within the frame of Spain s constitution.  Carles Puigdemont s speech to the Catalan parliament on Tuesday was  a trick to say one thing and do the opposite,  Dastis told French radio station Europe 1. Puigdemont leader balked at making a formal declaration of independence from Spain on Tuesday, calling for talks with Madrid over the region s future in a gesture that eased fears of immediate unrest in the heart of the euro zone. Asked about the possibility of organize another referendum in Catalonia, Dastis said that Spain s constitution does not allow it.   We cannot accept that a portion of the Catalans decide for the whole of Spain,  he said.  ",1
17814,NZ aircraft maker pleads guilty to breaching U.N. sanctions on North Korea,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand aircraft manufacturer Pacific Aerospace Ltd has plead guilty in a New Zealand court to indirectly exporting aircraft parts to North Korea, according to Fairfax Media. New Zealand Customs charged the Hamilton-based manufacturer earlier this year with unlawfully sending aircraft parts to North Korea, in breach of 2006 United Nations sanctions. Pacific Aerospace and NZ Customs did not immediately respond to request for comment.  A U.N. Security Council report in February said it had investigated a 10-seater aircraft manufactured by Pacific Aerospace that had been flown at North Korea s Wonsan Air Festival in September 2016. The New Zealand firm had delivered the plane to its joint venture partner in China and it later been sold to another Chinese firm before ending up in North Korea in December 2015. The U.N. report included emails from Pacific Aerospace to China firm indicating it was aware one of its planes was in North Korea and offering to provide training and  necessary tools  to replace some parts.  New Zealand s Manukau District Court will sentence Pacific Aerospace in January, Fairfax reported. NZ Customs said in August the maximum penalty is 12 months imprisonment for an individual and a fine of up to NZ$100,000 ($71,000) for a company.  The U.N. Security Council has unanimously adopted nine sanctions resolutions on North Korea since 2006 in response to Pyongyang s nuclear and missile testing programs. ",1
17815,China's Xi looks set to keep right-hand man on despite age,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping is likely to retain his right-hand man, the graft-buster Wang Qishan, in a senior position at a key Communist Party Congress this month even though he has reached retirement age, according to a majority of people with ties to the leadership interviewed by Reuters. The fate of the 69-year-old Wang, who keeps a low public profile but is often described as China s second most powerful politician, has been a source of intense speculation ahead of the Congress, which opens on Oct. 18. Twelve of the 16 people with ties to China s leadership, including former officials as well as relatives, aides and close friends of current and former senior officials, said Wang was likely to retain a leadership role. They said it was unclear what Wang s title would be and whether he would remain on the powerful seven-member Politburo Standing Committee. The other four said he would probably step down. Under one scenario, Wang would become one of two vice chairmen of the National Security Commission, set up in 2013 to increase coordination among the branches of China s security bureaucracy and headed by Xi, three of the sources said.  Alternatively, he could become vice chairman of the Communist Party itself, if Xi resurrects the party chairmanship position, they said. Under other scenarios, Wang could become premier - replacing Li Keqiang, a role that traditionally includes management of the economy, or head of parliament.  He will most likely stay on in some form, maintaining a position of power. He s important to Xi,  said Zhang Lifan, a Beijing-based political commentator and historian.  Xi has shown he is willing to break with precedent before and he ll probably do it again with the  seven up, eight down  rule for Wang,  he added, referring to the unwritten rule that officials cannot be promoted when they reach the age of 68. The party signaled last year that the rule was not binding. However, deferring retirement would raise questions about whether Xi, 64, would himself use that as precedent to retain his roles as party and military chief beyond completion of the traditional two five-year terms. Regardless of title, Wang s next role may include a remit that extends to management of China s economy, whose growth is imperiled by heavy debt and inefficient state enterprises.  Wang Qishan has a very strong economic policy voice. I could entirely see a circumstance under which he s given another role that brought that out more,  said Duncan Innes-Ker, regional director for Asia for the Economist Intelligence Unit. Wang was previously a vice governor of the central bank, and as a vice premier with an economic portfolio helped oversee China s recovery from the 2008 global financial crisis. Another possible scenario is that the retirement age for Chinese officials would be extended to 70, the sources said. Wang could therefore retain his Standing Committee seat and head the National Supervisory Commission, a super-ministry that would absorb the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI) he now heads.    But the sources said keeping him in that role risked cementing the anti-corruption campaign as Wang s legacy, rather than Xi s.    If Wang Qishan continued as CCDI secretary, his achievements would be so great it would shock his master,  a leadership source said, quoting a Chinese idiom. China s State Council Information Office, which doubles as the party s spokesman s office, did not respond to a request for comment on Wang s future. The party s anti-graft watchdog also did not respond to a request for comment.   After an absence from the spotlight in the summer, Wang has been increasingly active in recent weeks, meeting with high-profile foreign visitors. In September, he met Singapore s prime minister and Cambodia s deputy prime minister, while the Financial Times reported that Wang had a secret meeting with Steve Bannon, a key former advisor to U.S. President Donald Trump.  These meetings show Wang is setting himself up to stay on,  said a senior Asian diplomat who declined to be identified given the sensitivity of the matter. Wang has transformed his commission into one of China s most powerful bodies, with 1.34 million officials punished since 2013 and dozens of top officials jailed, including the powerful former domestic security chief, Zhou Yongkang. Some analysts and party insiders said it was possible Wang would simply retire, as precedent dictates. Having overseen the jailing or punishment of more than one million Communist Party, government and military officials, Wang has accumulated many enemies, the sources said. Keeping Wang on the standing committee at the expense of younger candidates for promotion could also put pressure on Xi. Wang may also want to retire, some of the sources said.  He will stand down mainly because Xi does not need him any longer and changing the retirement age rule carries significant political costs,  said Steve Tsang, director of the China Institute at the School of Oriental and African Studies in London. Wang s retirement could also be perceived as a victory for Guo Wengui, the fugitive tycoon who has made unsubstantiated corruption allegations against senior party officials, including Wang and his family. More generally, one of the sources with leadership ties said, Wang s retirement could see  corrupt elements launch a counteroffensive and try to retrieve lost ground . ",1
17816,China's former U.N. ambassador moved to Taiwan role,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s former ambassador to the United Nations has taken up a new role as a deputy head of the country s Taiwan policy-making body, the Taiwan Affairs Office, part of a leadership reshuffle connected to a key Communist Party Congress opening next week. Taiwan is one of China s most important and sensitive issues. China considers proudly democratic Taiwan to be a wayward province and has never renounced the possibility of using force to bring the island under its control. Veteran diplomat Liu Jieyi served as China s ambassador to the United Nations from August 2013 until last month when he was recalled to Beijing to await a new role. Liu has now taken up the position as the top ranked of four deputy heads of the Taiwan Affairs Office, according to an updated list of the office s leadership positions posted on its website. Chinese media reported on the change on Wednesday. While China considers Taiwan to be an internal affair it is not unusual for Chinese diplomats to serve in the Taiwan Affairs Office. Zhang Zhijun remains head of the Taiwan Affairs Office, a position he took in 2013 replacing Wang Yi, who currently serves as China s foreign minister. Zhang also previously worked for the foreign ministry. As the top ranked deputy at the office, Liu stands in line to take over from Zhang if he also assumes another position in the next few months.  The once-every-five-years party Congress will see many people take up new posts between now and the annual meeting of parliament in March. Taipei s relations with Beijing have deteriorated sharply since President Tsai Ing-wen, leader of the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party, took office last year. China suspects she wants to push for the island s formal independence, a red line for Beijing. China has cut off a regular dialogue mechanism with Taiwan, ramped up military drills around the island and stepped up international pressure to limit Taiwan s diplomatic footprint. Tsai, who has pledged to maintain peace with China, said this week her government was still seeking breakthroughs in ties with Beijing and promised consistent and stable policies.[nL4N1ML1L8] ",1
17817,South Koreans seek to visit once-jointly run factory zone in North,"SEOUL (Reuters) - A group of South Korean businessmen who own factories in the Kaesong industrial complex inside North Korea said on Wednesday they want to visit to verify the North s claim that it had restarted some operations there on its own. South Korea pulled out of the joint venture last year in response to the North s nuclear and missile tests, ending more than a decade of cooperation at the factory park, on the North s side of the demilitarized zone (DMZ), that was the last remaining symbol of inter-Korean cooperation.  North Korea s state-run web sites said on Friday North Korean workers were operating in the district, adding that it was  nobody s business what we do in an industrial complex where our nation s sovereignty is exercised . The South Koreans said they would ask the Ministry of Unification for permission to visit.  South Koreans have to obtain approval to contact North Koreans or travel in the country. The two sides are technically still at war after their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce, not a treaty.   We urge the North to immediately halt the operation of any of our corporate assets,  said Shin Han-yong, the leader of the group, who used to operate a plant making fishing nets in Kaesong. In recent weeks, North Korea has launched two missiles over Japan and conducted its sixth nuclear test, a sign that it may be fast advancing toward its goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said last weekend that Washington was directly communicating with the North on its weapons programs but that it had shown no interest in dialogue. When the South suspended the operations at the industrial park, it said the North had diverted wages paid to its workers by South Korean firms to fund its nuclear and missile programs. But in July, two months after liberal President Moon Jae-in was elected in the South, a government official said there was no hard evidence to back up the assertion. Moon had initially sought to engage North Korea in talks and cooperation, but current political tensions have tied the president s hands. Despite military tension, the businessmen s visit, if it comes off, may provide a chance to restart talks with the North, Shin said.  We don t know if the North will accept our trip at a time when it only sees the U.S. as its dialogue partner, but we are pinning our hopes on a one in ten chance that may exist,  he said. ",1
17818,Highlights: Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam delivers maiden policy address,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - The following are highlights of the maiden policy address of Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam on Wednesday as she laid out a blueprint of her government s priorities in the coming five years. National security - Say  no  to any attempt to threaten country s (China s) sovereignty, security and development interests Infrastructure  - Belt and Road Initiative and the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Bay Area development will bring enormous opportunities for Hong Kong s economy Economy - The government last went into deficit in 2003-04 and now fiscal reserves are in excess of HK$1,000 billion. - Hong Kong grew by 4.0 percent in real terms year-on-year in the first two quarters, with unemployment dropping to 3.1 percent in recent months, the lowest level in two decades - Overall economic growth in 2017 is expected to be higher than 3.5 percent Innovation and Technology  - The government will step up efforts in research and development, expanding talent pool, venture capital, legislation reviews, and I&T development  - The government has set a goal to double the Gross Domestic Expenditure on R&D as a percentage of the Gross Domestic Product from the current 0.73 percent to 1.5 percent within the current-term government s five-year tenure Taxation - On the two-tier profits tax system, the profits tax rate for the first HK$2 million of profits of enterprises will be lowered to 8.25 percent, or half of the standard profits tax rate  - Profits above that amount will continue to be subject to the standard tax rate of 16.5 percent  Housing - To step up efforts to increase the supply of housing units  - Seek to shorten the waiting time for public rental housing and increase supply of flats under the home ownership scheme. - Proposes to introduce affordable  Starter Homes  for middle-class families in Hong Kong  - Land for  Starter Homes  to come from sites already owned by private developers or to be bought from the government - Provisions in land leases to require developers to pursue mixed developments, to build and offer for sale a specified number of  Starter Homes  units in addition to private housing units to target buyers who meet the eligibility criteria Education and talents - Increase education expenditure by HK$5 billion a year - Appoint more young people to government committees, with the aim of increasing the overall ratio of youth members to 15 percent within the current-term government - Recruit young people in policy research units so that the voices of young people can be heard at senior levels of the government ",1
17819,Bolivians protest Morales' new bid to extend term limits,"LA PAZ (Reuters) - Thousands of Bolivians marched through streets across the Andean country on Tuesday to protest a new bid by leftist President Evo Morales to clear the way for him to run for a fourth term in 2019. Morales had accepted defeat in early 2016 when 51 percent of Bolivian voters rejected his proposal to reform the constitution to end existing term limits in a referendum. But last month, Morales  Movement to Socialism (MAS) party asked the country s highest court to rescind legal limits barring elected authorities from seeking re-election indefinitely, arguing that these violate human rights. Carrying signs that read  Bolivia said  no !  and waving the red, yellow and green Bolivian flag, protesters said Morales wants to tighten his grip on power in the vein of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, a leftist ally considered a dictator by the opposition.  This is a political dictatorship... we re not Venezuelan, we re Bolivian,  Remigio Figueredo, a peasant leader said in La Paz  San Francisco square, where thousands gathered at the same time a World Cup qualifying match between Bolivia and Uruguay was televised. The Morales government dismissed the protests as political rallies disguised as a grassroots movement and said the right-wing opposition wants to ensure Morales cannot run in the 2019 race.  Any constitutional reform needed can be implemented when the will of the people is at stake,  Justice Minister Hector Arce said on TV channel Cadena A. Historically unstable Bolivia has enjoyed relative prosperity and calm under Morales, the country s first indigenous president who came to power in 2006 and whose approval ratings now hover at around 50 percent. Morales has said he would happily give up office but that his supporters are pushing for him to stay. The Plurinational Constitutional Court has until December to rule on the request by Morales  party or extend the deadline for doing so. Protests were also held in the Bolivia s biggest city, Santa Cruz, and in regional capitals across the country. ",1
17820,China's Communist Party makes final preparations for key congress,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s Communist Party opened a meeting on Wednesday to make final preparations for a key party congress later this month, state media said, a five-yearly event where President Xi Jinping is expected to further tighten his grip on power. The seventh plenary session of the party s Central Committee will review draft reports on the work of the party, its discipline and anti-corruption commission, and amendments to be made to the party s constitution, all of which will be delivered at the 19th Party Congress that opens on Oct. 18, the official Xinhua news agency said. The congress will  summarize historical progress and precious experiences  in advancing socialism with Chinese characteristics gained with Xi at the party s core, Xinhua said.  The congress will also thoroughly examine the current international and domestic situation and draw out guidelines and policies that respond to the call of the times,  the news agency said, without giving specifics. Details of the speech that Xi, the party s general secretary, will give at the opening session of the congress are closely guarded secrets, although the event is more about ideology than concrete policies. It is unclear how long the plenum will last, but it could be just a single day. It will end with a long communique, issued by Xinhua, that is usually full of party phraseology but could be short on specifics. Last October, the party gave Xi the title of  core  leader, a significant strengthening of his position ahead of the congress, at which a new Standing Committee, the pinnacle of power in China, will be constituted. The party s constitution will be amended at the end of the congress, likely to include a reference to Xi s thinking or ideology as a guiding party principle. Mao Zedong and the reformist former leader Deng Xiaoping already have their names enshrined in the document, although Xi s two immediate predecessors, Hu Jintao and Jiang Zemin, do not. ",1
17821,"NZ First touts progress in talks to form govt, but decision delayed","WELLINGTON (Reuters) - The leader of the small nationalist party that will decide New Zealand s next government said on Wednesday that  huge  progress had been made in coalition talks, but he has dropped a self-imposed deadline of Oct. 12 to announce the new government. Prime Minister Bill English s ruling National Party won 56 seats at the Sept. 23 election, while a Labour-Green bloc have 54 seats, leaving both needing New Zealand First s nine seats to meet the 61 seats needed for a majority in parliament.  We re making huge progress finding what we agree on, what we don t agree on, what we can still negotiate on, where we might take things into the future by co-operation,  NZ First leader Winston Peters said after four days of talks. Peters told local media on Tuesday evening that he would not be ready to announce his choice by Thursday - a self-imposed deadline. Peters has held the balance of power now three times and has previously served in both National and Labour governments. The New Zealand dollar has fallen around 3.7 percent since the election against the U.S. dollar. The political uncertainty this week took the currency to its lowest levels since late May at $0.7052. The Kiwi has also been under pressure over concerns New Zealand First would see the new government adopt more economically interventionist policies. The party favors restrictions on foreign ownership and more central bank intervention in the foreign exchange market. On Tuesday, Peters fueled those concerns by telling reporters that exporters would welcome the recent fall in the local dollar, adding:  If you re an export-dependent nation, why would you persist with an inflated dollar?  On Wednesday, the Kiwi recovered ground, climbing to $0.7095, its highest since before the final election tally was released on Saturday.  Investors were taking advantage of the lull before Peters announces his decision to buy the currency while it was cheap and get out of short positions, according to brokers.   It s still anyone s guess which way the penny s going to drop with NZ First and people that have been short on the Kiwi will suddenly be thinking:  I may as well take some risk off the table here ,  said Stuart Ive, Wellington-based dealer at OM Financial. ",1
17822,"Iran hardliners, pragmatists show unity in response to Trump","LONDON (Reuters) - A tough line from President Donald Trump has been met by a show of unity from both sides of Iran s political divide, uniting hardliners who cast the United States as an implacable enemy with pragmatists who seek rapprochement with the West. Iran, which has kept up a steady drumbeat of angry statements for days, lashed out again on Tuesday, threatening to teach the Americans  new lessons  and keep  all options on the table  if Washington blacklists its Revolutionary Guards. Trump, who has accused his predecessor Barack Obama of being too soft on Iran, is expected to announce a hardening of policy this week, likely to include  decertifying  a landmark 2015 deal that lifted international sanctions in return for curbs on Tehran s nuclear programme. Such a step would stop short of pulling out of the agreement, leaving that decision to Congress. Trump is also expected to designate Iran s most powerful security force, the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps (IRGC), as a terrorist organisation. The IRGC has a vast economic empire in Iran, and blacklisting it could make it more difficult for Iranian businesses to access the global financial system.  It seems the Trump administration understands only swear words, and needs some shocks to understand the new meaning of power in the world,  said Iranian armed forces spokesman Masoud Jazayeri, who is also a Revolutionary Guards commander.  The Americans have driven the world crazy by their behaviour. It is time to teach them a new lesson.  Several Iranian newspapers ran the same photo on the front page on Tuesday: the urbane, U.S.-educated Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif laughing and hugging the commander of the IRGC, Major-General Mohammad Ali Jafari, in a striking display of unity between the two main factions of Iran s leadership.  We have a similar stance but different ways of saying it,  the papers quoted Jafari as saying. Iran s moderate president Hassan Rouhani won re-election less than five months ago after a campaign in which he called for better ties with the outside world and reform at home, openly criticising the influence of the IRGC which he accused of backing his hardline opponent. But the moderates and hardliners tend to rally together in public when threatened from abroad.  The Americans are too small to be able to harm the Revolutionary Guards,  Ali Akbar Velayati, the top adviser to Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, was quoted as saying by ISNA.  We have all options on the table. Whatever they do, we will take reciprocal measures.  U.S. sanctions on the IRGC could affect conflicts in Iraq and Syria, where Tehran and Washington both support warring parties that oppose the Islamic State militant group (IS). Russia, Iran s ally that is also fighting IS in Iraq and Syria, said on Tuesday that it does not consider the Revolutionary Guards to be a terrorist organisation. The Iranian nuclear deal, backed by European countries, China and Russia, lifted broad international sanctions over Iran s nuclear programme that had been tightened during the Obama years and had caused severe damage to Iran s economy. But Washington still maintains separate unilateral sanctions over Tehran s ballistic missile programme and over allegations that it supports terrorism. The lingering U.S. sanctions have slowed Iran s re-emergence into the world economy, making global banks reluctant to take on business with Iranian firms despite the nuclear deal. The United States already blacklists some individuals and entities for supporting IRGC activities, but not the Guards themselves. Designating the Guards as terrorists could make it more difficult for Iranian businesses to take advantage of the lifting of the international sanctions, since banks are required to verify that their clients are not on terrorism blacklists. Iran s rial has dropped against the U.S. dollar in recent days in a sign of concern about Trump s policy. The rial was quoted in the free market around 40,400 to the dollar, currency exchangers in Tehran told Reuters, compared to 39,200 last week. Several exchangers said they had stopped selling dollars from Monday and were waiting to assess the trend in the market. The government told Iranians on Tuesday it would not let the decisions of the  mentally unstable  Trump affect the market.  Trump might say some things by the end of the week, but this should not create chaos in the market. Iran is a stable country, and nothing will happen,  government spokesman Mohammad Baqer Nobakht said in a weekly news conference. Iran s Central Bank governor, Valiollah Seif, was also quoted as saying by Tasnim news agency that  Trump s words might have an emotional impact on the foreign exchange market, but it would not be long-term .  Washington aims to put more pressure on the IRGC, especially over its missile programme. Trump said in September that recent IRGC missile tests illustrated the weakness of the nuclear deal. Iran says the nuclear deal does not require it to restrict its missile programme. Zarif, the Iranian foreign minister, said Iran purposefully excluded military capabilities from the pact, as  it is not intended as leverage or a bargaining chip in future negotiations . In an article published in the Atlantic magazine on Monday, Zarif added:  No party or country need fear our missiles ... unless it intends to attack our territory.  ",1
17823,UK reaffirms commitment to Iran nuclear deal in call with Trump: May's office,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May has reaffirmed Britain s commitment to a 2015 Iran nuclear deal in a telephone conversation with U.S. President Donald Trump ahead of a key U.S. decision on whether Tehran has stuck to the terms of the pact. Trump has cast doubt on the future of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), which sought to curb Iran s nuclear program in return for lifting most Western economic sanctions.  A senior U.S. administration official said last week that Trump - who has criticized the pact as an  embarrassment  and  the worst deal ever negotiated,  - was expected to decertify Iran s compliance ahead of an Oct. 15 deadline.  The (prime minister) reaffirmed the UK s strong commitment to the deal alongside our European partners, saying it was vitally important for regional security,  said a statement from May s office following the call on Tuesday evening.  (The prime minister) stressed that it was important that the deal was carefully monitored and properly enforced.  In contrast, a White House statement on the phone call said Trump  underscored the need to work together to hold the Iranian regime accountable for its malign and destabilizing activities, especially its sponsorship of terrorism and its development of threatening missiles.  In a separate statement, Britain s Foreign Office said Iran had upheld its nuclear commitments, adding to international pressure on Trump not to jeopardize security in the region.  The nuclear deal was a crucial agreement that neutralized Iran s nuclear threat,  foreign minister Boris Johnson said.  It was the culmination of 13 years of painstaking diplomacy and has increased security, both in the region and in the UK. It is these security implications that we continue to encourage the US to consider.  Johnson spoke by telephone with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif on Tuesday and will on Wednesday meet the head of Iran s nuclear agency in London to press for continued compliance with the deal. May and Trump also discussed the need for Britain, the United States and others to work together to counter destabilizing Iranian activity in the region, May s office said. Britain and the United States are two of eight signatories to the deal, along with Iran, China, France, Russia, Germany and the European Union.  China, Russia and the European states have already expressed their continued support for the deal, while Iran has said Trump would not be able to undermine the pact. If Trump declines to certify Iran s compliance, U.S. congressional leaders would have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions on Tehran suspended under the agreement. Earlier, the White House said Trump would make an announcement later this week on an  overall Iran strategy , including whether to decertify the nuclear deal. May s office said she agreed with Trump that their teams should remain in contact ahead of the decision on recertification. ",1
17824,"Striking French workers disrupt flights, schools","PARIS (Reuters) - French public sector workers went on strike on Tuesday against President Emmanuel Macron s plans to cull jobs and toughen pay conditions, forcing airlines to cancel hundreds of flights and disrupting school activities. Civil servants, teachers and nurses marched through cities across France, from Toulouse in the south to Strasbourg in the east, before the day s biggest rally in Paris. It is the first time in a decade that all unions representing more than 5 million public workers have rallied behind a protest call. Turnout is an important indicator of public appetite for protest against Macron s social and economic reforms, which the former investment banker says are needed to unlock economic growth and put public finances on a more sustainable footing.  As in other recent demonstrations, the number of protesters appeared low. While unions said some 400,000 people turned out across the country, the interior ministry put the figure at 209,000. The economy ministry said some just 14 percent of state civil servants had been on strike and just 9.5 percent in local administration. Protests last month against labor law reform that were led by private sector unions failed to persuade Macron to change policy course, but the French labor movement has traditionally been more muscular in the public sector.   We want to make our voices heard after months and months of attacks against the public sector and its workers,  said Mylene Jacquot, head of the civil servants  federation at the moderate CFDT, France s biggest trade union.    In particular, we want to force the government to make good on its promise regarding our spending power.  Strike notices were lodged in schools, hospitals, airports and government ministries over plans to ax 120,000 jobs, freeze pay and reduce sick leave compensation. The civil aviation authority said 30 percent of flights at airports nationwide had been canceled but there was no disruption on the rail network. The Ministry of Education said fewer than one in five teachers were on strike. Macron, 39, has come under fire in recent days from political opponents and the unions for treating workers with contempt after he was recorded describing a group of workers at a struggling factory as  kicking up a bloody mess .      That misstep came weeks after he called those who resisted reform  slackers . As crowds gathered near Paris s Place de la Republique, protesters held aloft a placard with portraits of Macron, his prime minister and finance minister reading:  The ones kicking up the bloody mess.  Minor scuffles broke out between protesters and security services. Eight people were arrested, the police said in a statement.  Unions have been divided over Macron s reforms so far, with only the Communist Party-rooted CGT spearheading street demonstrations against the loosening of employment laws. In Lyon, Force Ouvriere union boss Jean-Claude Mailly said he would not support the CGT s call for the labor law decrees to be scrapped after weeks of negotiations between government and unions. But he said there would be other battles to fight with a united front.   There are other issues ahead: unemployment insurance, pension reform, the matter of public services,  Mailly said. ",1
17825,Two U.S. B-1 bombers conduct training mission in vicinity of Sea of Japan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two U.S. B-1 bombers carried out a training exercise on Tuesday with Japanese and South Korean military aircraft in the vicinity of the Sea of Japan, the U.S. military said, amid growing tension over North Korea s missile and nuclear programs. It was first time U.S. Pacific Command B-1B Lancers have conducted combined training with Japanese and South Korean fighter aircraft at night, the U.S. military said in a statement.  ",1
17826,"U.N. bans four ships over North Korea coal, U.S. delays four more","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations Security Council has banned four ships from ports globally for carrying coal from North Korea, including one vessel that also had ammunition, but the United States postponed a bid to blacklist four others pending further investigation. The vessels are the first to be designated under stepped-up sanctions imposed on North Korea by the 15-member council in August and September over Pyongyang s sixth and largest nuclear test and two long-range ballistic missile launches. The Security Council North Korea sanctions committee, which operates by consensus, agreed at the request of the United States, to blacklist the ships on Oct. 3 for  transporting prohibited items from the DPRK  (North Korea), according to documents seen by Reuters on Tuesday. A U.N. diplomat, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the four blacklisted ships and the four vessels still being investigated had been linked to illicit trade in North Korean coal. In November last year, the Security Council capped North Korean coal exports and then in August imposed a complete ban.   The 193 U.N. member states are now required to prohibit port entry to the Comoros-flagged Petrel 8, St. Kitts and Nevis-flagged Hao Fan 6, North Korean-flagged Tong San 2 and Cambodia-flagged Jie Shun. Entry is only allowed in case of emergency or if the vessel is returning to its home port.  The Jie Shun was intercepted by Egypt on Aug. 11, 2016,  carrying 30,000 rocket propelled grenades in wooden crates concealed under about 2,300 tonnes of iron ore, according to U.N. sanctions monitors.  It was  the largest interdicted ammunition consignment in the history of sanctions against the Democratic People s Republic of Korea,  the independent sanctions monitors told the Security Council in their annual report in February.  The ship had left the North Korean port of Haeju on July 23, 2016, and was interdicted in Egyptian territorial waters south of the Suez Canal, the experts said.  North Korea is under a U.N. arms embargo and the Security Council has banned trade in exports such as coal, textiles, seafood, iron and other minerals to choke funding for Pyongyang s missile and nuclear programs. In an Oct. 3 note to the Security Council s North Korea sanctions committee, seen by Reuters, the United States said it was withdrawing four ships it had proposed for listing - the South Korean-flagged Xin Shen Hai, the Palau-flagged East Glory 7, the Panama-flagged Kai Xiang and Cheng Hong.  These four ships require further study with key parties and we will revert to the committee once that process is completed,  the U.S. mission to the United Nations wrote. A ninth ship, the Fiji-flagged Toyo Maru, had been proposed for listing in an annex to the initial U.S. draft of a resolution adopted by the Security Council on Sept. 11. It was not clear if the United States still planned to put the ship forward for designation. The U.N. Security Council has unanimously adopted nine sanctions resolutions on North Korea since 2006. ",1
17827,"Trump, top defense officials, discuss North Korea options: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump met on Tuesday with his top defense officials for a briefing and discussion on options to respond to any North Korean aggression or if necessary to prevent Pyongyang from threatening the United States and its allies with nuclear weapons, the White House said in a statement. Trump was briefed by Secretary of Defense James Mattis and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford at a meeting of members of his national security team, the statement said. ",1
17828,Deloitte cyber attack affected up to 350 clients: Guardian,"(Reuters) - A hack at global accounting firm Deloitte [DLTE.UL] disclosed in September compromised a server with emails of some 350 clients, including U.S. government agencies and large corporations, the Guardian reported on Tuesday, citing unnamed sources. Deloitte disputed the story, saying  very few  clients were affected  in a statement emailed to Reuters.  We take any attack on our systems very seriously,  the statement said.  We are confident that we know what information was targeted and what the hacker actually did.  ",1
17829,"U.S. steps up pressure on Hezbollah, offers reward for two operatives","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Tuesday offered multimillion-dollar rewards for two officials of the Iran-backed Lebanese group Hezbollah as the Trump administration prepared to unveil a strategy to counter Tehran s growing regional influence. Washington will pay up to $7 million for information leading to the arrest of Talal Hamiyah, head of Hezbollah s foreign operations, and up to $5 million for Fuad Shukr, a top Hezbollah military operative, the State Department said. The rewards are the first offered by the United States for Hezbollah operatives in a decade, Nathan Sales, the U.S. counterterrorism coordinator, told reporters.  Today s rewards are another step to increase the pressure on them and their organization,  said Sales. Other extremists for whom the United States is offering rewards include Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the head of Islamic State, and Mohammad Jolani, the commander of al Qaeda s Syrian branch. Hamiyah has been on the department s foreign terrorist list since 2015 and Shukr was added in 2013. The United States named Hezbollah as a foreign terrorist organization in 1997. Nicholas Rasmussen, the head of the National CounterTerrorism Center, blamed the group for a litany of attacks around the world, and said it maintains a presence in  nearly every corner of the globe.  Pointing to the arrests of two men in the United States in June for alleged activities on Hezbollah s behalf, Rasmussen said that U.S. intelligence agencies assess that the group is seeking an ability to strike inside  the homeland.   Sales signaled that as part of U.S. President Donald Trump s soon-to-be unveiled Iran strategy, Washington would press countries that have yet to designate Hezbollah as an international terrorist group to do so.  Additionally, some countries have chosen to designate only Hezbollah s military wing, leaving its so-called political wing untouched,  he said, apparently referring to the 28-member European Union.  But that is a false distinction. Make no mistake. Hezbollah has no political wing. It is a single organization, a terrorist organization, and it is rotten to its core.  Designating the group as a terrorist organization is  not merely symbolic,  he continued. By not doing so, he said, countries  limit other governments  ability to freeze Hezbollah s assets, to shut down its front companies, to eliminate its fund-raising and recruiting capabilities and to prosecute Hezbolah associated networks. The United States will need allies in this fight.  But winning support for an intensified campaign against Hezbollah could prove difficult for the administration. The powerful Iran-backed organization is part of Lebanon s fragile coalition government and commands enormous support for the social services it provides. ",1
17830,Turkey's Erdogan blames U.S. envoy for diplomatic crisis,"ANKARA (Reuters) - President Tayyip Erdogan blamed the U.S. ambassador to Turkey on Tuesday for a diplomatic crisis between the two countries and said Ankara no longer considered him Washington s envoy. In a blunt and personal attack on outgoing Ambassador John Bass, Erdogan suggested Bass acted unilaterally in suspending visa services in Turkey after the arrest of a U.S. consulate worker, and said  agents  had infiltrated U.S. missions. The U.S. State Department defended Bass, saying he had the  full backing  of the U.S. government and his actions were coordinated with the State Department, White House and National Security Council.  Our ambassadors tend not to do things unilaterally,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told a briefing.  We have a very close coordination and cooperation with our ambassadors,  she added, saying Bass had done  a terrific job in Turkey.  The dispute has plunged already fragile relations between the two NATO allies to a new low after months of tension linked to the conflict in Syria, last year s failed military coup in Turkey, and U.S. court cases against Turkish officials. The U.S. embassy said on Sunday night it was suspending visa services while it assessed Turkey s commitment to the safety of its missions and its staff, a message reiterated in a video released by Bass late on Monday.  An ambassador in Ankara taking decisions and saying he is doing so in the name of his government is strange,  Erdogan said.  If our ambassador did this, we wouldn t keep him there even a minute.  The embassy said allegations that the arrested employee had links to Fethullah Gulen, a U.S.-based Muslim cleric blamed by Ankara for orchestrating the failed coup against Erdogan last year, were baseless. Nauert said Turkey, which has arrested two local U.S. embassy staff members this year, summoned a third local staff member for questioning over the weekend, a  deeply disturbing  move. Some of those targeted were responsible for law enforcement coordination between the countries, she said.  Being able to have close security cooperation, especially with a NATO partner, is incredibly important,  Nauert said.  And when they start arresting, detaining our people, our people who are responsible for law enforcement coordination, that is a ... major concern of ours. And so that is why we took these steps.  But Erdogan said the arrest, and a police request to question a second consulate employee, showed  there is something cooking in the U.S. consulate in Istanbul ... How did these agents infiltrate the U.S. consulate?  He said Bass, who is due to leave the country within days to take up a posting in Afghanistan, had been making farewell visits to government offices.  But our ministers, parliament speaker and myself did not accept and will not accept his request because we do not see him as a representative of the United States,  Erdogan told a televised news conference during a visit to Belgrade. Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the visa suspension had punished citizens of both countries, and accused Washington of taking an emotional and inappropriate step against an ally.  You are making your citizens and ours pay the price,  he said.  We call on the United States to be more reasonable. The issue must of course be resolved as soon as possible,  he said, describing U.S. behavior as  unbecoming  of an ally. In a speech in Ankara to ruling AK Party parliamentarians, Yildirim also defended Turkey s decision to retaliate with its own visa suspension after the U.S. embassy announcement.  Turkey is not a tribal state, we will retaliate against what has been done in kind,  he said. ",1
17831,"From kitchen to soccer pitch, Catalonia crisis opens old Spanish wounds","MADRID (Reuters) - Dinner at the Barcelona home of Catalonia-born Montserrat Armisen, an independence supporter, can be a tense affair.   He criticizes us and doesn t let us eat in peace,  said Armisen of her husband, Gustavo Gomez, a Colombian who favors keeping the Spanish state intact, and their children, Jordi, 18, and Nicolas, 27.  We go to our protests, return and don t say anything, but he just carries on,  said Armisen, 55.  It bothers us because there is no respect for us from his part.   For many in Spain, the Catalonia crisis that threatens to fracture the country is also tearing at ordinary families and evoking painful memories of Spain s 1936-39 civil war.  The prospect that Catalonia, a former principality which prides itself on its distinct language and culture, might break away has created divisions across Spanish society, from the kitchen table to the soccer pitch. Many in Spain regard Catalan secessionists as a noisy minority whose national identity is built on a misreading of history, ungrateful to a Spanish state that has underwritten the region s peace and prosperity. In their turn, some secessionists decry unionists as  fascists , harking back to dictator Francisco Franco, who suppressed Catalan language and traditions after his forces won the civil war until his death in 1975. Most Catalans backed the Republican side against Franco.  Small groups of far-right activists have taken part in recent anti-independence protests, with a few giving fascist salutes or carrying the flag of the Falange, the dominant party under Franco. Neo-fascists are disowned by the vast majority of those who want to keep Spain intact but their appearance in public shows how the Catalonia crisis has reopened some of Spain s deepest and most painful wounds.  If I say things I am called a fascist,  said Armisen s husband, Gomez, 58, who has lived in Barcelona with his family for a decade.  Telling them they should not be independent is not being a fascist. Everything that has been done, in my view, is completely illegal,  he told Reuters Television, adding that his wife had even asked him to leave home - something she denies.  What am I doing here?  Gomez asked, holding back tears. Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont had pledged to proclaim the region s independence from Spain after Catalans defied a ban and police crackdown and, according to his government s count, voted overwhelmingly to break away in an Oct. 1 referendum. But, in a speech to the Catalan regional parliament on Tuesday, Puigdemont stepped back from a formal declaration of independence, claiming a mandate to launch secession but saying he would delay doing so to allow time for talks with Madrid on the region s future. Spanish Deputy Prime Minister Soraya Saenz de Santamaria savaged Puigdemont s speech, saying he should come back to the path of the law if he wanted talks with Madrid. She said the Spanish cabinet would meet on Wednesday to discuss its response. On Monday, Pablo Casado, a spokesman for Spain s ruling Popular Party, recalled that 83 years ago, the then Catalan leader, Lluis Companys, was jailed for declaring a Catalan state. He was executed by firing squad in 1940 during Franco s rule. Casado said anyone who declared independence might end up like Companys, in prison. In response, the pro-independence Catalan CUP party said on Twitter:  Thanks for being so Franco, Pablo Casado , using a play on the Spanish word for  frank  and  Franco . The dispute has touched Spain s sacred pastime, soccer. On the day after the referendum, the Spanish national team s Catalan defender, Gerard Pique, an independence supporter, was jeered by fans as he trained with the team. Trade unions are also divided. The Catalan arm of one of Spain s biggest unions, Comisiones Obreras (Workers  Committees), initially backed calls for a general strike in Catalonia on Oct. 3 in response to the police crackdown on the referendum, according to media reports. But at a national level, Comisiones Obreras and another big union, the UGT, later said their Catalan affiliates would not take part in the strike, only protests against the crackdown.  In no case are we going to support positions that give cover to a unilateral declaration of independence,  they said in a joint statement. Rosa Borras, 47, took part in a demonstration in favor of national unity in Madrid last weekend. Thinking of her relatives in Catalonia, the situation is deeply saddening, she said.  I ve come because I feel very Spanish and it makes me very sad what s happened,  she said.  I wanted to be here for unity, because I also feel very Catalan.  ",1
17832,Factbox: Catalonia-Spain crisis - What happens next?,"(Reuters) - The standoff between Spain and Catalonia entered a new phase on Tuesday as Catalonia s leader delayed by several weeks a formal declaration of independence from Spain. The current political crisis could now take several paths. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has called an emergency Cabinet meeting for Wednesday to decide the Spanish government s response to the declaration. Rajoy had a meeting with his main rival, Socialist leader Pedro Sanchez, late on Tuesday. He could deploy the  nuclear option  - an article of the constitution which enables him to sack the regional government and call an election. Before resorting to this option, which has never been used, Rajoy s government could call a parliamentary vote on whether to try to persuade Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont to abandon the independence drive. Rajoy is also scheduled to speak at an extraordinary session of the Spanish parliament at 4 p.m. local time (1400 GMT). Whichever way he turns, Rajoy is likely to face criticism, either for clamping down too fiercely or for not pushing a hard enough line against separatism.             Another possibility is that the judiciary steps in, with the public prosecutor calling Puigdemont and other politicians to Madrid to testify.  A genuine dialogue between the Spanish and Catalan authorities to resolve the standoff remains highly unlikely. Puigdemont and other regional politicians signed a document on Tuesday proclaiming  full sovereignty  for Catalonia, but it was unclear whether the move had any legal value. Puigdemont said he was suspending the effects of a declaration of Catalan independence to allow time for dialogue. But the central government immediately responded that any dialogue would have to take place  within the law  and said Puigdemont did not have the right to demand talks.  Meanwhile, far-left group CUP said the ball was in the Madrid government s court and Rajoy should be the one taking a step in their direction. Tuesday s declaration was largely symbolic because it was not formally endorsed by the regional parliament. The anti-capitalist Popular Unity Candidacy (CUP), whose influence is disproportionate to its small size, insists a vote should take place, as stated in the Catalan law. While it has for now maintained its support for the regional government, it said it had set a one-month deadline for talks. If talks fail to happen, the CUP and another pro-independence party, Junts pel Si, are likely to ask the Catalan parliament to formally endorse Tuesday s declaration of independence. This declaration would be immediately blocked by Spain s constitutional court and force the Spanish government to step up further its legal and political response to the crisis. If talks do not happen and a declaration of independence is not put to a vote in the Catalan parliament, the CUP could withdraw its support, triggering a regional election. This election could also be called by Puigdemont himself to back up his weakened position or by the Madrid government if it considers Puigdemont and the Catalan authorities have gone too far, for instance if they seek a formal declaration of independence in the regional parliament. ",1
17833,Mexico to receive $150 million from catastrophe bond after quake,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico s will receive a pay out of $150 million from a catastrophe bond after a Sept. 7 quake met parameters for magnitude, location and depth, the finance ministry said in a statement on Tuesday.  Reuters reported on Oct. 4 that the government expected to receive the funds and that it is looking at placing a new issue. Mexico was hit by two devastating quakes last month, the Sept. 19 tremor that hit Mexico City hard and an even more powerful earthquake that struck the country s south on Sept. 7.  ",1
17834,Brazil congressional report recommends shelving Temer charges,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - A Brazilian congressional report recommended on Tuesday that President Michel Temer should not face trial for obstruction of justice and membership in a criminal organization, arguing that the charges against him were unfounded. The report by Congressman Bonifacio de Andrada, a Temer ally, also recommended shelving charges against two of his cabinet ministers stemming from a corruption case involving bribes paid by meatpacker JBS SA.  The constitutional and legal affairs committee in Brazil s Congress was expected to approve the report next week. The full lower house, which has the power to decide whether a president should be put on trial by the Supreme Court, will likely close the case a week later. That victory for Temer would all but ensure that Brazil s most unpopular modern day president will survive the crisis and serve out his term through the end of 2018. But fighting off the charges has seriously delayed and could derail the president s efforts to balance Brazil s government accounts.  Temer took office last year after the impeachment of his leftist predecessor Dilma Rousseff. He vowed to clean up the government in the midst of Brazil s worst corruption scandal. Instead he was accused of taking bribes and condoning the payment of hush money to a jailed politician in plea bargain testimony by Joesley Batista, an owner of JBS, the world s largest meatpacker. Temer has denied any wrongdoing and his lawyers argued that the case against him was flawed because it was based on one man s word and an inconclusive recording that Batista secretly made of a conversation with the president. Andrada said the charges were based on  bogus  plea bargain statements that do not warrant criminal prosecution.  There is no evidence of a criminal organization, but rather political activities that are being treated as criminal acts,  he said in his report that he read out to the committee. Temer aides said they were confident the chamber would shelve the charges by a bigger margin than its rejection of an earlier corruption charge on August 2 by 263-227 votes, when it needed only 172 votes to throw the case out. A survey by Brasilia-based consultancy Arko Advice published this week showed that support for the government has increased in Congress since August and 71 percent of the 212 lawmakers polled believe the new charges against Temer would be rejected. Still, it is unclear whether Temer can win approval this year for his plan to overhaul the costly pension system, the key measure to reduce a bulging budget deficit that cost Brazil its investment grade credit rating two years ago. A senior executive for Moody s Investors Service said on Tuesday that failure to pass pension reform would make it  easier  to decide on maintaining a negative outlook for Brazil s sovereign rating early next year. ",1
17835,Spanish government says any dialogue with Catalonia must be within the law,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont should come back to the path of the law if he wants talks to take place and he has no right to impose a mediation with the government, Spain s Deputy Prime Minister Soraya Saenz de Santamaria said on Tuesday.  Neither Mr. Puigdemont nor anybody else can claim ... to impose mediation. Any dialogue between democrats has to take place within the law,  Saenz de Santamaria said after Puigdemont declared Catalonia s independence from Spain but immediately suspended it to allow time for a mediated solution with Spain. The Spanish government will meet on Wednesday to decide on its response to this declaration. ",1
17836,Turkey sentences Wall Street Journal journalist to jail in absentia: WSJ,"ANKARA (Reuters) - A Turkish court has sentenced a journalist from the Wall Street Journal to two years and one month in prison in absentia on charges of carrying out propaganda for Kurdish militants, the newspaper said on Tuesday. Ayla Albayrak, a Wall Street Journal reporter with dual Turkish and Finnish citizenship, was sentenced over a 2015 story about ongoing clashes between Turkish security forces and militants from the outlawed Kurdistan Workers  Party (PKK) in southeastern Turkey.  This was an unfounded criminal charge and wildly inappropriate conviction that wrongly singled out a balanced Wall Street Journal report,  the paper quoted its editor-in-chief Gerard Baker as saying. Albayrak, who is currently in the United States, will appeal against the conviction, the Wall Street Journal said. The court decision coincides with an escalating row between Turkey and the United States after the NATO allies mutually suspended visa services on Sunday, plunging already strained relations to a new low. Rights groups and Turkey s Western allies have complained of deteriorating human rights under President Tayyip Erdogan, and fear the country is sliding towards greater authoritarianism. In a security crackdown since a July 2016 failed coup, authorities have jailed 50,000 people pending trial and have detained or dismissed from their jobs some 150,000. As part of the purge some 150 media outlets have been shut down and around 160 journalists are in jail, according to the Turkish Journalists  Association.  Given the current climate in Turkey, this appalling decision shouldn t have come as a surprise to me, but it did,  Albayrak was quoted as saying. ",1
17837,Liberians vote to bolster peaceful democracy in presidential poll,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - Liberians voted on Tuesday in an election expected to mark the first democratic transfer of power in over seven decades in a country haunted by a civil war that ended nearly 15 years ago. Outgoing President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, who won the 2011 Nobel Peace Prize, is praised for maintaining peace since taking over after the end of the West African country s 14-year conflict in which child fighters were used. Liberia s policy of prioritizing reconciliation over justice, however, has meant that prominent figures responsible for the violence that killed a quarter of a million people are still present on the political landscape.   There is no clear frontrunner but Prince Johnson, a former rebel leader who finished third in the last election in 2011, is among 20 candidates on the ballot. The ex-wife of warlord-turned-president Charles Taylor, now imprisoned in the UK for war crimes committed in Sierra Leone, is the running mate of another favorite: former soccer star George Weah.  I am just voting for peace. We want peace right now,  said James Marthics, a voter in Paynesville, a suburb of the capital Monrovia. Residents queued before dawn at polling stations in Monrovia, some bringing small wooden chairs with them, and formed queues as vendors sold them soft drinks and palm wine.  Materials including ballot boxes arrived late in some locations and some people struggled to find their names on voter rolls. State broadcaster ELBC reported a party chair in Lofa County was detained for distributing money to voters. Elections commission head Jerome Korkoya said some individuals were arrested for trying to vote more than once, but he said voting went smoothly overall. Liberia is Africa s oldest modern republic. It was founded by freed U.S. slaves in 1847 but its last democratic power transfer dates back to 1943.  Johnson Sirleaf, Africa s first elected female president, won a surprise victory in 2005 following a post-war transition. She was re-elected in 2011 but is barred from seeking another term. Among the favorites to replace her is Vice President Joseph Nyuma Boakai.  Weah, who has won FIFA s world player of the year, was greeted at his polling station by supporters in football shirts. He came second to Johnson Sirleaf in 2005. Ex-rebel leader Johnson won around 12 percent of the vote in 2011. A widely-circulated video showed him sipping a beer as he directed the torture of President Samuel Doe shortly before his murder in 1990. Ballot counting started soon after polls officially closed at 6 p.m. (1800 GMT), though voting continued in some areas where there had been delays. Results are expected to begin arriving later this week. But most analysts think it will be difficult for any single candidate to win an outright majority on Tuesday, raising the likelihood of a run-off election next month. Few believe there is a real risk of a return to war but in a national address on Monday Johnson Sirleaf called for peace.  Though held in high esteem internationally, many Liberians, who call her simply  Ellen , say they are disappointed she has not achieved more in her 12 years in office. Liberia is currently 177th out of 188 countries ranked by the U.N. human development index, and Johnson Sirleaf has faced accusations of nepotism and failing to crack down on corruption. ",1
17838,Opposition magistrates holed up in Chile residence flee Venezuela: source,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Five magistrates named by the opposition-run congress who had been holed up in the Chilean ambassador s residence to avoid arrest fled in the early hours of Monday and escaped over the border to Colombia, a source said on Tuesday. The Chilean Foreign Ministry said in a statement that Elenis Rodriguez, Luis Marcano, Jose Nunez, Beatriz Ruiz, and Zuleima Del Valle had left the premises on Monday, but did not offer further details.   Relatives came to get them at 5 a.m. yesterday. They escaped via (the Colombian border city of) Cucuta,  said the source close to the five, who have been granted asylum by the Chilean government.  From there they will travel to Washington D.C. to meet with the Organization of American States,  the source added.  Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro threatened the opposition-named magistrates with jail in July after they challenged the existing Supreme Court, which has heavily favored the ruling Socialist Party. The status of the other magistrates remains unclear. Three were detained, although local media reported they were subsequently freed. Others have fled to the United States and Colombia.  Venezuela s Information Ministry did not respond to a request for comment. Venezuelan opposition COPEI party member Roberto Enriquez remains in the home of the Chilean ambassador in Caracas, the Foreign Ministry added in its statement. ",1
17839,Trump to announce broad Iran strategy this week: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will make an announcement this week on an  overall Iran strategy,  including whether to decertify the international deal curbing Tehran s nuclear program, the White House said on Tuesday.  He ll make that later this week,  White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters when asked about the certification decision and the administration s broader strategy on Iran. Trump, who has called the 2015 pact agreed between Iran and six world powers an  embarrassment,  is expected to announce that he will decertify the deal ahead of an Oct. 15 deadline, a senior administration official said last week. Trump is also expected to designate Iran s most powerful security force, the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corp, as a terrorist organization as part of a new Iran strategy.  The president has reached a decision on an overall Iran strategy and wants to make sure that we have a broad policy to deal with ... all of the problems of Iran being a bad actor,  Sanders said. Trump accuses Iran of supporting terrorism and says the 2015 deal does not do enough to block its path to acquire nuclear weapons. Iran says it does not seek nuclear weapons and in turn blames the growth of militant groups such as Islamic State on the policies of the United States and its regional allies. The hawkish turn in U.S. policy toward Iran has alarmed many of its European allies. British Prime Minister Theresa May told Trump by phone on Tuesday that the deal was  vitally important for regional security.  German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel on Monday urged the United States  not to call into question such an important achievement that has improved our security.  France voiced concern on Tuesday that designating the Revolutionary Guards a terrorist group could exacerbate tensions in the region. If Trump declines to certify the Iran deal, U.S. congressional leaders would have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions on Tehran suspended under the agreement. Iranian authorities, who have said Tehran would not be the first to violate the accord, have stepped up their rhetoric against the Trump administration over the possible terrorist designation of the Revolutionary Guards.  The Americans have driven the world crazy by their behavior. It is time to teach them a new lesson,  Iranian armed forces spokesman Masoud Jazayeri said on Tuesday. ",1
17840,Catalan leader signs document declaring independence from Spain,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont and other regional politicians signed a document declaring Catalonia s independence from Spain, but it was unclear if the document would have any legal value.  Catalonia restores today its full sovereignty,  says the document, called  declaration of the representatives of Catalonia.   We call on all states and international organizations to recognize the Catalan republic as an independent and sovereign state. We call on the Catalan government to take all necessary measures to make possible and fully effective this declaration of independence and the measures contained in the transition law that founds the republic.  Puigdemont told the assembly earlier that the effects of the declaration would be suspended to allow time for talks to reach a negotiated solution to the standoff over the northeastern region. ",1
17841,Spain's Deputy PM to deliver address at 2020 GMT,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s deputy prime minister Soraya Saenz de Santamaria was due to make a speech at the prime minister s office in Madrid on Tuesday, after Catalan officials signed a document declaring independence from Spain, an official from the office said. It wasn t clear if the document had any legal value. Saenz de Santamaria was due to start speaking at 2020 GMT.  ",1
17842,Spain's Socialist leader to meet PM as Catalonia signs independence document,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spanish Socialist opposition leader Pedro Sanchez was on his way to meet Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy in Madrid on Tuesday, a spokeswoman for the party said, as Catalan officials signed a document declaring independence. It was not clear whether the document, which followed a largely symbolic declaration in parliament in Barcelona, had any legal basis. ",1
17843,Damaged A380 to be flown to France to investigate engine blast,"PARIS (Reuters) - French investigators are preparing for an intricate operation to repatriate an Air France Airbus A380 passenger jet that was forced to make an emergency landing in Canada after one of its engines came apart in mid-flight, people familiar with the maneuver said. The Airbus superjumbo diverted to Goose Bay in Labrador on Sept. 30 after one of its four engines exploded over Greenland, sending the front part of the engine including its 3-metre-wide fan into the ice sheet 37,000 feet below. More than 500 passengers and crew, some of whom had reported a bang and vibration, were picked up on two replacement jets after waiting for hours onboard due to problems in accommodating the world s largest airliner at the remote military airport. But the aircraft itself remained stranded while French-led investigators collected evidence and developed a plan for returning it to France. Making the roughly 2,300 nautical mile (4,260 km) trip will  need a switch in engines to help the mammoth jet fly smoothly. First, the rump of the broken engine will be taken off the wing and flown to Wales, where manufacturer General Electric can examine it at its Cardiff repair workshop, the people said. Then a spare engine will be mounted on the right wing in the same outer position as the damaged one. But this will only be used to balance the weight during flight and that engine will not be operable. The people declined to be quoted as the plans have not yet been announced. France s BEA accident agency declined comment. The operation to fetch the double-decker jet is not the only challenging errand triggered by the mid-air explosion. Some parts of the engine were retrieved by helicopter in Greenland on Oct. 6 and dispatched to BEA headquarters in Paris. But investigators still face a tricky search in uncertain weather conditions to try to find other missing elements before they are buried by snow. Although nobody was injured, the engine break-up has led to what could be a lengthy investigation to ensure other aircraft are not exposed to the risk of damage from high-speed engine debris. Experts say such incidents are very rare, however. GP7200 engines used on Air France A380s are made by Engine Alliance, co-owned by GE and Pratt & Whitney. In 2010 a Qantas A380 engine built by UK rival Rolls-Royce blew up shortly after take-off. Investigators cited a poorly manufactured part. ",1
17844,"Activist dedicates rights award to 'tortured, imprisoned' Egyptians","CAIRO (Reuters) - An Egyptian activist who is under criminal investigation for his human rights work on Tuesday dedicated an international rights award to the thousands of Egyptians he said had been tortured or imprisoned since veteran ruler Hosni Mubarak was overthrown. Mohamed Zaree, 37, the Egypt office director of the Cairo Institute for Human Rights Studies, won the Martin Ennals Award, a prize given each year by a jury of 10 global rights groups. He is banned from traveling abroad so could not collect the award in person in Geneva, but spoke to the audience on Tuesday by video conference.  I do not view this honor as recognition of my work alone,  Zaree said.  Instead, this award belongs to the tens of thousands of Egyptian citizens who have been tortured, imprisoned, disappeared or killed over the last six years for nothing more than standing up to corruption and tyranny through peaceful means.   Egyptian rights activists accuse President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi of erasing freedoms won in the 2011 Arab Spring uprising that ended Mubarak s 30-year rule. Last year authorities reopened an investigation into non-governmental organizations that document abuses, which the government accuses of receiving foreign funding to spread chaos Since seizing power in mid-2013 from the Muslim Brotherhood, Sisi has presided over a crackdown on his Islamist opponents that has seen hundreds killed and many thousands jailed.  But the dragnet has since widened to include secular and liberal activists at the forefront of the 2011 uprising. Egypt says the measures are necessary for national security and that hundreds of soldiers and police have been killed.     Zaree s seat was empty in the audience but his wife, Shymaa Abd El Aziz, and two school-age daughters received the award presented by Kate Gilmore, United Nations Deputy High Commissioner for Human Rights, on his behalf. He faces charges that could carry a life in prison sentence for  receiving funds from foreign entities to harm national security  and has been banned from travel since May 2016. His wife tearfully said the last time he was interrogated they lied to their daughters and said he was going somewhere for work. She said that him winning the award gave them the courage to tell them the truth if he was arrested.  Within the context of the renewed crackdown on Egyptian human rights organizations, he has become a leading figure in Egypt s human rights movement,  the awards jury said.   Government pressure forced the Cairo Institute for Human Rights Studies to relocate its headquarters to Tunisia in 2014. The runners-up for the Martin Ennals Award were Karla Avelar, who founded El Salvador s first organization of transgender women, and FreeThe5KH, five Cambodian human rights activists who were recently released. The award s first recipient in 1994 was Chinese dissident Harry Wu. ",1
17845,Swiss police to expel two Tunisians linked to Marseille attacker,"PARIS/GENEVA (Reuters) - Switzerland is sending a Tunisian couple who include the brother of a man presumed to have killed two people in a knife attack at a French train station back to their home country for security reasons, Swiss federal police said on Tuesday. The couple were arrested in the Swiss town of Chiasso near the Swiss-Italian border on Sunday night where they sought asylum. They will detained pending their expulsion, Swiss federal police said, giving no date.  The man is known to foreign police services for his links with the jihadist terrorist movement. For now his role in the Marseille attack, if any, is not clear,  Swiss federal police said in a statement giving no names or ages for the couple. Earlier a source close to the investigation said on Tuesday that Swiss had detained two Tunisians wanted in connection with a deadly knife attack at Marseille train station on Oct. 1. Swiss police confirmed that one of the two detained is a brother of 29-year-old Ahmed Hannachi, who was shot dead by a French soldier after killing two young women outside the station in southern France. Authorities are investigating the attack as a  probable  terrorist act.  Hannachi s younger brother, Anis, was arrested in Italy earlier this month. More than 240 people have been killed in France since 2015 in attacks by assailants who pledged allegiance to, or said they were inspired by, the Islamic State group. Earlier this month, the French parliament adopted counter-terrorism legislation to increase police surveillance powers and make it easier to close mosques suspected of preaching hatred - a law which civil rights groups said would infringe on personal freedoms. ",1
17846,UK royal Kate makes first public appearance since pregnancy revealed,"LONDON (Reuters) - Kate, Britain s Duchess of Cambridge, made her first public appearance on Tuesday since it was announced she was pregnant, joining husband Prince William and his brother Harry at events to mark World Mental Health Day. Last month William and Kate announced they were expecting her third child and that as with her two previous pregnancies, she was suffering severe morning sickness. Last month, she was too ill to take her eldest child George to his first day at school because she was too unwell and her last public appearance had come at the end of August when she joined William and Harry on a visit to a public garden at Kensington Palace dedicated to their late mother Princess Diana. However, Kate, whose official title is the Duchess of Cambridge, showed no sign of the sickness that has forced her to cancel all engagements since then when she, William and Harry hosted a reception at Buckingham Palace on Tuesday to celebrate the efforts of those working Britain s mental health sector.   The duchess  condition is improving but she is still suffering from hyperemesis gravidarum. She is delighted to be able to be here tonight,  an aide said. Hyperemesis gravidarum can cause severe nausea and vomiting and requires supplementary hydration and nutrients. The condition forced Kate to be admitted to hospital in the early months of her pregnancy with George.  The couple s third baby will be fifth in line to the British throne, after grandfather Prince Charles, father William and elder siblings George, four, and Charlotte, two. William, Kate and Harry have made campaigning about mental health one of their priorities, with both royal brothers saying in recent months how their mother s death in a car crash when they were children had left deep emotional scars.  All three of us have seen that mental health is at the heart of so many of the issues we are passionate about,  William said in a speech to the reception.  ",1
17847,"Russia accuses U.S. of pretending to fight Islamic State in Syria, Iraq","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia accused the United States on Tuesday of pretending to fight Islamic State and of deliberately reducing its air strikes in Iraq to allow the group s militants to stream into Syria to slow the Russian-backed advance of the Syrian army. The Pentagon strongly denied the accusations, saying that the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State posts data every day on the number and result of strikes for the public to see. In the latest sign of rising tensions between Moscow and Washington, the Russian Defence Ministry said in a statement that the U.S.-led coalition had sharply reduced its air strikes in Iraq in September when Syrian forces, backed by Russian air power, had started to retake Deir al-Zor Province.  Everyone sees that the U.S.-led coalition is pretending to fight Islamic State, above all in Iraq, but continuing to allegedly fight Islamic State in Syria actively for some reason,  said Major-General Igor Konashenkov, a spokesman for Russia s defense ministry. The result, he said, had been that militants had moved in large numbers from Iraqi border areas to Deir al-Zor where they were trying to dig in on the left bank of the River Euphrates.  The actions of the Pentagon and the coalition demand an explanation. Is their change of tack a desire to complicate as much as they can the Syrian army s operation, backed by the Russian air force, to take back Syrian territory to the east of the Euphrates?,  asked Konashenkov.  Or is it an artful move to drive Islamic State terrorists out of Iraq by forcing them into Syria and into the path of the Russian air force s pinpoint bombing?  In Washington, Pentagon spokesman Colonel Robert Manning described the Russian accusations as  absolutely false .  We remain committed to killing ISIS and denying them safe havens and the ability to carry out strikes in the region or globally,  Manning said, using an acronym for Islamic State. Konashenkov added that Syrian troops were in the midst of trying to push Islamic State out of the city of al-Mayadin, southeast of Deir al-Zor, but that IS tried daily to reinforce its ranks there with  foreign mercenaries  pouring in from Iraq. ",1
17848,"Russian military jet crashes on takeoff in Syria, crew killed: agencies","MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Russian military jet crashed while taking off from Russia s Hmeymim air base in Syria on Tuesday in an incident that killed its two-man crew, Russia s Defense Ministry said, Russian news agencies reported. The Sukhoi-24 attack aircraft, codenamed Fencer by the NATO military alliance, was heading out on a combat mission, but its crew failed to eject after the plane veered off the runway, the ministry was cited as saying. A technical fault may have been to blame, the ministry said.  Russia has used the Hmeymim base in Latakia Province to launch air strikes against opponents of President Bashar al-Assad since it first intervened in the Syrian conflict in September 2015. Russia lost two other planes - a Sukhoi-33 and a MiG-29 - off the coast of Syria last year in accidents involving its sole aircraft carrier, the Admiral Kuznetsov.   ",1
17849,Swiss say to expel two Tunisians with link to Marseille attacker,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Switzerland is sending a Tunisian couple who include the brother of the presumed knife attacker at Marseille train station in France back to their home country for security reasons, Swiss federal police said on Tuesday. Earlier on Tuesday a source close to the investigation said police detained two Tunisians on Sunday wanted in connection with the attack on Oct. 1 in which the assailant was shot dead by a French soldier after killing two young women. ",1
17850,"In rightward shift, Dutch PM seals new government pact","THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte sealed a deal to form a new coalition government on Tuesday, announcing a major tax overhaul and steering the Netherlands towards the political right. The four-party coalition talks were the country s longest since World War Two, overtaking a record of 208 days set in 1977 as the parties struggled to bridge wide differences. Among the issues discussed in often fraught debates were migration   a topic which dominated the national election in March in which the anti-Islam party of Geert Wilders finished second   taxation and euthanasia.  It took a long time, but we have an ambitious and balanced plan that will benefit all,  Rutte said, presenting the pact. Rutte, who leads the liberal VVD party, will head his third government since coming to power in 2010. He is due to start picking his cabinet on Friday, the day after parliament debates the government pact, and have his team installed by the end of this month. The coalition will have a more rightwing hue than the outgoing government of the VVD and the centre-left Labour party. The independent budget office said the government s plans would increase growth in gross domestic product (GDP) by 0.2 percentage points annually through 2021, with average growth forecast at 2 percent. But despite being able to reap the benefits of the strongest Dutch economic expansion in a decade, at over 3 percent, the new government may struggle to promote its political agenda, given its wafer-thin, one-seat majority in both houses of parliament.  Among the most important plans of the new coalition   which comprises the VVD, the centrist D66 and conservative Christian parties CDA and Christian Union   is a large tax overhaul, with a cut in income taxes worth around 6 billion euros ($7.1 billion) that will benefit the wealthy and middle classes. The coalition also aims to lower the corporate tax rate, from 25 to 21 percent, which will be partly offset by higher taxes on food and a scaling-back of tax breaks for homeowners. The largest employers  association said the plans would make the Netherlands more attractive for international companies.  The dividend tax is going to be totally abolished. That s especially beneficial for foreign investors,  said Marcel Klok, a senior economist at ING bank. Lowering taxes for households and companies will bring higher consumer spending and employment that will support the wider economy.  It is becoming more rewarding to work and that is one of the main aims of this government.  However, labour unions said the plans would raise the cost of living,  while companies  shareholders are being pampered . The coalition does not include Wilders  party and, while a greater focus on national identity is part of its agenda, a clampdown on migration is not. The four parties have agreed to limit financial allowances for asylum seekers in the first two years of their stay, though the Netherlands plans to admit several hundred refugees per year more than until now.     Government plans also include higher taxes for polluters and the promise to shut all five coal-fired energy plants in the country by 2030. This should help lower emissions of carbon dioxide in 2030 to 49 percent of the level reached in 1990. That goal seems unfeasible, environmental group Greenpeace said.  Coal plants will be allowed to run 10 years longer than necessary, while other plans to reduce emissions remain vague.    A plan by D66 to extend euthanasia will not get the full support of the coalition since the CDA and Christian Union oppose the idea.   ",1
17851,Dutch government rolls out carpet for business with tax cuts,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The incoming Dutch government rolled out the red carpet for big business on Tuesday, firming up plans to lower the corporate tax rate to 21 percent and scrap a 15 percent tax on dividends. As part of the biggest tax overhaul in years, it also introduced a tax on royalties in a bid to counter a reputation for abetting tax avoidance by housing shell companies that act as a conduit for money destined for tax havens.  I do feel we should be much tougher on mailbox companies ... and we are going to do that,  Prime Minister Mark Rutte told a news conference at the parliament building.  At the same time if there are serious companies that want to have their headquarters in the Netherlands, we d love to have them,  he said. He said Britain s decision to leave the European Union gave the Netherlands a chance to attract firms based in Britain but seeking a European headquarters. The corporate tax rate will be lowered incrementally each year. Other proposals are targeted to go into effect by 2019, after approval by parliament. The Netherlands is favored by multinationals and is currently battling a fine from the EU for giving Starbucks tax advantages that amounted to state aid. Google and Apple route money there and reinvest it abroad rather than repatriating it to the United States where it would be subject to higher tax rates. The Netherlands is also popular with rock stars such as the Rolling Stones and U2 who until now have benefited from the country s favorable treatment of royalties. Tax experts said the package of reforms was a mixed picture.  Reducing the corporate tax benefits all businesses and getting rid of dividend withholding is aimed at making the Netherlands more interesting for foreign investors,  said Rudolph de Vries, a tax adviser at Ernst & Young and professor at Leiden University. He said the reduction in corporate taxes will be partially offset by another reform in the works: a move to limit the deductibility of debt. Marcel Klok, senior economist at ING, said the rules will lead to about 1.3 billion euros in missed tax revenues from  foreign companies, to a large extent due to the abolition of dividend taxes.  He noted the lower corporate tax rate of 21 percent, while a significant cut from 25 percent, is just slightly below the EU average of 21.5 percent.  It seems like the Netherlands is shifting towards doing what the OECD and other international partners are asking for, so going in the direction of having less exemptions,  he said.  But because they are reducing some tariffs and other measures the net effect is very beneficial for foreign firms to come and invest here.  Alexander Pechtold, the leader of one of the junior parties in Rutte s new four-party coalition, said mailbox companies and others taking advantage of loopholes in the tax code  will be better off elsewhere .  You have these singers who are doing all these fabulous charitable things from the money they are not paying in taxes,  he said.  We will now take care of the charitable causes ourselves directly, without the singers in between.  ",1
17852,Catalan leader calls for reduced tensions,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - The leader of Catalonia s government called on Tuesday for a reduction in tensions in its standoff with Madrid over a bid in the wealthy northeastern region for independence from Spain.  With our differences and discrepancies, we make up one people,  Carles Puigdemont told the regional parliament in Barcelona. ",1
17853,CIA official tells jury about day 'all hell broke loose' in Benghazi,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A CIA operative told a jury on Tuesday about the terror he experienced in 2012 when militants attacked the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya, and described how he recovered the body of U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens. The operative, who testified in what the judge described as  light disguise  under the pseudonym  Alexander Charles,  was the latest witness to appear in the trial of Ahmed Abu Khatallah, who is accused of orchestrating the Sept. 11, 2012, attack that killed Stevens and three other Americans. Charles said  all hell broke loose  shortly after he arrived at the CIA annex in Benghazi, which came under mortar fire. The mortars killed Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods, and gravely injured two other Americans.  You could feel the whole ground shaking,  Charles said, describing the attack.  Big blocks of cement (were) falling.  He added that he thought it would be his  last night on this Earth.  Had the attacks continued, he said, he and the others would have been  buried alive.  Khatallah was captured in 2014 in Libya by a team of U.S. military and FBI officials and taken to the United States aboard a Navy vessel.  The charges he faces include murder and providing material support to terrorists. Prosecutors say he helped organize the attacks, though he did not physically participate himself. He has pleaded not guilty. Since the trial opened last week, jurors have heard emotional testimony from State Department and CIA officials, offering a detailed behind-the-scenes look at what happened that night. A Bureau of Diplomatic Security agent last week told a harrowing story of how he tried to save Stevens and State Department staffer Sean Smith as they crawled on their bellies through thick black smoke. On Tuesday, Charles talked about how he helped put Doherty and Woods  bodies onto a truck waiting outside the annex, and how they worked to save State Department staffer David Ubben, whose leg was nearly blown off. Because he spoke Arabic, Charles was also able to recover another American s body, after he said that by  divine intervention,  he overheard a Libyan security official who was standing nearby ask other revolutionaries:  Should we tell him about the dead American in the hospital?  Charles said he approached the man and asked who he was referring to. About 15 minutes later, a body was delivered via ambulance in a body bag. Charles said he unzipped the bag, looked down and saw the ambassador s face. ",1
17854,'I feel like I'm going crazy:' migrant health crumbles in Greece,"ATHENS (Reuters) - A mental health emergency is unfolding in migrant camps on Greece s islands, fueled by poor living conditions, neglect and violence, charity Doctors Without Borders (MSF) said on Tuesday. Medical staff have seen a sharp increase in people trying to get help after attempting suicide, harming themselves or suffering psychotic episodes, it said in a report. More than 13,000 migrants and refugees, mostly Syrians and Iraqis fleeing years of war, are living in five camps on Greek islands close to Turkey, government figures show.  Four of those camps are holding two to three times as many people as they were designed for.  Every day our teams treat patients who tell us that they would prefer to have died in their country than be trapped here,  said Jayne Grimes, manager of MSF s mental health activities on the island of Samos. The charity said six or seven new patients had visited its clinic on the nearby island of Lesbos each week over the summer following suicide attempts, self-harm or psychotic episodes, 50 percent more than the previous three months. Violence which many experienced on the journey or in Greece was one factor aggravating mental distress, MSF said.   I know I need to find hope, but when the night falls and I see where I am, I feel like I m going crazy,  it quoted a Syrian man as saying. The 25-year-old said he was haunted by the images of people dying of hunger in front of him in the long-besieged town of Madaya.  I still remember the taste of the leaves and the smell of death,  he said. On Samos, more than 3,000 people are crammed into facilities designed to hold 700, and about 400 live in the woods. In one Lesbos camp, about 1,500 people are in makeshift shelters or tents without flooring or heating, the U.N. refugee agency says. In August, MSF found nearly three-quarters of new mental health patients on Lesbos needed to be referred to a psychiatrist, up from just over a third in the nine months from October 2016 to June 2017. The report quoted a 41-year-old man, who said he had been tortured in a Syrian prison. When he visited a Lesbos hospital, he said he was told he would have to wait eight months to see a psychiatrist.  When I heard that, I felt like dying,  he said. A 29-year-old Syrian woman, on Lesbos with her family, told the MSF researchers the uncertainty over the future was  crushing us. It is killing us inside.  While the number of arrivals to Greece has slowed significantly since a European Union deal with Turkey to block the route in March last year, a recent sharp rise in arrivals has put pressure on government-run facilities.  ",1
17855,German police arrest man after posting photo of child abuse victim,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - German authorities arrested a suspected child sex abuser on Tuesday after taking the extraordinary step of circulating a photograph of his 4-year-old victim found on the dark web, a prosecutor said. Bild newspaper said the suspect was identified on Monday evening when the child and her mother saw the images - posted online and shown on television - and went to their local police station. The man - identified in the media as the woman s 24-year-old boyfriend - was detained hours after the nationwide manhunt began, Frankfurt prosecutor Georg Ungefuk said. On Tuesday, a judge approved an arrest warrant and sent the suspect to pre-trial detention, a spokesman for the prosecutor s office said. The man s apartment in the Wesermarsch district of Lower Saxony was searched and evidence seized, officials said.  The suspect is believed to have seriously sexually abused the child a total of nine times, to have made films of the abuse and then distributed them,  Ungefuk said. He faces a possible prison sentence of up to 15 years if convicted of multiple counts of sexual abuse, according to the prosecutor s office. Experts had worked on the case since images of the abuse first appeared on the dark web - a part of the internet not accessible via search engines - in late July, he said, and authorities took the unusual step of distributing the photograph because they had run out of other options. Authorities were tipped about the case by foreign officials, who identified Germany as the likely location of the crime since a German television program could be heard in the background of one of the videos. Ungefuk said there was no link between this case and the Elysium platform, a child pornography network with 90,000 users whose suspected operator was arrested in July. Prosecutors in Hanover will now take over the case given that the alleged crime took place in Lower Saxony state. ",1
17856,Kenyan opposition leader withdraws from repeat presidential poll,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga withdrew on Tuesday from a  court-ordered re-run of the presidential election due on Oct. 26, saying the vote would not be free or fair and leaving President Uhuru Kenyatta as the only candidate. Kenyatta said the election would proceed as planned, promising to get more votes than he did in August and saying his party had no time for  empty rhetoric and divisive politics . The election board said on Twitter it was meeting and would communicate the way forward. But the announcements could further prolong nearly three months of political uncertainty that has worried citizens and blunted growth in Kenya, East Africa s biggest economy and a staunch Western ally in a region roiled by conflict. An ally of Odinga called for nationwide protests from Wednesday, raising the prospect of more clashes between police and demonstrators.  For now though there was little sign that the demonstrations could boil over into ethnic clashes. Protests and ethnic violence killed 1,200 people after a disputed 2007 election. In his announcement, Odinga repeated previous criticism of the election board, called the Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission (IEBC), for not replacing some officials, who he blamed for irregularities in the Aug. 8 poll.  On Sept. 1, the Supreme Court nullified incumbent Kenyatta s win due to procedural irregularities and ordered a new election between Kenyatta against Odinga to be held within 60 days.  There is no intention on the part of the IEBC to undertake any changes to its operations and parts of the personnel to ensure that the illegalities and irregularities that led to the invalidation of 8th of August do not happen again,  Odinga told a news conference in the capital of Nairobi.   Indications are that elections scheduled for the 26th of October will be worse than the previous one,  he said.  In the interest of the people of Kenya, the region and world at large, we believe that all will be best served by (opposition alliance) NASA vacating the presidential candidature of elections.   Since the Supreme Court ruling, police have repeatedly used teargas to disperse small protests by the opposition demanding the election board change some officials.  Senator James Orengo, a key Odinga ally, called for countrywide protests after Odinga spoke.  Tomorrow all over the country there are going to be demonstrations the basis will be no reforms, no elections,  Orengo said.  Kenyatta told a political rally the election would proceed as planned and he was sure he would win again, citing the majority that his party won in both houses of parliament and among the country s 47 governors.   We have no problem going back to elections. We are sure we will get more votes than the last time,  Kenyatta said in the southern town of Voi, speaking in Kiswahili in a speech carried on local television. Among a series of comments later on Twitter, he said:  We don t have time for empty rhetoric and divisive politics. Our agenda is to fulfill our promises to the Kenyan people.  Murithi Mutiga, a senior Horn of Africa analyst for the global thinktank International Crisis Group, said the country looked headed for a protracted political stand-off that could rapidly escalate if there was a miscalculation by either side.  The economy has already been battered by months and months of endless electioneering and now we see a protracted stalemate.  Kenyatta will try everything to make sure the election goes ahead and Odinga might go back to the Supreme Court,  he said.    The political elites have really squandered the opportunity to consolidate the countries democracy ... both sides will inevitably try to assert themselves, including on the streets. We may see clashes between protesters and police. It looks grim.  On Monday, a Kenyan rights group said 37 people had been killed during protests immediately after the Aug. 8 election. Almost all of them had been killed by the police.  On Tuesday, legislators from the ruling party were debating proposed amendments to the election laws, which said if a candidate boycotted an election, the remaining candidate automatically wins.  Opposition legislators boycotted the session. The draft amendments require another reading and a presidential signature before they become law.  Ruling party legislators told Reuters on Monday that the amendments were designed to head off a constitutional crisis if Odinga pulled out of the election.  The uncertainty, combined with a regional drought and a slowdown in private sector credit, led the Kenyan government to trim this year s growth forecast from 5.9 percent to 5.5 percent last month.   We are not talking about a prolonged period of violence like we saw in 2007 and 2008 but more about a prolonged period of uncertainty about getting a government in place and the fiscal outlook,  said Kevin Daly, a member of the Aberdeen Standard Investments investment committee.   As a fixed income investor you worry not only about the growth story but also the fiscal outlook.   ",1
17857,Scotland can still offer choice on independence from UK: Sturgeon,"GLASGOW, Scotland (Reuters) - Nicola Sturgeon told her Scottish National Party on Tuesday that Britain s impending exit from the European Union strengthened the case for Scottish independence from the UK and that her party still has a mandate to offer a choice.  With the UK government so engulfed in chaos and taking the country down a path of self-imposed decline, the need to (make the case for independence) has never been greater,  she told the party faithful gathered in Scotland s biggest city, adding that it was not clear when a new vote would be held.  We have a mandate to give the people that choice,  she said.  That mandate was won fairly and squarely. But exercising it must be done with the interests of all of Scotland at heart.  However Sturgeon, who also heads the devolved Scottish government, saw her party lose more than a third of its seats in Britain s June election after it mistimed a push for another vote on secession. In a 2014 referendum, Scotland voted to stay part of the UK. Two years later, when Britain held its referendum on EU membership, Scots voted overwhelmingly to stay but Britain as a whole voted to leave. The SNP said the prospect of being dragged out of the EU against their will meant Scots should revisit the question of independence. But the wider public does not seem to have embraced the prospect of yet another vote on constitutional change. This summer the SNP put vote plans on hold, and much of the conference centered on measures   such as doubling childcare and banning fracking   aimed at seizing the initiative and squaring up to criticism that it has been ignoring day-to-day affairs. As Brexit drags on, support for the EU in Scotland is rising, according to polls, but backing for Sturgeon s independence proposal has stayed roughly where it was in 2014. Britain s economy has slowed sharply this year as consumers felt the pinch from rising inflation, caused largely by a fall in the value of the pound and by weak wage growth. Some delegates expressed concern at the limited traction that they feel Scotland has regarding Brexit, the biggest change in British politics in 40 years. Scotland and Wales are angry because they say they have not been given a meaningful role in the Brexit process, something the UK government denies. They are threatening to withhold legislative consent to the UK government s EU withdrawal bill which they say would water down their devolved powers. The bill, currently going through parliament in London, is designed to convert all existing EU laws into domestic ones and is part of Britain s plan to provide legal clarity before it parts ways with the EU.  I think the SNP is being very vocal and people like (Scotland s Brexit minister) Mike Russell are doing a good job,  said Mhairi McCabe, 58, a retired food safety expert.  But I don t think they are being listened to. It s quite frustrating.  Infighting within the British government over the shape of Brexit means nothing can be taken for granted, Sturgeon has said, and Scotland will use the opportunity to continue to argue for the UK to stay in the European single market. ",1
17858,Germany may not agree new coalition until next year: Merkel ally,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany may need to wait until next year for a new government as the three blocs trying to form an alliance are so far apart they will need a deeply detailed coalition deal, a senior Bavarian ally of Chancellor Angela Merkel has told Reuters. Alexander Dobrindt, parliamentary floor leader of the Christian Social Union (CSU), said a coalition agreement would have to be more precise than the one that accompanied the right-left grand coalition in the last parliament.  After 12 years in power, Merkel was humbled in last month s national election by a surge of the anti-immigrant far right and she must now broker a three-way coalition of her conservatives, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens - a combination previously untested at the federal level. The task is further complicated by the fact that Merkel s conservative bloc compromises her Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and the right-leaning Bavarian CSU, whose alliance has been strained by her open-door migrants policy. The conservative allies removed one obstacle to forming a new coalition on Sunday by agreeing a limit on the number of migrants arriving in Germany, sought by the CSU. But Dobrindt said in an interview with Reuters television that securing a three-way alliance would be difficult.  As we know that the points that separate us outweigh those we have in common, one can have doubts about whether a coalition agreement is possible this year,  he said.  It is conceivable that we can t complete in December and that final talks - if there even are any - will only possible next year.  The three-way tie-up - dubbed a  Jamaica  coalition after the black, green and yellow colors of the three party blocs that match the Caribbean nation s flag - is Merkel s only realistic option of forming a government. The center-left Social Democrats, her previous partners in an awkward  grand coalition , insist they now want to go into opposition. A Jamaica coalition was formed in the tiny western German state of Saarland in October 2009, but collapsed in January 2012. The same formation took power in the far northern region of Schleswig-Holstein after elections there in May this year. At a national level, the CDU/CSU, FDP and Greens have deep differences on issues ranging from migration to European Union reform, tax and the environment.  But Merkel, asked in an interview with the RND group of newspapers whether such a coalition could nonetheless come to pass, said the parties had a mandate from voters that they needed to take on.  It s our joint responsibility, our duty in fact, to form a government from that and to pursue sensible policies for our citizens and country. I think that s possible,  she said. Dobrindt said diverging opinions between the three parties meant they would have to nail down an in-depth deal.  We need, in a possible Jamaica coalition agreement, a significantly higher level of detail than was the case with the grand coalition,  he said.  The differences between the parties are big, so the agreements need to go deeper.  In their compromise struck on Sunday, the CDU and CSU agreed to limit to 200,000 the number of newcomers Germany would accept per year on humanitarian grounds. The FDP and Greens insist the conservatives  agreement cannot simply be copied into a coalition deal.  Senior Greens member Juergen Trittin accused the conservatives on Tuesday of violating Christian values because they wanted to keep suspending family reunifications for migrants granted subsidiary protection - those who do not qualify as refugees but need international protection. FDP deputy head Wolfgang Kubicki told Deutschlandfunk radio the conservative deal would not form the basis for cooperation and would not be implemented the way it had been agreed, saying:  That won t happen.  But Dobrindt, whose CSU is worried about losing its regional dominance in Bavaria s state election next year, said the allies  accord must be reflected in a coalition deal.  The regulations we have made in our joint paper -  Rules on Migration  - are of course an essential part of the negotiations and must also be found in a coalition agreement.  The intransigence of the CSU, Greens and FDP on the migrants issue points to difficult coalition talks that risk clouding the political outlook in Germany, which has been a source of stability in Europe during Merkel s tenure.  We want Europe to concentrate more on the big tasks and less on the small tasks,  Dobrindt said.  That means we must talk about bringing back responsibilities from Brussels to Germany - and the details of that will no doubt be difficult.   ",1
17859,Hundreds of suspected Islamic State militants surrender in Iraq: source,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Hundreds of suspected Islamic State militants surrendered last week to Kurdish authorities after the jihadist group was driven out of its last stronghold in northern Iraq, a Kurdish security official said on Tuesday. The suspects were part of a group of men who fled toward Kurdish-held lines when Iraqi government forces captured the Islamic State base in Hawija, the official told Reuters, asking not to be identified. The report of the Sunni Muslim militants fleeing, rather than fighting to the finish as in previous battles, suggested their morale may be crumbling, according to Hisham al-Hashimi, a Baghdad-based expert on Islamic State affairs.  They no longer seem to believe in the cause,  Hashimi, who met some of those who surrendered in the Dibis camp near Kirkuk, told Reuters.  He said they had fled to the Kurdish-held region to avoid summary executions at the hands of vengeful Sunni Arab tribesmen and Iranian-trained and armed Shi ite Muslim paramilitaries who assisted the Iraqi army s offensive on Hawija.   Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi released an audio recording two weeks ago that indicated he was alive, after several reports he had been killed. He urged his followers to keep up the fight despite setbacks in Iraq and Syria.  Approximately 1,000 men surrendered over the last week. Not all, however, are terrorists,  said the security official in Erbil, the northern Iraqi base of the autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government. They handed themselves in to Kurdish Peshmerga forces near the Kurdish-held oil city of Kirkuk, east of Hawija, he said.  It s fair to say hundreds probably are ISIS (Islamic State) members, but that will be clear after the debriefs.   The town of Hawija and surrounding areas fell on Oct. 5 in an offensive by U.S.-backed Iraqi government Shi ite paramilitary groups known as Popular Mobilisation, as well as Sunni tribal combatants. Islamic State s last territory in Iraq is now a stretch skirting the western border with Syria, including the border town of al-Qaim. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said on Tuesday this last piece of territory would be recaptured before the end of the year, marking the final defeat of the militants in Iraq. The militants also hold areas on the Syrian side of the border, but are retreating there in the face of two sets of hostile forces - a U.S.-backed, Kurdish-led coalition and Syrian government troops with foreign Shi ite militias backed by Iran and Russia. Islamic State s cross-border  caliphate  effectively collapsed in July when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces captured Mosul, the group s de facto capital in Iraq, in a nine-month battle. ",1
17860,"Philippines doctor linked to New York attack plot a 'regular, generous guy'","MANILA (Reuters) - A Filipino accused by the United States of being an Islamic State supporter involved in a foiled plot to mount gun and bomb attacks in the heart of New York City is a hospital doctor described by colleagues as a  kind and generous guy . U.S. prosecutors said on Friday they had charged 37-year-old Russell Salic with terrorism offences, alleging he helped fund a plot that included attacks on Manhattan s Times Square and the city s subway. Salic, who is in custody in the Philippines, denies involvement in the plot or links to Islamist extremists. Philippine authorities say they had been tracking Salic for some time, but gave conflicting accounts of his suspected ties to a local group loyal to Islamic State. Armed forces chief, General Eduardo Ano, said on Sunday that contacts between the doctor and extremists in the Middle East and Malaysia, mostly via social media, had been monitored, but no links had been found between Salic and the radical Maute group that has been engaged in nearly five months of battles with the military on the southern island of Mindanao. Military spokesman Restituto Padilla, however, said Salic had treated wounded Maute rebels in clandestine mountain training camps, and was known to them as  doc . Medical staff at the hospital where Salic worked in Cagayan de Oro City, in Mindanao, were shocked to learn about the U.S. charges against him.  I knew him when he was here, he was kind, generous, and a regular guy,  said one doctor reached by telephone, who declined to be named.  I would never suspect him to be a supporter of a terrorist organization. He is not that kind of person.  Another colleague said he had no idea that Salic had been in detention, noting that he had disappeared without explanation in April.  I thought he moved to another hospital after completing his residency,  he said.  Salic had, in fact, surrendered to the Philippine authorities in April, when he learned that he was wanted by the United States. He is in the custody of the Philippines National Bureau of Investigation. U.S. authorities have charged him with seven offences,  including conspiracy to commit acts of terrorism and to support a terrorist organization. The most serious of the charges he faces carry a maximum sentence of life in prison.   Since giving himself up, Salic has also been charged by the Philippines with involvement in the kidnapping of six sawmill workers by the Maute group in Mindanao in April 2016. Two of those captives were beheaded a few days after the abduction. Salic was implicated by one of the freed hostages, according to the Philippine authorities. Salic s lawyer, Dalonilang Parahiman, on Monday dismissed links between his client and the Maute group and said it was impossible the doctor had been involved in the kidnappings.  He has proofs, including his daily time record, to show he was at the hospital in Cagayan de Oro, which is about 200 kilometers away,  Parahiman said. The Philippines  Justice Department said the process to extradite Salic to the United States was under way. It did not say whether it would complete the kidnap and murder case against him first. According to documents unsealed in federal court in Manhattan on Friday, Salic had repeatedly expressed his support for a major attack on New York to an undercover agent, and said he was  desperate  to join Islamic State in Syria. Salic was in regular contact via text messages with that agent and Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy, one of the two men who planned to carry out the attacks, the documents said. Salic had transferred the equivalent of $423 to fund bomb-making materials for the attack, and indicated his intention to send more later, according to the charges. Canadian El Bahnasawy, 19, had described Salic, who he knew as  Abu Khalid  and  the doctor , as a trusted supporter of Islamic State, who had provided funding to the group on previous occasions, according to the U.S. charges. El Bahnasawy was arrested in New Jersey in May 2016 and pleaded guilty to terrorism charges. Another alleged conspirator, American Talha Haroon, also 19, was arrested in Pakistan around September 2016.  Salic told the undercover agent he would pray for the success of the attack, describing New York as the capital of non-believers.  It would be a great pleasure if we can slaughter  people in New York, he was quoted telling the agent. ",1
17861,EU to review Brexit approach if no deal by December: Tusk,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union will have to reconsider its Brexit strategy if Britain fails to improve its offers to Brussels significantly by the end of the year, European Council President Donald Tusk said on Tuesday. Effectively ruling out that EU leaders will agree to British demands to open talks on a future free trade pact when Tusk chairs a summit with Prime Minister Theresa May in Brussels next week, he said he still hoped for such a move in December. Responding to renewed suggestions from May s government that Britain could simply leave the EU in March 2019 without a negotiated settlement, Tusk said the EU was not working on a  no deal  scenario. But he warned that if, by the end of this year, progress was still slow then it would be time to think again.     EU negotiators have stepped up contingency planning for a breakdown in talks and warn that time is short to agree even a basic divorce treaty. The more time passes, the less likely they can negotiate the kind of  bespoke  transition and future close trading relationship that May says she wants.  We hear from London that the UK government is preparing for a  no deal  scenario,  Tusk told EU regional leaders in Brussels.  The EU is not working on such a scenario. We are negotiating in good faith, and we still hope that the so-called  sufficient progress  will be possible by December.   However, if it turns out that the talks continue at a slow pace, and that  sufficient progress  hasn t been reached, then   together with our UK friends   we will have to think about where we are heading.  Though Tusk did not specify what that might mean, EU officials say that without agreement to move into a second phase of talks on the future early next year, there will be insufficient time to negotiate much more than a very limited exit treaty. May lent new impetus to negotiations by making concessions in a speech at Florence last month, but a new round of talks in Brussels this week ahead of the summit is not expected to even touch on how much London may pay on Brexit   the biggest of three key areas on which the EU demands  sufficient progress . The other 27 national leaders could offer May some hope of opening trade and transition talks in December, which could help in her struggle with party rivals pushing for a clean break  hard Brexit , diplomats say. But Tusk s warning is an indication that May should not expect the EU to ease up much. This week has seen some sign of public tension. May said on Monday that the  ball  was in the EU s court to make concessions and the European Commission retorted that it was in Britain s. Pressed further on the sporting metaphor on Tuesday, EU negotiator Michel Barnier told reporters after what he called a  constructive  lunch with British Brexit Secretary David Davis:  Brexit is not a game.  Further  technical talks  among officials were scheduled for Wednesday, as British officials rejected suggestions that they had not been available to negotiate. The day had originally been left blank on the schedule agreed by the two sides. ",1
17862,Spain's creditors size up cost of Catalan independence bid,"LONDON (Reuters) - Investors who lend billions of euros to Spain every year are  struggling to sketch out the repercussions for the country s finances of a possible independence proclamation by the wealthy region of Catalonia.  Regional leader Carles Puigdemont prepared to address on Tuesday a parliamentary session that may unilaterally declare independence from Spain following a banned referendum on Oct. 1. Such a move would drive a wedge between the Spanish government and a region that makes up a fifth of the country s economic output and more than a quarter of its exports. As one fund manager told Reuters, working out how all this will pan out for the euro zone s fourth largest economy is  so complicated it makes Brexit look like a walk in the park,  but here are some of the best guesses so far: This is the scenario - considered unlikely by many analysts   that could prove most damaging to Spain s overall financial position, its economy and government borrowing costs.  Secession would be also expected to harm Catalonia s economy, while uncertainty is likely to push up bond yields in both a newly-independent state as well as for Spain.  According to ABN AMRO, Catalan independence could raise Spain s government-debt ratio to as high as 115 percent of GDP from current levels around 99 percent - leapfrogging Cyprus and Belgium to have the fourth largest debt load in the euro area. However, Catalonia has said it would take responsibility for its share of central government debt, reducing the burden on Spain. But the real problem would be how Spain would balance its books without Catalonia s contribution. At roughly 4.5 percent of GDP in 2016, Spain already has the highest budget deficit in the euro zone. Fathom Consulting said if Catalonia leaves, the economic shock could see the budget deficit run to nearly 7 percent in a couple of years - back to levels seen in the wake of the euro zone debt crisis. ABN AMRO forecasts a deficit of 5.5-6 percent.    Many analysts expect the likely outcome of Spain s worst political crisis in decades will be greater devolution of powers to Catalonia like those enjoyed by the Basque country.  But generous fiscal autonomy from Madrid could come at considerable cost to the public purse. According to a 2014 study by research house CSIC, the Spanish state could lose about 16 billion euros. That would equal about 13 percent of next year s budget.   It would be painful economically,  said Tim Davis, chief investment strategist at Fathom Consulting.  The budget deficit in Spain would increase and then you would need to see some kind of additional austerity to plug that gap or you would start to see bond yields rise.     It does not seem there is any outcome that leaves Spain s economy unscathed.  Rating agencies have already said the tensions alone could have negative consequences for Spain s credit rank, deterring investment and weakening the ability of Spain s minority Popular Party government to implement national policy. The crisis already looks to have claimed its first victim: a delay in passing the 2018 budget. Tensions will only increase if Catalonia defies Madrid and declares independence over the coming days. One of the tools at Spain s disposal is to trigger Article 155 of the constitution, which would allows it to take control of devolved powers.   (This story has been refiled to remove erroneous word in paragraph 3.) ",1
17863,Catalan parliament session delayed for talks between parties,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Tuesday s session of the Catalan parliament at which regional leader Carles Puigdemont could unilaterally declare the region s independence from Spain has been delayed, a parliament spokeswoman said. Organisers of the political parties in the assembly are holding a meeting, she said.  Local media said the delay could be the result of disagreements within the pro-independence coalition on how far Puigdemont s speech should go in declaring a split from Spain. ",1
17864,Pentagon says diplomatic tension with Turkey not affecting military operations,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A diplomatic dispute between Turkey and the United States has not affected military operations or personnel out of Turkey, the Pentagon said on Tuesday.  I can confirm that these developments have not impacted our operations or personnel,  Pentagon spokesman Colonel Robert Manning told reporters.  The Turkish air force base in Incirlik continues to fulfill an important role supporting NATO and coalition efforts.  He said that Turkey was a close NATO ally and the U.S. would continue to coordinate joint and separate military activities with Ankara. ",1
17865,"Google uncovered Russia-backed ads on YouTube, Gmail : source","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Google has discovered Russian operatives spent tens of thousands of dollars on ads on its YouTube, Gmail and Google Search products in an effort to meddle in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, a person briefed on the company s probe told Reuters on Monday. The ads do not appear to be from the same Kremlin-affiliated entity that bought ads on Facebook Inc (FB.O), but may indicate a broader Russian online disinformation effort, according to the source, who was not authorized to discuss details of the confidential investigation by Alphabet Inc s (GOOGL.O) Google.  Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) said separately on Monday that it was looking at whether Russians bought U.S. election ads on its Bing search engine or other Microsoft-owned products and platforms. A spokeswoman for the company declined to comment further.  The revelation about Google is likely to fuel further scrutiny of the role that Silicon Valley technology giants may have unwittingly played during last year s election. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Moscow s goal was to help elect Donald Trump. Google has uncovered less than $100,000 in ad spending  potentially linked to Russian actors, the source said. Both Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) and Facebook recently detected and disclosed that suspected Russian operatives, working for a content farm known as the Internet Research Agency in St. Petersburg, Russia, used their platforms to purchase ads and post content that was politically divisive in a bid to influence Americans before and after the November 2016 presidential election.  The Internet Research Agency employ hundreds of so-called  trolls  who post pro-Kremlin content, much of it fake or discredited, under the guise of phony social media accounts that posed as American or European residents, according to lawmakers and researchers.  Facebook announced last month it had unearthed $100,000 in spending by the Internet Research Agency and, under pressure from lawmakers, has pledged to be more transparent about how its ads are purchased and targeted.  Google s review had been more robust than ones undertaken so far by Facebook or Twitter, the source said.  Russia s ad purchases on Google were first reported by the Washington Post. Google did not deny the story, and in a statement pointed to its existing ad policies that limit political ad targeting and prohibit targeting based on race or religion.  We are taking a deeper look to investigate attempts to abuse our systems, working with researchers and other companies, and will provide assistance to ongoing inquiries,  a Google spokeswoman said on Monday. Google, which runs the world s largest online advertising business, had largely evaded public or congressional scrutiny until now. On Sunday, the Daily Beast news website reported that the Kremlin recruited at least two black video bloggers to post clips on YouTube during the campaign. They posed as Black Lives Matter sympathizers who were sharply critical of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. Though the videos were only viewed hundreds of times, they demonstrated for the first time that Russia allegedly deployed real people, not just fake online accounts or bots, to further spread propaganda. Congressional committees have launched multiple investigations into Russian interference, but concern about Silicon Valley s role has surged over the past month against the backdrop of a cascade of revelations about how Russia appears to have leveraged their platforms to spread propaganda. A study published on Monday by researchers with the Oxford Internet Institute, which is affiliated with the British university, found that current U.S. military personnel and veterans were targeted by disinformation campaigns on Twitter and Facebook over the past year by a nexus of pro-Kremlin, Russian-oriented sites, along with conspiracy theorists and European right-wing ideologues. Both Republican and Democratic lawmakers have said Russia intended to sow discord in the United States, spread propaganda and sway the election. Some Democrats plan to introduce legislation to require internet companies to disclose more information about political ad purchases on their platforms.   If Vladimir Putin is using Facebook or Google or Twitter to, in effect, destroy our democracy, the American people should know about it,  Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal said Monday on MSNBC.  Google officials have been invited to testify publicly about Russian attempts to use their platforms to influence the election before both the House and Senate intelligence committees on Nov. 1 alongside Facebook and Twitter. While Facebook and Twitter have confirmed plans to attend, Google has not.  ",1
17866,Microsoft looks at whether Russians bought U.S. ads on search engine,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp said on Monday it was looking into whether Russians bought U.S. election ads on its Bing search engine or on other Microsoft-owned products and platforms, after rival Google said it had discovered such ads on its products.  We take reports of misuse of our platform seriously. We are therefore investigating and if inappropriate activity is found, we will take steps to minimize such misuse in the future,  a Microsoft representative said in an email to Reuters. ",1
17867,Iraq PM Abadi expects Islamic State's complete defeat in Iraq this year,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Islamic State will be completely defeated in Iraq this year, Iraqi state television quoted Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi as saying on Tuesday. Islamic State s cross-border  caliphate  effectively collapsed in July, when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces captured Mosul, the group s de facto capital in Iraq, after a nine-month battle. The group s last territory in Iraq is now a stretch skirting the western border with Syria following the fall of the town of Hawija and surrounding areas on Oct. 5 in an offensive by U.S.-backed Iraqi forces. ",1
17868,EU should not mediate in Catalan crisis: France's Macron,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - The European Union should not mediate in the secession crisis in Spain s northern region of Catalonia as Madrid is able to handle the situation, French President Emmanuel Macron said on Tuesday. Macron was speaking ahead of a possible proclamation of independence later on Tuesday by Carles Puigdemont, president of the Catalan regional government, that would aggravate Spain s worst political crisis since an attempted military coup in 1981.  Why are Europe, France and Germany not interfering in the Catalan issue? Because Europe is made up of sovereign states,  Macron said on a visit to Frankfurt, Germany, where he later met Chancellor Angela Merkel.  If I were to intervene in the Catalan matter it would be interfering in the domestic affairs of Spain and that would be intolerable for the prime minister and for the Spanish monarch.  Macron backed Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy in his standoff with the secessionists.  I don t have the feeling that they are being oppressed,  he said.  That is why I continue to hold firm to this line in my declarations of support for Mariano Rajoy - because if I don t there will be disintegration,  he said in a debate before university students. ",1
17869,Malaysia's royals call for religious tolerance in rare public intervention,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysia s royals made a rare intervention into public affairs on Tuesday, calling for unity and religious harmony after what they described as  excessive actions  in the name of Islam. Members of minorities have expressed concern in recent months about what they see as intolerance in Malaysia, which is 60 percent Muslim with sizable Buddhist, Christian and Hindu communities. In a statement issued on Tuesday and reported by state news agency Bernama, the nine sultans who serve as hereditary titular heads of individual Malaysian states said people must respect the constitutional principle that Malaysia is a multi-ethnic and multi-confessional country.  It is feared that the excessive actions of certain individuals of late can undermine the harmonious relations among the people of various races and religions,  said the statement signed by the Keeper of the Rulers  Seal, Syed Danial Syed Ahmad, according to the Bernama report.  The Rulers feel that the issue of harmony has deep implication if any action is associated with and undertaken in the name of Islam.  The comments, which come ahead of a gathering of the Conference of Rulers starting on Wednesday, are unusual as the sultans largely assume a ceremonial role and rarely speak on the functioning of the state or society. The statement referred to the opening of Muslim-only launderettes reported to have appeared in southern Johor state and northern Perlis state. Other instances which have made headlines in Malaysia in recent months, although they were not referred to directly in the royals  statement, include bans on beer festivals and censorship of films and music.   Unity among Malaysia s multi-ethnic and multi-religious people is key to ensuring the country s ongoing stability,  the statement said. ",1
17870,"Israel says Hezbollah runs Lebanese army, signaling both are foes","JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel said on Tuesday that the Hezbollah guerrilla group, its most potent enemy in neighboring Lebanon, had gained control over that country s U.S.-sponsored conventional military, signaling both would be in Israeli gunsights in any future war. Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman s remarks were a hard tack from more measured recent Israeli estimates that the Lebanese army maintained autonomy even if some of its troops cooperated with the better-armed, Iranian-aligned guerrillas. Outlining potential threats in Lebanon, where Israel last fought a war against Hezbollah in 2006, Lieberman said in a speech:  We are no longer talking about Hezbollah alone .   We are talking about Hezbollah and the Lebanese army, and to my regret this is the reality. The Lebanese army has turned into an integral part of Hezbollah s command structure. The Lebanese army has lost its independence and become an inseparable part of the Hezbollah apparatus,  Lieberman said. There was no immediate response from Lebanon, which is formally in a state of war with Israel, nor from the U.S. embassies in Beirut and Tel Aviv.  The Lebanese army has previously said it operates independently from Hezbollah, most recently during an operation against Islamic State militants at the Lebanese-Syrian border, during which the army said there was absolutely no coordination with Hezbollah fighters who attacked IS from the Syrian side. Hosting Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri in July for aid talks, U.S. President Donald Trump praised Beirut s efforts to stem the spread of Islamic State and pledged continued help from Washington.  America s assistance can help ensure that the Lebanese army is the only defender Lebanon needs,  Trump said.     The Pentagon said Washington has provided Lebanon with more than $1.5 billion in military assistance since 2006, and that    U.S. special forces have been providing  training and support  for the Lebanese army since 2011.  Strengthening the LAF (Lebanese Armed Forces) also advances a range of U.S. interests in the Middle East that includes not only countering the spread of ISIS (Islamic State) and other violent extremists but also stemming the influence of Iran and Hezbollah in the region,  Pentagon spokesman Eric Pahon said. While welcoming U.S. action against Islamic State, Israel sees Iran, Hezbollah and their allies as the greater threat and worries about their entrenchment in Syria as they help President Bashar al-Assad beat back a more than six-year-old rebellion. Lieberman said Israel sought to avoid going to war again on its northern front, which, he predicted, would include Syria.       In anything that transpires, it will be one theater, Syria and Lebanon together, Hezbollah, the Assad regime and all of the Assad regime s collaborators,  he said.       ",1
17871,Factbox: What do laws say about Catalan self-determination?,"MADRID - Catalan regional leader Carles Puigdemont planned on Tuesday to address a session of the regional parliament that might adopt a unilateral declaration of independence from Spain.  Below are the main points of the Catalan legal framework that permitted the Oct. 1 referendum on independence and would underpin a new state before a constitution is established. Spain s Constitutional Court has suspended the new laws. WHAT DOES LEGISLATION SAY ABOUT DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE? Legislation passed in the Catalan parliament on Sept. 6 states that the outcome of the referendum is binding, and if it produces more affirmative than negative votes, this implies the independence of Catalonia.  Within two days of the official announcement of the result of the referendum, the Catalan parliament will formally declare independence, explain the effects of the decision and start the process of founding a republic.                  The legislation describes Catalonia as  a social and democratic republic of law , in which the people of the region are sovereign. It says European Union and international law continue to apply, and defines the sovereign territory of Catalonia.  The law says EU rules in force in Catalonia when independence is declared, whether enforced by national or regional institutions, will continue to apply under the same conditions established by the law of the bloc. It also says EU laws passed after an independent state is declared will be automatically integrated into Catalan law. Not clear. A break from Spain would leave Catalonia outside the EU, but it could aim to continue using the euro, as non-EU members Kosovo and Montenegro do. Exit from the bloc would mean Catalan lenders cease to be supervised by the European Central Bank, whose deposit insurance scheme protects bank customers.   HOW WOULD CATALONIA MANAGE TRADE RELATIONS AND IMMIGRATION?  The exact terms of future trade relationships have not been set out, but the legislation says the Catalan government acts in accordance with the customs and excise regime set out in EU law.   International treaties signed by Spain are incorporated into Catalan law provided that they are considered compatible with application there. The Catalan government will decide within one year which treaties to authorize. Foreigners have the same rights and obligations as Catalan citizens, but citizenship is required for those holding positions of public power. Anyone born in Catalonia who does not have any other legal citizenship is considered Catalan.    The current Supreme Court of Justice of Catalonia becomes the new Supreme Court of Catalonia. The current civil and criminal court is divided into separate civil and criminal chambers.  A Superior Court of Guarantees is created to handle any appeals and conflicts of jurisdiction. This consists of the chairman of the Supreme Court, the chairmen of the other four chambers and two judges appointed by parliament. Spanish citizens resident in Catalonia since before Dec. 31 2016 are deemed citizens, while those who took up residency after Dec. 31, 2016 but before the self-determination law takes hold can apply for citizenship after two years.  Those who were born in Catalonia, have Catalan parents or have lived in the region for at least five years in the past, but are not resident there, can also apply for citizenship. Babies born to or adopted by Catalan parents after independence is declared are considered citizens. Catalan citizenship can be acquired by legal and continuous residence in Catalonia for a period of five years immediately prior to the request. For foreigners, the legal residence time includes that which has elapsed before the law comes into force. An applicant to be a Catalan citizen does not have to give up their citizenship of Spain or any other country.  ",1
17872,Trump to host Singapore's prime minister Oct. 23 -White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will host Singapore s Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong at the White House on Oct. 23, the White House said in a statement on Tuesday. The visit is scheduled just ahead of Trump s scheduled trip to Asia in early November with stops in Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam and the Philippines. ",1
17873,Italy calls confidence vote on contested electoral law,"ROME (Reuters) - The Italian government called on Tuesday for confidence votes in the lower house of parliament to try to force through an electoral law that is likely to penalize the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement. The new voting law, which would be used in a national election due by next May, is backed by the ruling Democratic Party (PD), former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi s Forza Italia (Go Italy!) and the anti-migrant Northern League. Unlike the current rules, the new system, known as the Rosatellum, would allow the formation of broad coalitions before the ballot, a factor likely to hurt the maverick 5-Star, which refuses to join alliances. The party, which tops many opinion polls, says the Rosatellum could cost it up to 50 seats in parliament. It has called for protests on Wednesday, when the lower house is due to hold two confidence motions. A third vote is set for Thursday.  This is a mortal blow to democracy, a violation of democratic laws,  said Luigi Di Maio, the 5-Star s candidate for prime minister.  The aim is to destroy us.  Italy s political landscape is highly fragmented and successive governments have failed to reduce the nation s huge debt mountain and struggled to revive the economy. Investors fear political instability here could undermine the euro. President Sergio Mattarella, the only figure with the power to dissolve parliament, has demanded new voting rules be drawn up because at present there is too much divergence between the systems for electing members of the two houses of parliament. Previous efforts at reform have all ended in failure thanks to a matrix of conflicting interests. The latest version offers a mix of first-past-the-post and proportional representation, and gives party leaders a huge say over nominating candidates. Although the Rosatellum will likely hurt 5-Star, analysts say it looks unlikely to throw up a clear parliamentary majority, with opinion polls showing the center-left, center-right and 5-Star splitting the vote three ways. A government is obliged to resign if it loses a confidence vote so only deploys the motion if it thinks key legislation might get held up or radically altered without its intervention. In this case, the government motions will sweep away dozens of secret votes on various aspects of the law, which would have allowed disaffected parliamentarians from the traditional parties to sink the bill, as happened in June during a prior attempt to introduce new electoral rules. The ruling PD dismissed accusations that it was subverting democracy, saying there would still be one final secret vote on the whole package.  In this secret vote we will see if the law is good or bad,  said Ettore Rosato, the parliamentary party leader of the PD who has put his name to the reform.  This is the last chance we have to put in place an electoral law and we want to avoid, just weeks ahead of the ballot, any traps,  he told reporters. Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni hopes to get the bill through the lower house of parliament by the end of the week, after which it will go to the upper house Senate, where the government has no clearly defined majority. ",1
17874,Syrian rebels hand border crossing to opposition government,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A rebel group in northern Syria handed control of a major border crossing to a Turkey-backed Syrian opposition government on Tuesday, a senior rebel official said. By handing over the Bab Salama crossing at the Turkish border, the Jabha Shamiya rebel group aims to strengthen the opposition government and help put an end to factional rivalries, the head of its political office Khaled Aba said. He urged other rebels to follow Jabha Shamiya s example by handing over other crossings at the Turkish border.   The interim government is the solution for the liberated areas to put an end to terrorism, to put an end to factionalism and the state of division in the liberated areas,  said Aba, a member of the opposition delegation to Geneva peace talks. The Bab Salama crossing is the main gateway into an opposition-held area of the north where neighboring Turkey carved out a de facto buffer zone during a military incursion targeting Islamic State and Kurdish groups last year. Efforts have been underway in that area to merge and organize a plethora of rebel groups whose rivalries have led to factional fighting that has weakened the Syrian opposition throughout the conflict. Jabha Shamiya, a major force in Aleppo until the Syrian government and its allies defeated the opposition there last year, has joined a  national army  operating under the authority of the interim government s defense ministry, Aba said. It has also handed control of its training camps to the defense ministry, he said.  The opposition government is based out of the town of Azaz, a short distance from the Turkish border. Launched last year, Turkey s  Euphrates Shield  operation drove Islamic State out of a swathe of territory including the cities of al-Bab and Jarablus, preventing any further territorial gains by Kurdish groups deemed a threat by Ankara.     ",1
17875,Kenya president: elections will go ahead despite opposition leader's withdrawal,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta said on Tuesday that a re-run of August s nullified presidential election would go ahead as planned on Oct. 26 after opposition leader Raila Odinga said he was withdrawing from the  unfair  race.   We have no problem going back to elections. We are sure we will get more votes than the last time,  Kenyatta told a rally in the southern town of Voi, speaking in Kiswahili. ",1
17876,"Spain steps up security at Catalan airports, rail stations: source","MADRID (Reuters) - The Spanish government is reinforcing security at airports and rail stations in Catalonia before a meeting at which the regional leader could declare independence from Madrid, a police source said on Tuesday.  Catalan President Carles Puigdemont is due to address the regional parliament at 1600 GMT. ",1
17877,Trump may visit DMZ between North and South Korea: Yonhap,"SEOUL (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump may travel to the heavily fortified demilitarized zone (DMZ) separating North and South Korea when he visits South Korea next month, the South s Yonhap news agency said on Tuesday, citing a defense source. The White House sent an advance team of working-level officials in late September to check candidate sites for Trump s  special activity  in South Korea, the source was quoted as saying. Trump was expected to send a significant message to North Korea, either verbally or  kinetically , during his first trip to the peninsula as U.S. commander-in-chief, the source said. The truce village of Panmunjom and the observation post, both inside the DMZ, were among locations Trump was considering visiting, the source said. Yonhap did not elaborate and the White House did not comment. Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un have been engaged in an increasingly bellicose exchange of rhetoric, with Trump suggesting the military option was the only way to halt the North s missile and nuclear programs. A trip to the DMZ, following in the footsteps of his predecessor, Barack Obama, and Vice President Mike Pence, would bring Trump within yards of North Korean soldiers, who stand eyeball to eyeball with their South Korean enemies, and likely be regarded by the North as highly provocative.  In recent weeks, North Korea has launched two missiles over Japan and conducted its sixth nuclear test, all in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions, and may be fast advancing toward its well publicized goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. Trump repeatedly has made clear his distaste for dialogue with North Korea. Last week, he dismissed the idea of talks as a waste of time, a day after Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Washington was maintaining open lines of communication with Kim Jong Un s government.  Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years, giving billions of dollars & getting nothing. Policy didn t work!  the U.S. president said in a Twitter post on Monday. Reclusive North Korea and the rich, democratic South are technically still at war because their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty. The North regularly threatens to destroy the South and its main ally, the United States. Trump is scheduled to visit Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam and the Philippines starting from Nov. 3. ",1
17878,Soon-to-go-free jail convicts snared in French attack plot probe,"PARIS (Reuters) - Two French prison inmates who were soon to be freed have been  placed under investigation on suspicion of planning a terrorist attack and communicating by smartphone with Syria, stronghold of Islamic State militants. The news highlighted the risk, regularly flagged by rights groups and jail authorities, that crowded prisons offer fertile ground for religious radicalization and conversion to the cause of Islamist fighters, not only in France. It also prompted calls for a crackdown on use of smartphones  inside prisons.  The two, who were nearing the end of jail time for hold-ups and other criminal activity but not terrorist offences, were taken from their cells late last week and interrogated for four days before being placed formally under investigation for suspected terrorist activity, a judiciary official said. One element that prompted the authorities to act was the  interception of encrypted message traffic with Syria, a Fresnes prison staff representative, Cedric Boyer, said. The precise nature of what was being planned was not clear, he added. Conveying the seriousness of the perceived threat that the two constituted, Justice Minister Nicole Belloubet told Europe 1 radio:  What happened yesterday exposed the urgency of the situation.  French TV station LCI said the two were plotting attacks against jail wardens and police forces, while a source close to the investigation said they also had other targets planned. More than 240 people have been killed in France in attacks since the start of 2015 by assailants who pledged allegiance to, or were inspired by, Islamic State. France has a long record of radicalization in its prisons. Prison guards said the ease with which smartphones can be used to communicate secretively with the world outside was an increasing problem.  The government is going to have to put its hand in its pocket,  said Boyer, a representative of the Force Ouvriere labor union and guards at the Fresnes prison.  Extra staffing is needed but it s also a matter of keeping up with technology, being able to scramble 4G communications rather than staying stuck in the age of the Nokia 33-10,  Boyer told BFM TV, referring to latest technology and the days when mobile phones were a rudimentary novelty. ",1
17879,EU aims to reopen embassy in Libya,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union is seeking to reopen its embassy in Libya pending security conditions, officials said on Tuesday, offering further political support for the Tripoli government struggling to establish control. EU leaders will announce at their summit in Brussels on Oct. 19-20 that they  encourage work underway to rapidly establish a permanent EU presence in Libya , according to their draft joint statement seen by Reuters. But the statement makes clear no such move is imminent as it would be conditional on improving the security situation on the ground. The EU moved its mission to neighboring Tunisia in mid-2014 as security worsened in Libya amid escalating fighting between rival factions since the 2011 fall of longtime leader Muammar Gaddafi, ousted by rebels during a NATO bombing campaign.  Of 28 EU states, only Italy, Libya s former colonial master and still the most influential European state on the ground, has an embassy in the country, where the United Nations has officially recognized the government of Fayez Seraj. The EU has also engaged increasingly with Seraj, especially as it sought Libya s help in curbing the flow of African refugees and migrants, hundreds of thousands of whom have been boarding smugglers  boats on the coast of the lawless state to cross the Mediterranean for Europe.  The bloc has financed, equipped and trained Libya s border and coast guards, despite rights groups sounding alarm over grave abuses refugees and migrants suffer in Libya. ",1
17880,Macron determined to engage Germany in debate on Europe reforms,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Tuesday he is determined to engage Germany in a debate that he wants to push forward on European reforms, despite a cool initial response from Chancellor Angela Merkel.  I believe that, if you have a vision, you shouldn t go to the doctor but you should open a debate,  Macron said in Frankfurt, where he was due to meet Merkel and attend the opening of an annual book fair. Macron s visit is his first to Germany since Merkel narrowly won an election last month, losing votes to a far-right party that drew support from people angered by an influx of more than a million migrants over the past two years. The 39-year-old French president, in a speech two days after the German vote, set out an ambitious vision for Europe, calling for tighter cooperation on defense and immigration, and for a common euro zone budget. Merkel, still to begin what promise to be difficult talks on building a new coalition government, has cautioned that reforming the euro zone should not be the top priority and the debate should be more inclusive. Macron was taking part in a panel discussion at Frankfurt s Goethe University with Daniel Cohn-Bendit, the Green politician best known for his role in the Paris student protests of 1968, and Gilles Kepel, a political scientist and expert on the Middle East. ",1
17881,Turkey's Erdogan targets U.S. ambassador over visa dispute,"BELGRADE (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Tuesday the United States should dismiss its ambassador to Ankara if he took the decision to suspend visa services in Turkey, adding he did not regard him as a representative of the U.S. government. Speaking at a news conference in Belgrade, Erdogan blamed the United States for causing the dispute between the two countries and asked how  agents  had infiltrated the U.S. consulate, referring to a consulate worker who was arrested last week and the involvement of a second individual at the mission. ",1
17882,Greece passes sex change law opposed by Orthodox Church,"ATHENS (Reuters) - The Greek parliament passed a law on Tuesday to make it easier for people to change their legally recognized gender, a move that angered the Church but was welcomed as long-overdue by human rights groups. The law will allow people to change their gender on official documents with a court ruling, and without requiring medical tests or sterilization, as is the case now.   It has been condemned as  immoral  by the Greek Orthodox Church and as a  monstrosity  by right-wing politicians.  Until now, anyone needing to officially change their gender had to be diagnosed with a  gender identity disorder  and have their reproductive organs removed, a practice condemned by human rights campaigners.   Absolutely no tradition, no perception of family calls for people to be sidelined or tossed aside into a social and institutional abyss,  Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras, who supported the law, told a heated discussion in parliament.  The law applies to anyone over the age of 15 and allows a person to change legal gender twice. Applicants must not be married and a final decision will be taken by a court.  The main opposition conservative New Democracy party voted against the bill saying it was a  sloppy  attempt to divert public attention from Greece s financial woes.   Your only goal is to stay in power,  said conservative lawmaker Simos Kedikoglou.  You ve found various methods of deception and this bill is the latest proof.  Supporters rallied outside parliament during Monday s debate, holding a banner reading:  Transgender rights are human rights .  The Church had urged the government to withdraw the bill.  For every human, gender is a sacred legacy. It is a precious thing for a woman to know about her feminine nature, and for a man to be aware of his male nature,  Bishop Nicolaos of Mesogaia told Greek Skai TV. The Church, he said, embraced  people with difficulties.  The bill passed by 171 votes in the 300-seat parliament, but it exposed fissures in the ruling coalition of Syriza and right-wing Independent Greeks party.       Most Independent Greeks approved the bill in principle but voted against an article setting the minimum age at 15, arguing that was too young. ",1
17883,EU lawmakers give tentative nod to Brexit clearing law that could clobber Britain,"LONDON (Reuters) - European Union lawmakers on Tuesday gave broad support to a law that could end the City of London s global dominance in clearing euro-denominated financial contracts after Brexit. The plan has raised hackles in Britain, where it threatens both job losses and tax revenues. The draft EU law proposes that a foreign clearing house   which stands between two sides of a transaction to ensure its smooth completion   must be subject to more intense supervision by the bloc s regulators if it wants to serve customers in the EU. But if a clearing house is systemically important to the euro zone, then euro-denominated business with EU based customers must move to the bloc. The draft law is anathema to Britain, which voted to leave the EU in a referendum last year. It is home to LCH, an arm of the London Stock Exchange that clears most euro-denominated swaps in Europe. Financial services represent Britain s biggest tax earning sector and the LSE has warned that thousands of jobs could leave the UK if euro clearing was forced out. In the first debate in the European Parliament on Tuesday, lawmakers from the two biggest parties, the center right European People s Party and the center-left Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats, gave broad backing to the draft law, but called for some changes.  It s a good proposal from the European Commission,  Polish center-right MEP Danuta Huebner told parliament s economic affairs committee.  In principle, I support the proposal, which I find necessary,  added Roberto Gualtieri, an Italian center-left lawmaker who chairs the committee. The European Parliament and EU states have final say on the reform, with changes expected during the approval process. No timetable has been agreed for approving the law and, separately, there has been scant agreement on any new relationship between the EU and Britain. That means LCH s European customers don t know at the moment if they can continue using the London clearer after Brexit. Exploit this uncertainty, Frankfurt-based Eurex unveiled a  Brexit-proof  package of sweeteners on Monday to woo LCH customers. Huebner said parts of the draft law were too complex, creating uncertainty over how exactly EU regulators and the European Central Bank would decide when euro clearing conducted outside the bloc must move to the EU.  We have to do everything to avoid potential inconsistency in decision-making,  Huebner said.  We must not politicize the whole process.  Gualtieri said there was a need to  upgrade  EU supervision of clearing, but lawmakers should be  very cautious, reflective and in a listening mood  given the potential consequences. Others said there was need to avoid protectionism or using clearing as a stick to beat Britain given that the UK was already  fighting with itself . Kay Swinburne, a British center-right lawmaker, a lone voice in outright opposition, said a regional restriction on a global currency is the wrong approach.  There is a reason why we have done so much work at the global level, and I really hope that we are not going to throw all of that away to have some protectionism with regards to a Brexit decision,  Swinburne added. Banks and the LSE have warned that forcing out some clearing would split markets and bump up costs for EU companies who use swaps to insure against adverse moves in borrowing costs, raw material prices, and currency swings. ",1
17884,"'Brexit not a game,' EU's Barnier says","LONDON (Reuters) -  Brexit is not a game,  the European Union s chief negotiator, Michel Barnier, told British reporters on Tuesday when asked if the ball was in the EU s court to make the next move.   Britain and its EU partners clashed on Monday over which side should make the next move to unblock the talks, with both sides saying  the ball  is in the other side s court. ",1
17885,EU not working on 'no deal' scenario for Brexit,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union is negotiating the terms of Britain s exit from the bloc in good faith and is not working on a scenario where there is no agreement on the separation, the chairman of EU leaders Donald Tusk said on Tuesday. Britain is keen to start negotiating as quickly as possible the terms of its future relationship with the EU, including a transition period, after it leaves the bloc in March 2019.  But the EU does not want to start such negotiating until London and Brussels agree the terms of the divorce - citizen s rights, border issues in Northern Ireland and, crucially, how much money Britain owes the EU.  We hear from London that the UK government is preparing for a  no deal  scenario. I would like to say very clearly that the EU is not working on such a scenario,  European Council President Tusk said in a speech in Brussels.  We are negotiating in good faith, and we still hope that the so-called  sufficient progress  will be possible by December. However, if it turns out that the talks continue at a slow pace, and that sufficient progress hasn t been reached, then   together with our UK friends   we will have to think about where we are heading,  he said. ",1
17886,Myanmar takes first step to ease Buddhist-Muslim tension,"YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar on Tuesday launched its first bid to improve relations between Buddhists and Muslims since an eruption of deadly violence in August inflamed communal tension and triggered an exodus of some 520,000 Muslims to Bangladesh. Rohingya Muslims are still fleeing, more than six weeks after Rohingya insurgents attacked security forces in western Myanmar s Rakhine state. The United Nations has denounced a ferocious military crackdown in response to the attacks as ethnic cleansing aimed at driving out Rohingya. A new surge of refugees has entered Bangladesh in recent days, including about 11,000 on Monday. Some have told of increasing hunger in Rakhine as well as of more mob attacks on Muslim villagers. Despite growing international condemnation of the refugee crisis, the military campaign is popular in Buddhist-majority Myanmar, where there is little sympathy for the Rohingya, and for Muslims in general, and where Buddhist nationalism has surged in recent years. The party of government leader Aung San Suu Kyi took the first step toward trying to ease animosity with inter-faith prayers at a stadium in the biggest city of Yangon, with  Buddhists, Muslims, Hindus, Christians and others. Thousands of people packed the stands of the stadium, with Buddhist monks, Hindus, Christian nuns and Muslim men with beards and caps listening to religious leaders who took turns to appeal for friendship.  Be free from killing one another, be free from torturing one another, be free from destroying or demolishing one another,  the chief Buddhist monk of Yangon, Iddhibala, told the crowd. Stepping off the podium, he shook hands with Muslim leader Hafiz Mufti Ali.  Citizens should collaborate in friendship and work for the country,  Ali said, adding:  Freedom of life, freedom of education, freedom of religion, it is absolutely necessary for the country to fulfill all these rights.  The Rohingya had pinned hopes for change on Suu Kyi s party but it has been wary of Buddhist nationalist pressure. Her party did not field a single Muslim candidate in the 2015 election that it swept. Rohingya are not classified as an indigenous minority in Myanmar and so are denied citizenship under a law that links nationality to ethnicity. Regarded as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh, they face  restrictions and discrimination and are derided by ethnic Rakhine Buddhists in Rakhine, and by much of the wider population. The militants of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) who launched the Aug. 25 attacks that triggered the latest spasm of violence are demanding full citizenship rights and recognition as an indigenous community. A one-month ceasefire the insurgents called in September in order, they said, to ease aid deliveries to Rakhine, expired at midnight on Monday, but authorities said there was no sign of any new attacks. The government rebuffed the ceasefire, saying it did not negotiate with terrorists. Myanmar denies ethnic cleansing. It says more than 500 people have been killed in the violence since late August, most of them ARSA  terrorists . Even before the government offensive, the small, lightly armed ARSA appeared only capable of hit-and-run raids and unable to mount any sort of sustained challenge to the army. The insurgents said on Saturday they were ready to respond to any peace move by the government, even though their ceasefire was ending. Reports of food shortages in Rakhine will add to the urgency of calls by aid agencies and the international community for unfettered humanitarian access to the conflict zone. Villagers said food was running out because rice crops were not ready for harvest and authorities had shut village markets and limited food transport, apparently to cut supplies to the militants. The government has cited worry about food as a main reason people have cited for leaving, but a senior state government official dismissed any suggestion of starvation.     Among those fleeing were more than 30 people on a boat that capsized off Bangladesh on Sunday. Twenty-five people drowned, 13 of them children, police said. ",1
17887,"Pope to meet top Buddhist monks in Myanmar, address military","VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis will meet Myanmar s top Buddhist monks, its military generals and civilian leader Aung San Suu Kyi in November when he visits that country and Bangladesh, both caught up in a crisis over the Rohingya Muslim minority.   According to a full program of the Nov. 26-Dec. 2 trip released by the Vatican on Tuesday, the pope will say two Masses in Buddhist-majority Myanmar and one in Bangladesh, which is predominantly Muslim. Francis will be the first pope to visit Myanmar and the second to visit Bangladesh, where Pope John Paul visited in 1986. The pope arrives in Yangon, the country s largest city, on Nov. 27 after a flight of more than 10 hours and is scheduled to rest for about 24 hours before heading to the country s capital Naypyitaw for a day.   There, he will have separate private talks with President Htin Kyaw and Suu Kyi, who is both State Counsellor and Foreign Minister, making her effectively the country s civilian leader.   A senior Vatican official said military leaders are expected to attend a separate, public meeting where the pope will address politicians and diplomats. This is where he is expected to give the keynote speech of the trip.   Myanmar is facing international scrutiny over the plight of its Rohingya community. In February, Francis said they had been tortured and killed simply because they wanted to live their culture and Muslim faith.   Last August, some hard-line Buddhists were riled with the pope spoke about  the persecution of our Rohingya brothers and sisters  and asked Catholics to pray for them, adding that they should be given  their full rights .   On Nov. 29, the pope will address the Sangha Maha Nayaka, the country s highest Buddhist authority, which is a government-backed panel of senior monks responsible for regulating the Buddhist clergy.   The United Nations refugee agency said on Tuesday that Bangladesh border guards reported more than 11,000 Rohingya refugees crossing into their country from Myanmar on Monday alone..   The government offensive has drawn international condemnation and U.N. accusations of ethnic cleansing, which the government denies.   There are about 700,000 Roman Catholics in Myanmar according to the country s cardinal, Charles Maung Bo, out of a population of about 51.4 million.   Catholics make up a tiny minority in Bangladesh. Francis will be the second pope to visit that country, after Pope John Paul in 1986. (This refiled version of the story adds dropped numeral in second paragraph Nov 26 instead of 6). ",1
17888,Japan's Koike: a political paradox shakes things up ahead of poll,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan s Yuriko Koike says she went into politics to be a player, not a bystander. Now Tokyo s first female governor is shaking things up as her new  Party of Hope  challenges Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s ruling bloc in an Oct. 22 poll, called by the Japanese leader to seek a fresh mandate after nearly five years in office. When the Berlin Wall dividing East and West Germany was breached in 1989, Koike was a 37-year-old TV announcer. Three years later, she ran for parliament.  The world was changing immensely, so I went from news presenter to newsmaker. I decided Japanese politics was moving too slowly and rather than be an outside critic, I should become ... a player on the inside,  Koike told Reuters in an interview. Koike, who defied Abe s party last year to run for governor, isn t seeking a seat in parliament s lower house herself, but is the driving force   and public face   of her upstart party. In many ways, Koike is a paradox, interviews with people who know her and a review of her career show. She s a global thinker with a nationalist tinge; an entrepreneurial outsider who climbed the ladder with help from old-boy mentors, and a risk taker who has balked at perhaps her biggest gamble by declining to run in the national election now. Koike has made no secret of her ambition to be Japan s first woman  prime minister   her pet female terrier is nicknamed  So-chan    a diminutive for  sori  or  premier  in Japanese. She has already cracked a few glass ceilings. She became the country s first female defense minister in 2007, although stepped down after 55 days after a tussle with a top bureaucrat. She was also the first woman to run for the ruling Liberal Democratic Party s top leadership post in 2008, but came in a distant third. Koike comes from a business family in western Japan, a background that sets her apart from many Japanese politicians, including Abe, who are scions of blue-blood political dynasties.   Her origins may account for a style that admirers say has more in common with venture capitalists than staid lawmakers.   She s not afraid to take initiatives, which in most of Japan is deeply frowned upon,  said a person who has known her for 25 years and advises on financial reforms.  In Japan, it s subtlety within riddles, but she s blunt.  Koike has a talent for political marketing - critics call it populism - a skill she is using as she tries to differentiate her conservative party from Abe s equally conservative LDP with promises to  break the fetters  of vested interest politics. She calls her party s economic policies   Yurinomics  in contrast to Abe s  Abenomics, and its platform includes  12 Zeroes  it wants to achieve, including  zero hayfever , and  zero euthanasia of unwanted pets . A graduate of Cairo University in 1976 who speaks Arabic and English, Koike in some ways has a global perspective and often sings the praises of diversity.   Like Abe, she advocates opening Japan to more highly skilled foreign workers. Also like Abe, she has visited Yasukuni Shrine for war dead, seen in China and South Korea as a symbol of Japan s past militarism, but told Reuters she would not do so if she became  premier.   Koike also espouses some causes dear to Japan s rightwing, including revising the post-war, pacifist constitution. In the past, she has even suggested Japan should consider acquiring nuclear weapons, breaking a taboo in the only country to suffer a nuclear attack. She also opposes local voting rights for foreign residents, many of whom are of Korean descent.     There is a dark side that doesn t jibe with a more open-minded, dare we say, liberal view,  said her long-time acquaintance. Koike migrated through several parties before joining the LDP in 2002, only to abandon it after becoming governor. She counts among her mentors Ichiro Ozawa, a one-time LDP heavyweight who helped engineer the long-ruling party s ouster in 1993 and again in 2009, as well as popular ex-premier Junichiro Koizumi. Critics say her career reflects an opportunist streak, while allies call it practical.   She wants to make change, but she s also pragmatic   she can make a deal with anyone   Communists or Abe or traditional stakeholders,  said another adviser.  It s a kind of talent.  Despite speculation that she would abandon her job as governor to return to parliament, Koike stuck to her decision not to run. Analysts say that s likely because her party has little chance of defeating Abe s ruling bloc, but may do well enough for her to take the leap in the next poll. But those who know Koike say her desire for the nation s top post remains.  Is she Machiavellian and strategic? The answer is yes. Is she prepared to think for the long run? The answer is yes,  said her long-time acquaintance.  Is her over-riding ambition to be Japan s first female prime minister? That is definitely a goal.  ",1
17889,Gunmen kill two in attack on university convoy in Kenya,"MOMBASA, Kenya (Reuters) - Two staff members of a Kenyan university were killed south of Mombasa on Tuesday when gunmen fired on vehicles carrying them and students to their campus, the area police chief said.  The identity of the gunmen was unclear. Police in the coastal county of Kwale, where the Technical University of Mombasa (TUM) has a campus, said they could be robbers or militants. Security is poor in the area and the convoy had a police escort. Somali Islamist militants al Shabaab frequently carry out attacks along the Kenyan coast and have been recruiting new members there. In 2015, al Shabaab gunmen killed 148 students at a university in Kenya s Garissa town near the Kenya-Somali border, an attack that provoked shock and outrage in Kenya and abroad.  Two staff members of the university were killed Tuesday s attack, and a driver and two policemen were wounded, area police chief Joseph Chebusit told Reuters.   A bus carrying students of TUM was ferrying them from their hostels to the campus in Ukunda for classes and was being escorted by a van that had some staff of the college and two escort police officers,  the policeman said.   Armed men numbering about 10 emerged from the bushes and started firing at the van in front. As a result two ladies who are staff of TUM were killed in the van. The driver of the van and two police officers were injured,  he said.    We have information that the attackers had other accomplices along the road who were monitoring the movement of the two vehicles and communicating with them to enable the attack,  he added.   For now we are treating it as a crime like any other as we continue with investigations but that does not mean we are ruling out al Shabaab.  A witness who did not want to be named told Reuters she and several other students had fled their vehicle when gunmen opened fire on them and had seen several students covered in blood.  But Chebusit said no students were injured.  ",1
17890,Turkish police officer shoots prosecutor in Antalya: media reports,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A Turkish police officer shot and seriously wounded a state prosecutor after they argued in his office in the southern province of Antalya on Tuesday, the Dogan news agency reported. The wounded man was flown by helicopter ambulance to hospital from the Korkuteli district of the province, some 50 km (30 miles) northwest of the city of Antalya, the agency said. It said the incident occurred around 3 pm (1200 GMT) when the police officer, whose wife works as a clerk at the court house where the prosecutor s office is located, entered the room and they began arguing. State-run Anadolu news agency also described the attacker as a police officer. ",1
17891,"Pledging to tackle inequality, UK PM May seeks identity beyond Brexit","LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May pledged on Tuesday to  hold a mirror up to society  with a study showing sharp racial disparities in Britain, as she looks for a way to demonstrate her leadership is about more than just delivering Brexit.  Among the findings of the audit, the data showed Asian, black and other minority ethnic households were most likely to be in persistent poverty, that ethnic minorities have a lower employment rate than white people, and that they were under-represented in senior public sector jobs. Bogged down by Brexit and losing her parliamentary majority in a snap election in June, May has struggled to deliver on social reforms to tackle what she has called  burning injustices  since taking control of the ruling Conservative party in July 2016. Attempting to relaunch that agenda, she published the findings of a  Race Disparity Audit  which pulled together existing data from across sectors such as health, education, employment and the criminal justice system and analyzed it to discover how ethnicity affects people s lives.  This audit means that for society as a whole   for government, for our public services   there is nowhere to hide. These issues are now out in the open,  she told a private meeting to launch the report, according to her office.   The message is very simple: if these disparities cannot be explained then they must be changed.  May s center-right Conservatives were blindsided in June s election by a surge in support for the left-wing policies of opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn, who has presented higher state spending as part of the cure for voters he says have been let down years of cuts to public services.  The prime minister has done nothing but exacerbate the problems. Far from tackling the burning injustices she has added fuel to the fire,  Labour s equalities spokeswoman Dawn Butler said. She called for the government to start offering solutions to the problems the audit highlighted. At last week s Conservative conference, May was keen to show party members that she had a plan to counter Corbyn s rise and allay fears that Brexit was squeezing out action on Britain s social problems.  It will hold a mirror up to society and allow us and wider society to see where action is needed,  May told a meeting of her senior ministers, according to a spokesman.  May s deputy Damian Green said the audit s findings were not  relentlessly negative , but added in a forward to the document:  There is still a way to go before we have a country that works for everyone regardless of their ethnicity.   (This refiled version of the story fixes date, no change to text; updates after publication). ",1
17892,Bangladesh detains leaders of Islamist party for militant 'plot',"DHAKA (Reuters) - Bangladesh police have detained several top leaders of the country s largest Islamist party in a crackdown against the opposition that the government blames for inciting militancy but which says it is being unfairly targeted.  Eight leaders of Jamaat-e-Islami, including party chief Maqbul Ahmad and secretary general Shafiqur Rahman, were detained in Dhaka on Monday night, police said. They were formally arrested on Tuesday and ordered held on remand for 10 days while police investigate. The detentions followed information that the leaders were meeting  to plot and carry out some destructive activities , a senior police official said. Jamaat-e-Islami denied the allegations and called for demonstrations on Tuesday to protest. It said in a statement that its leaders were in an informal meeting.   The government is continuously arresting our innocent activists just to stay in power,  the party said. The detentions follow a years-long crackdown on the opposition by Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina s government and come ahead of general elections expected next year.  Opposition leaders deny any link to Islamic militants and say the crackdown can be traced to a bitter rivalry, which has long poisoned politics in the country, between Hasina s ruling Awami League and its main rival, the Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP), as well as Jamaat-e-Islami. Police and army commandos have killed more than 60 suspected militants and arrested hundreds since a deadly attack on a Dhaka cafe in July last year. Twenty-two people were killed, most of them foreigners.    ",1
17893,Moscow gives green light to CNN International broadcasting in Russia,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia said on Tuesday it had dropped accusations against CNN International of violating Russian media law and the U.S. channel could continue broadcasting in Russia. The head of broadcasting regulator Roskomnadzor, Alexander Zharov, said the issue was resolved after CNN agreed to rectify details of its Russian license shown onscreen during broadcasts, the Interfax news agency reported. He gave no details. CNN said it did not plan to make any comment on the matter. The regulator had raised the accusations in September, a day after the Russian foreign ministry accused Washington of putting unwarranted pressure on the U.S operations of Kremlin-backed media outlet RT.  Zharov at the time gave no detail of the exact nature of the dispute; but he said when the accusations were raised that Russia was not motivated by any political considerations.  Claims against CNN have been dropped, the channel will continue working in Russia, but Roskomnadzor will continue monitoring the compliance of the American company s activities with Russia s legislation,  Interfax cited Zharov as saying. President Vladimir Putin told a Security Council meeting last month that Russian media outlets working abroad were facing  growing and unacceptable pressure . ",1
17894,Iran's armed forces say time to teach U.S. 'new lessons:' ISNA,"LONDON (Reuters) - A spokesman for Iran s armed forces warned U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday against threatening the Islamic Republic and said Iranian forces would teach the United States  new lessons .  It seems the Trump administration only understands swear words, and needs some shocks to understand the new meaning of power in the world,  Iranian Armed Forces spokesman Masoud Jazayeri, who is also a Revolutionary Guards commander was quoted as saying by ISNA.  It is time to teach Americans new lessons  he said. ",1
17895,Election campaigning underway in Japan as Abe takes on Hope,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Election campaigning in Japan began in earnest on Tuesday with  Prime Minister Shinzo Abe seeking to repel an upstart new party that has pledged to rid the government of cronyism in a challenge to Abe s near-five year hold on power.     The Oct. 22 lower house election pits Abe s Liberal Democratic Party-led coalition against the less than one-month-old Party of Hope headed by popular Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike, a former LDP lawmaker often floated as a possible first female premier. Abe says he needs to renew his mandate to tackle a  national crisis  stemming from North Korea s nuclear and missile threat and the demographic time-bomb of Japan s fast-ageing population. The 63-year-old Abe called the poll amid opposition disarray and an uptick in approval ratings that had slid due to a series of scandals over suspected cronyism. But the sudden emergence of Koike s party, which also appeals to conservative voters, could upset Abe s calculation. The main opposition Democratic Party imploded last month and a big chunk of its candidates are running on the Party of Hope ticket. In his first campaign speech Abe attacked the opposition for using populist slogans.   What creates our future is not a boom or slogan. It is policy that creates our future,  Abe said in Fukushima in northeast Japan.  We just cannot afford to lose.   The LDP-led coalition is defending a two-thirds  super majority  in parliament s lower house, so losing its simple majority would be a major upset. Abe s LDP had 288 seats in the lower house before it was dissolved for the election, while its junior partner the Komeito had 35. The total number of seats has been cut to 465 from 475. Recent opinion polls show the LDP in the lead and some analysts think Abe could still pull off another landslide victory. A poll of 3,119 voters by public broadcaster NHK released on Tuesday showed 36 percent had positive expectations for the Party of Hope, down from 47 percent in a survey a week ago. Support for Abe s government was unchanged, at 37 percent.  A soggy performance for the LDP, however, could stir calls from inside the party to replace Abe or deny him a third term as LDP leader in September 2018, ending his chances of becoming Japan s longest-serving premier. Koike, who defied the LDP last year to run for governor, calls her fledgling party a  reformist, conservative  group free from the fetters of vested interests   an often popular campaign slogan in Japan.  We have a surplus of things in this country, but what we don t have is hope for the future,  said Koike, 65, kicking off her campaign outside one of Tokyo s major train stations.  Koike decided not to run for a lower house seat needed to make her eligible for the premiership and has declined to say whom her party would support for the post, leaving the door open to a variety of possible tie-ups including with Abe s LDP.  The Party of Hope looks a lot like the LDP, but doesn t have the same problem with vested interests,  said Koji Sasaya, 82, a U.S. resident and longtime LDP supporter who traveled to Japan to vote in the election for Koike s new party. Others outside the station were less convinced by Koike s talk of cleaner politics, while trusting Abe to safeguard national security.  I doubt she can deliver politics free from vested interests,  said Minori Hiramatsu, a 28-year-old mother of one who was on her way to a job interview.  Abe has problems domestically, but he is the best person to protect us from North Korean threats.   The Party of Hope echoes Abe s LDP on security and diplomacy - it backs tough sanctions on North Korea and controversial security measures adopted in 2015 to expand the military s role overseas. Koike also agrees with Abe that Japan s post-war, U.S.-drafted, pacifist constitution should be amended, though not necessarily on the changes needed. On economic policies, Koike s party has sought to differentiate itself by demanding an end to nuclear power by 2030 and a freeze on a sales tax hike planned for 2019. Abe wants to keep nuclear power as a key part of Japan s energy mix, and raise the sales tax and spend more of the revenues on education and child care. A center-left Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan, formed from the liberal wing of the failed Democratic Party, is wooing voters dissatisfied with both conservative options.  ",1
17896,Camera shows Vietnamese suspect's 'aggressive' attack on Kim Jong Nam: police,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - A Vietnamese woman accused of killing the half-brother of North Korea s leader was captured on camera making an  aggressive  attack on him, two days after a similar act on another person, a police investigator told a Malaysian court on Tuesday. Doan Thi Huong, 28, is charged along with Siti Aisyah, an Indonesian woman, with killing Kim Jong Nam by smearing his face with VX, a chemical poison banned by the United Nations, at Kuala Lumpur airport on Feb. 13.     There was  a stark difference  in Huong s movements in two closed circuit television recordings made in the airport s third level departure hall, said police official Wan Azirul Nizam Che Wan Aziz. The first recording on Feb. 11 showed Huong approach an unidentified member of the public from behind to wipe something on the person s face  in a soft manner , he said. She then appeared to apologize, placing her hands together and bowing her head, before retreating slowly, added Wan Azirul, a member of the airport district s Criminal Investigations Department.     But a similar act carried out on Kim Jong Nam was  quite rough and seemed more like an attack,  Wan Azirul said.       For me, the act seemed aggressive. Other differences I saw were in her movements - compared to before, the accused Doan moved in a quick and rushed manner,  he said, using Huong s first name.  The women have pleaded not guilty, saying they thought they were involved in some sort of prank for a reality TV show. They face the death penalty if convicted. Chemical weapons expert Raja Subramaniam said degradation products of VX were found on Huong s fingernails but not on the rest of her hands.  Traces of VX were found on the clothes worn by both accused women, Subramaniam said in court last week. On Tuesday, Subramaniam also declared impossible a theory that the VX was created by combining together two non-poisonous chemicals, saying it would have required large amounts of heat in order to work. Experts had earlier suggested the women had each been given a non-lethal substance that formed a deadly combination after being smeared on the victim s face. Hisyam Teh, Huong s lawyer, argued during cross-examination that she could not have known that she was handling VX.  No sane person, having been made aware that a liquid was VX, basically the deadliest of all nerve agents, would put out his hand for VX to get administered,  he added. The trial will resume on Wednesday. ",1
17897,Australia pushes asylum seeker transfer in bid to close controversial camp,"CANBERRA (Reuters) - Australia is trying to move asylum seekers held in one of its two remote Pacific detention centers to the second camp, a notice seen by Reuters shows, as Canberra seeks a way to close one down. Men held on Papua New Guinea s Manus Island can move to the center on the tiny island nation of Nauru if they have been awarded refugee status and are being considered for U.S. resettlement, the letter posted in the camp and seen by Reuters shows.  Refugees in the United States process can now apply for transfer to Nauru,  the letter read. The Manus camp only holds men. The letter marks Australia s latest attempt to empty the Manus center, which is scheduled to close on Oct. 31. Under Canberra s hardline immigration policy, asylum seekers intercepted at sea trying to reach Australia are sent for processing at the Manus and Nauru camps. They are told they will never be settled in Australia. More than 20 men left to be resettled in the United States last month, the first part of a refugee swap between the Washington and Canberra which U.S. President Donald Trump has branded a  dumb deal . But nearly 800 remain in the Manus camp and nearly all are refusing to move to a nearby transit center, citing fears for their safety.  The refugees have not left the detention center despite the government s efforts to push them out in the past few months,  said Behrouz Boochani, a Kurdish journalist held on Manus. Many have been awarded refugee status and are eligible for U.S resettlement under the deal Australia secured with former U.S. president Barack Obama late last year.  The United States will resettle up to 1,250 asylum seekers held on PNG and Nauru. In exchange, Australia agreed to take several dozen Central American refugees. Australia will begin resettling several dozen Central American refugees within weeks. Any transfer will further strain conditions on Nauru, where more than 1,200 men, women and children have been for four years in a camp widely criticized by the United Nations and human rights groups for abuses, including sexual abuse, and self-harming. ",1
17898,"No angst over Turkey's air defense deal with Russia, says NATO chief","CRAIOVA, Romania (Reuters) - NATO ally Turkey is not seeking to antagonize the U.S.-led alliance by purchasing Russian S-400 surface-to-air missiles and is in talks with France and Italy to buy similar weapons, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said. Ankara s decision to buy the Russian system has been seen in some Western capitals as a snub to the alliance, given tensions with Moscow over Ukraine and Syria, while the deal raised concern because the weapons cannot be integrated into NATO defense. But Stoltenberg said it was a sovereign decision and that he had talked it through with Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan.  There hasn t been any request from Turkey to integrate the S-400 into NATO air defense system,  Stoltenberg told Reuters in an interview on a Belgian military plane returning from Romania late on Monday.    I spoke with President Erdogan when I met him in September. I said that the kind of capabilities different nations want to acquire is a national decision,  he said of the S-400 system that Turkey has made an advance payment for and hopes to see delivered in 2019.  Stoltenberg stressed that top Turkish officials, as well as Erdogan, had told him Ankara remained a strong NATO ally. That was despite the S-400 issue and a dispute with Germany over Erdogan s arrest of German nationals as part of a mass purge following last July s failed coup bid. Stoltenberg said Ankara was ready to brief its allies in the U.S.-led 29-member bloc on the reasons behind its decision to buy the S-400 system. Erdogan has blamed NATO countries for failing to propose a viable alternative to the long-range Russian missiles, but Stoltenberg said Erdogan was now talking to Paris and Rome for similar systems, a move the alliance chief welcomed.  He told me that Turkey is in dialogue with France and Italy on possible delivery of air defense systems from them ... on top of the S-400,  Stoltenberg said.  Stoltenberg did not give more details but said Turkey was familiar with the so-called SAMP-T missiles developed because Italy had stationed them in Turkey as part of NATO efforts to help protect Ankara from rocket attacks.  Such weapons are designed to protect battlefields and strategic sites such as airports and sea ports against airborne threats, including cruise missiles and aircraft. The SAMP-T system is produced by Italian-French consortium Eurosam, a joint venture between European missile maker MBDA and Thales. Russia uses different technology, as well as know-how that Moscow is unlikely to be willing to share, experts say.  For NATO, the important thing is interoperability,  Stoltenberg said, speaking on his return from the launch of a NATO force aimed at deterring Russia in the Black Sea region.   We encourage, facilitate allies to develop systems, acquire and operate systems together that will reduce costs and strengthen the defense industries within the alliance,  he said. As part of NATO s collective defense pledge, the allies integrate their ships, planes and weapons systems to make them work together, as well as sharing command across the alliance. Some eastern European allies that were once under Soviet rule still rely on Russian-made planes, but integrating Russia s most advanced ground-based missile system would also be highly complicated for political reasons. While Stoltenberg, a former Norwegian prime minister, took up the NATO post three years ago with a more conciliatory tone toward Moscow than his Danish predecessor Anders Fogh Rasmussen, Russia s Crimea annexation in March 2014 had already badly damaged East-West ties. In the latest dispute, Stoltenberg said Moscow had given misleading information about the size of its war games, known as Zapad, or West, last month.  Our assessment so far shows that the scale and geographic scope of the Zapad exercise significantly exceeded what was announced,  he said, although he said so far there were no signs Russia had left behind troops or weapons in Belarus during the exercises, as some Baltic nations had feared. Russia said Zapad involved some 13,000 troops and has accused NATO allies of exaggerating the size of the drills. ",1
17899,Vietnam calls on Cambodia to protect immigrants,"HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnam called on Cambodia on Tuesday to guarantee the legal rights of Vietnamese migrants living there after the Cambodian government said it would revoke the invalid documents of 70,000 immigrants, most of them ethnic Vietnamese. Anti-Vietnamese sentiment is widespread in Cambodia and has often been used as a tool by opponents of Prime Minister Hun Sen, who came to power during Vietnam s occupation of Cambodia after it drove out the genocidal Khmer Rouge regime in 1979. Vietnam s Foreign Ministry hopes Cambodia will take appropriate measures to guarantee the legal and legitimate rights of ethnic Vietnamese in the country, ministry spokeswoman Le Thi Thu Hang said in a statement.  We hope that while people are waiting for their legal documents to be completed, they will be able to maintain a stable life and continue contributing to Cambodia s socio-economic development,  she added. Last week Cambodian immigration authorities said they would seize documents issued improperly to 70,000 people, most of them ethnic Vietnamese, but they have not threatened their forcible removal. Responding to Vietnam, Cambodia vowed to ensure respect for legal and human rights in its enforcement of immigration laws.   We won t enforce it like the one done by the Pol Pot regime,  said Interior Ministry spokesman Khieu Sopheak, referring to the leader of the Khmer Rouge movement responsible for the deaths of an estimated 1.8 million Cambodians in the 1970s, and which targeted Vietnamese, among other groups. Ethnic Vietnamese have settled in what is now Cambodia for hundreds of years, particularly during the 19th and 20th century period when both were part of French possessions overseas. More arrived when Vietnam occupied Cambodia after ousting the Khmer Rouge and before the 1990 withdrawal of its forces. Political tension has been rising in Cambodia ahead of a general election next year in which Prime Minister Hun Sen aims to extend his 32-year rule. The arrest of his main rival and a threat to ban the main opposition party have provoked Western condemnation. ",1
17900,Taiwan president pledges to defend freedoms despite China pressure,"TAIPEI (Reuters) - President Tsai Ing-wen vowed on Tuesday to defend Taiwan s freedom and democracy amid growing pressure from giant neighbor China, using a National Day speech to warn that the self-ruled island would not bow to pressure. China considers proudly democratic Taiwan to be a wayward province and has never renounced the use of force to bring the island under its control. Relations with Beijing have deteriorated sharply since Tsai, who leads the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party, took office last year, with China suspecting she wants to push for the island s formal independence, a red line for Beijing. China has cut off a regular dialogue mechanism with Taiwan, ramped up military drills around the island and stepped up international pressure to limit Taiwan s diplomatic footprint. Tsai, who has pledged to maintain peace with China, said her government was still seeking breakthroughs in ties with Beijing and promised consistent and stable policies.  We need to remember democracy and freedom were rights obtained through all of Taiwan people s countless efforts,  Tsai said.  Therefore, we need to use all our power to defend Taiwan s democratic and freedom values and lifestyle,  she said. Tsai s speech came a week before China holds its twice-a-decade Communist Party Congress, where President Xi Jinping, who has taken a robust approach to territorial disputes in the East and South China Seas, will cement his grip on power. Her government has continued to rattle Beijing, with her newly appointed premier, William Lai, telling parliament last month he was a  political worker who advocates Taiwan independence . However, Tsai has also sought to give Beijing a roadmap where its  goodwill  can be extended, which in turn could give her a chance to reciprocate and rein in the more independence-leaning hardliners on the island.  We have offered our greatest goodwill,  she said in her 20-minute address.  I have repeatedly said, our goodwill doesn t change, our promises don t change; we won t walk on the old path of confrontation, but we won t bow to pressure,  Tsai said. Responding to Tsai s speech, China s Taiwan Affairs Office said Taiwan had to clearly state that Taiwan and mainland China belonged to  one China .  Only if the one China principle is upheld and Taiwan independence opposed can there be peaceful and stable development of relations across the Taiwan Strait,  it said in a statement carried by the official Xinhua news agency. Tsai reiterated the importance of implementing the island s new  southbound  policy of forging closer ties with countries in the region, saying Taiwan was seeking to find a new position in the international community.  In the face of rapid change in the Asia-Pacific region, Taiwan is already prepared to play an even more important role in the region s prosperity and stability,  she said. ",1
17901,North Korean missiles will be able to reach U.S. after modernization: Ifax cites Russian lawmaker,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - North Korea s leadership has told Russian lawmakers that it possesses a ballistic missile with a range of 3,000 kilometers (1864.11 miles) that will be able to reach U.S. territory after modernization, the Interfax news agency reported on Tuesday. Interfax cited Anton Morozov, a lawmaker and member of the lower house of parliament s international affairs committee, who visited Pyongyang from October 2-6.   North Korea aims to increase the range of its ballistic missiles to 9,000 kilometers (5592.34 miles), Morozov was quoted as saying.  There was no talk about the deadline (for solving this task),  he said. ",1
17902,EU again urges dialogue to end Catalan crisis,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission repeated its call for dialogue in Spain to end the crisis in Catalonia amid concerns that the Catalan regional authorities could declare independence on Tuesday.  We called on all those concerned to get of this confrontation as quickly as possible and to start dialogue,  a spokesman for the EU executive said in answer to a question on how the Commission might respond to such a declaration.   Violence, as we said, can never be a political tool,  he told reporters, recalling a statement made last week.  And we expressed our confidence in the capacity of Prime Minister (Mariano) Rajoy to manage this delicate process in full respect of the Spanish constitution and the basic fundamental rights of the citizens.  ",1
17903,Turkish PM says Idlib operation aims to prevent migrant wave from Syria,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey s military operations in Syria s rebel-held province of Idlib aim to prevent a wave of migration into Turkey, Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on Tuesday. Turkey has said it will provide assistance to rebels it has long backed as it implements a de-escalation agreement designed to reduce fighting with pro-government forces in the area, the most populous pocket of Syria still in rebel hands. On Sunday, a Turkish army reconnaissance team scouted the Idlib province before an expected military operation to impose peace in the bitterly contested Syrian northwest.  The reason for our activities is to prepare the groundwork and prevent a potential migrant wave into our country and lower tensions,  Yildirim told a parliamentary meeting of the ruling AK Party. Turkey, which is already hosting around three million Syrians, has been one of the biggest supporters of rebels fighting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad during the six-and-a-half-year war, but its focus has moved from ousting him to securing its own border against jihadist and Kurdish groups. Yildirim also said Turkey aimed to create control points in Idlib for future deployments, and that the activities of the armed forces in Idlib would help prevent internal conflicts between civilians and militant groups in the region.       ",1
17904,Turkey must be in Syria's Idlib until threat over: defense minister,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey must be present in Syria s Idlib province until the threat from there toward Turkey is over, Defense Minister Nurettin Canikli was reported as saying by CNN Turk and other broadcasters on Tuesday. Turkey has said it will provide assistance to rebels it has long backed as it implements a de-escalation agreement to reduce fighting in Idlib. A Turkish army reconnaissance team scouted the region on Sunday before an expected military operation. ",1
17905,Afghan-Pakistan border villages brace for Berlin Wall-style divide,"CHAMAN/QUETTA, Pakistan (Reuters) - Thousands of Pashtun tribal people who for decades ignored the invisible line that bisects their dusty villages and demarcates the Afghanistan-Pakistan frontier are bracing for a Berlin Wall-style divide of their neighborhoods. Pakistan, worried by Islamist attacks, is building a fence to prevent militants criss-crossing the porous 2,500 km (1,500 mile) frontier along the disputed colonial-era Durand line drawn up by the British in 1893. The fence, which Kabul opposes, will run down the middle of so-called  divided villages  where few people have passports and Pashtun tribal loyalty often trumps allegiance to the state.  Seven such villages are dotted around Chaman district, home to the bustling border-crossing town of Chaman in Pakistan s southwestern province of Baluchistan. Other divided villages are believed to exist further north in the restive Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA). Pakistani officials in Baluchistan are now working on shifting Pakistani citizens in the divided villages to their side of the fence and say security worries override concerns that it will break up communities.  (A border wall) was there in Germany, it is in Mexico. It is all over the world   why not in Afghanistan and Pakistan?  said Col. Muhammad Usman, commander of Pakistan s Frontier Corps paramilitary force in Chaman.  These tribals have to understand that this is Pakistan and that place is Afghanistan.  Yet scepticism about the fence abounds. Pakistan s previous attempts to build one failed about a decade ago and many doubt whether its possible to secure such a lengthy border. The appeal of erecting physical border barriers waned after the Berlin Wall was torn down in 1989. But in recent years, several populist leaders have advocated building walls to curtail movement of foreigners, most notably U.S. President Donald Trump, who wants a wall along the entire border with Mexico. Hungary s right-wing Prime Minister Viktor Orban recently fenced the border with Serbia to prevent Syrian refugees and other Muslim migrants from entering the eastern European country that acts as a gateway to the European Union. Pakistan, in anticipation of the fence, plans to build more than 100 new border posts and Islamabad is recruiting in excess of 30,000 soldiers to man them, according to a senior military source.  Trump is doing as per requirements of America; we are doing as per requirements of Pakistan,  added Usman. Tense relations between Afghanistan and Pakistan boiled over in two divided villages in May during Pakistan s census survey. More than 10 people were killed when Afghan border troops, objecting to the census, clashed with the Frontier Corps in Killi Jahangir and Killi Luqman villages near Chaman. Kabul and Islamabad accuse each other of sheltering militants and providing safe havens for Islamist groups who carry out cross-border attacks. Many residents in Killi Jahangir and Killi Luqman welcome the fence in the hope it will prevent bloodshed. But others are concerned it will hurt business and separate them from friends and family.  There will no infiltration of terrorists or suspects from Afghan areas... but my own small business, which I was doing with Afghan people, will be affected,  said Abdul Jabbar, a Pakistani owner of a small enterprise in Killi Jahangir.   Pakistani officials have long struggled to impose security in the Pashtun tribal heartland. The area stretches for hundreds of kilometers, including rugged mountainous terrain, and has been a hotbed of arms and heroin smuggling for decades. U.S drone strikes have also targeted militants from al Qaeda and other groups in the region. For the likes of taxi driver Abdul Razzaq, 30, having peace of mind offsets the loss of business due to the fence.  Now I can sleep in my home without any fear,  he said. ",1
17906,One in three Swiss uncomfortable with outsiders: survey,"ZURICH (Reuters) - More than one in three Swiss feel uncomfortable around people perceived to be  different  because of their nationality, religion, skin color or other factors, a government survey found. The poll released on Tuesday sought for the first time to gauge how people coexist in a country of 8.4 million residents, a quarter of them foreigners. Thirty-six percent said they felt uneasy in the presence of people they found outside the norm, particularly those who spoke a foreign language, or moved around.  It did not give more details on the last category, but Roma and other itinerant groups have complained of discrimination in the mountainous state that has stayed outside the European Union.  Sixteen percent of respondents went further and said they felt threatened by foreigners. Despite that, most were in favor of granting more rights to foreign nationals, the poll discovered. Two out of three said racism was a key social problem, and 56 percent believed the integration of migrants was working well. With four national languages and a decentralized system of government, traditionally Christian Switzerland is increasingly diverse. There are more than 10 main religious communities in a population made up of people with roots in 190 other countries. Right-wing parties have stoked anti-foreigner sentiment, pushing for a series of measures including a ban on the construction of new minarets on mosques that became law in 2009.  But parliament last year watered down demands in a 2014 referendum to impose quotas on immigration from the European Union, the bloc that surrounds it and provides most of its trade. ",1
17907,"UNHCR on 'full alert' as 11,000 Rohingya flee in a day","GENEVA (Reuters) - Bangladesh border guards reported more than 11,000 Rohingya refugees crossing into their country from Myanmar on Monday, in a sudden surge, the United Nations refugee agency said.  More than half a million Rohingya have fled Myanmar since Aug. 25 after insurgent attacks on security forces triggered a violent government crackdown, but the rate had slowed to about 2,000 refugees per day last week, aid agencies say.  We re back in a situation of full alert as far as influxes are concerned. It is a big increase to see 11,000,  Adrian Edwards, spokesman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), told a news briefing in Geneva on Tuesday.  We have had big numbers coming across by the day over the six weeks of this emergency. So we are back up to approaching some of those peak arrivals. Clearly we have to be prepared for more arrivals,  he said. Many of the refugees are reported to come from the Buthidaung area in Myanmar s northern Rakhine state, which is  20-25 kilometers east of Maungdaw.  Some said they had fled torching and killings back home; one boy was seen with a big gash across his neck,  Edwards said.   We don t know at the moment what is driving this,  he added.  Some of these people have fled their homes several days ago and in some cases two weeks ago, so they moved toward the border before coming across.  There are also indications of more recent problems.  As you may have seen from media reports which I can t verify, but there are reports about fires being seen close to the border (and) other problems there,  Edwards said. Meanwhile, a massive cholera immunization campaign began on Tuesday near Cox s Bazar, Bangladesh, aimed at protecting newly-arrived Rohingya and host communities from the disease which can be deadly, the World Health Organization (WHO) said. Some 900,000 oral vaccine doses will be distributed, including 650,000 in an initial 10-day campaign to be followed by a second round from Oct. 31 targeting 250,000 children between one and five years old, the agency said. There is a  clear and present risk  of the spread of cholera among the population.  Luckily, we don t have any confirmed cases of cholera so far,  WHO spokesman Christian Lindmeier said. ",1
17908,NZ First leader welcomes politically driven drop in NZ$,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - The leader of the small nationalist party that will decide New Zealand s next government said on Tuesday that exporters should welcome a recent fall in the local dollar following an inconclusive general election. The New Zealand dollar, or kiwi, fell to its lowest levels since late May on Monday after a final tally of votes at the weekend showed the opposition Labour-Green bloc gaining ground over the ruling National Party, although the latter still has the largest number of seats. The final tally led to market speculation that New Zealand First, whose support is needed by both parties to gain enough seats to govern under the country s proportional representation system, would be more comfortable joining forces with the center-left Labour-Green bloc, prompting investors to sell New Zealand assets.  On Tuesday, NZ First leader Winston Peters held a third day of substantive negotiations with both Labour and National, having served in coalition governments led by both parties in the past. After the election on Sept. 23, Peters had said he expected to tell the public whose coalition he would join by Oct. 12. But by Tuesday evening, Peters told the Stuff.co.nz media website that he wouldn t be ready to announce his choice by Thursday, and refused to be drawn on whether to expect an announcement by Friday either.  The New Zealand dollar has dropped around 3.7 percent since the election on Sept. 23, hitting a four-month low of low of $0.7052 on Monday. It was trading at $0.7063 on Tuesday afternoon.  I think exporters will be pleased, we are an export-dependent nation,  NZ First leader Winston Peters told reporters after a meeting with Labour, when asked about the currency s decline. Asked whether the talks had included any policies aimed at keeping the NZ dollar down, Peters said:  Well if you re an export dependent nation why would you persist with an inflated dollar, which even the IMF (International Monetary Fund) says is over-valued? Why would you just ignore all the best advice in the world? But then again this is not just an economic matter.  NZ First favors greater central bank intervention in the foreign currency market. The New Zealand dollar was the 11th most traded currency in the world in 2016. NZ First has more policies in common with Labour than the center-right, raising jitters in the market about a change in policies after National s decade in power. Labour supports some changes to the mandate of the RBNZ, lobbying for employment to be added to the central bank s inflation-targeting mandate. Both parties also favor curbs on immigration, foreign ownership and the renegotiation of certain trade deals.     While Peters has kept his cards close to his chest, he told reporters on Monday that foreign ownership restrictions would constitute a large part of the talks. ",1
17909,"Globalization, migration fears reawaken Germans' interest in 'Heimat'","BERLIN (Reuters) - Most Germans are wary of anything that smacks of nationalism given their Nazi history but the concept of  Heimat  (homeland) is enjoying a renaissance driven by rising anxiety about migration and globalization. President Frank-Walter Steinmeier used the resonant word 18 times in marking the 27th anniversary of German reunification on Tuesday, saying the nation needed honest dialogue about immigration after taking in over a million migrants since 2015.  Cem Ozdemir, head of the environmental Greens party, applauded Steinmeier for reclaiming the word from the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD), which emphasized nationalist and anti-immigrant themes to capture around 13 percent of the vote in the Sept. 24 national election. Germany s post-war history included migration from Italy, Turkey, Greece and eastern Europe, but it has resisted thinking of itself as a country of immigrants. That is changing now amid calls for a proper immigration law to differentiate between political refugees and economic migrants. Along with that has come new soul-searching about what it means to be German, as well as resurgent demand for dirndls (traditional Alpine dresses), cuckoo clocks, local foods and mystery novels set in regions like the northern island of Sylt.  Raed Saleh, a Berlin politician whose Palestinian parents moved to Germany from the Israeli-occupied West Bank when he was five, said he was reminded of his own identity struggles when he spoke at a high school in Berlin s Wedding district - where 90 percent of the students come from immigrant families.  I saw really talented, engaged people and I want them - and all children in Germany - to feel that they belong here,  said Saleh.  I didn t have that feeling myself for a long time.  In his book,  German Me: The New Guiding Culture  published earlier this year, Saleh called for a more inclusive  common vision  for Germany and its 82 million people. His book is one of over a dozen published over the past year that explore German identity and the concept of homeland. Susanne Weingarten, who oversaw production of a special issue of Der Spiegel magazine dedicated to  Heimat , said interest by both rightists and liberal young  hipsters  pointed to a certain rootlessness in Germany that had been exacerbated by digitalization, globalization and the migration crisis.  In Germany, it s a scorched concept because of National Socialism,  she said, referring to Nazism.  The attempt to define  Heimat  for oneself is difficult. That s something that only the young generation born 50 to 60 years after the Holocaust can do unselfconsciously.  Christian Schuele, whose book  Heimat: A Phantom Pain  was published this spring, says the trend and support for far-right parties is driven by a sense of loss of national identity as immigration has surged, especially for those whose towns have shriveled and where local traditions have died out. The current debate is long overdue, he says, noting the election revealed deep cracks in society caused by the lack of integration of many from the country s formerly communist east, and others, such as those with backgrounds in Russia and Turkey.  It s definitely a topic that moves people,  said Bianca Kroemer, spokeswoman for Berlin s Dussmann bookstore, which has a whole section focused on the issue.  Heimat  is in vogue,  agreed Juergen Kron, managing director of the Duesseldorf-based Droste Verlag, whose focus on regional titles had kept sales up despite the overall drop in the publishing market. National pride became acceptable for the first time since the Nazi era during the summer of 2006, when Germans reveled in their hosting of the soccer World Cup by waving flags long associated only with the far-right. In recent years, the  buy local  movement has fueled interest in regional books of all kinds, Kron said. Next week s Frankfurt Book Fair will feature nearly a dozen events related to the subject of homeland. Dorothea Suh, a 33-year-old music teacher in Hamburg whose parents came from South Korea two years before her birth, worries that the discussion about German identity comes too late and that other parties will ultimately co-opt the AfD s agenda. Stung by recent experiences - including a neighbor yelling  Foreigners out,  Suh is actively planning to emigrate.  Germany is my home. I don t want to leave, but I m starting to feel like a stranger in my own country,  Suh said.  I don t want to wait too long and then find myself facing closed doors.  ",1
17910,Austria's Freedom Party suspends member over Nazi allegations,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s far right Freedom Party, days before parliamentary elections which are expected to catapult it into government,  has suspended a low-level party official over allegations he used a Nazi salute. The party is poised to become part of a coalition after the Oct. 15 vote with the conservatives expected to gain around a third of the vote. Both parties campaign with tough rhetoric on fighting immigration and closed Islamic communities. Austrian newspaper Der Standard reported, without citing names, that an independent local councillor in the province of Styria complained to her mayor about having seen her Freedom Party colleague raising his right arm in Nazi-fashion and saying the Nazi salute  Heil Hitler . Owning objects or making statements that glorify Nazism is illegal in Austria, where Hitler was born and which was annexed into his Third Reich. Josef Riemer, the Freedom Party parliamentarian for the constituency, said in an emailed statement the party was taking the accusations very seriously and had suspended the official s membership until the case was resolved. He added the official rejects the allegations and had already hired a lawyer. The mayor s lawyer Dieter Neger, who declined to identify the town or anyone involved, said he would officially hand the case, which he said included two witness statements, to prosecutors in the city of Graz later on Tuesday. The Freedom Party, which was founded by former Nazis but says it has left its past behind, has repeatedly thrown out officials in recent years over Nazi allegations. Party chief Heinz-Christian Strache, who says anti-Semitism is a crime, has said Christian Europe shares an enemy with Israel in political Islam. Austria s anti-fascist Mauthausen Komitee, named after a Nazi concentration camp, published a brochure this year detailing 60 cases of Nazi-related incidents involving Freedom Party members.  ",1
17911,Iran has 'all options on table' if U.S. blacklists Revolutionary Guards: ISNA,"LONDON (Reuters) - A top aide to Iran s Supreme Leader warned the United States on Tuesday against designating the elite Revolutionary Guards as a terrorist group, saying Tehran has  all options on table , news agency ISNA reported.   The Americans are supporting Daesh (Islamic State). That s why they are angry with the Revolutionary Guards. But they are too small to be able to harm the Revolutionary Guards,  Ali Akbar Velayati, the top adviser to Iran s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, was quoted as saying by ISNA.  Whatever they do we will take reciprocal measures. We have all options on the table,  he added. ",1
17912,Five killed in sectarian attack in Pakistan,"QUETTA, Pakistan (Reuters) - (This October 9 story has been refiled to correct paragraphs 1, 5 after police revise toll to three Hazaras killed, not five.) Gunmen killed five men, including three Shia Muslims from the ethnic Hazara minority, in southwest Pakistan on Monday, a police official said, giving details of the second shooting targeting Hazaras in a month. The attack took place in Quetta, where nearly half a million Hazaras have settled since fleeing Afghanistan to escape the violence in their homeland during the past four decades.     The attackers opened fire from a motorcycle killing the five men who were traveling in the back of a pick-up truck, on their way to sell vegetables at a market, the official said.   It was a sectarian target killing,  senior police officer Malik Nisar told Reuters, adding that the attackers escaped after opening fire.   It was unclear initially, but now we know that it was three Hazaras among the five people killed,  he said.  No group has claimed responsibility for the attack.  Hazaras are frequently targeted by Taliban and Islamic State militants, and other Sunni Muslim militant groups in both Pakistan and Afghanistan. More than 20 Hazaras have been killed in similar shootings in Baluchistan in the past two years, police say. In 2013, three separate bombings killed over 200 people in Hazara neighborhoods, raising international awareness of the plight of the community. The ongoing violence in Pakistan s Baluchistan province has fueled concern about security for projects in the $57-billion China Pakistan Economic Corridor, a transport and energy link planned to run from western China to Pakistan s southern deep-water port of Gwadar. A suicide bombing at a Sufi shrine in the Baluch town of Jhal Magsi on Thursday killed 22 people and wounded more than 30 others.  The bombing was claimed by Islamic State and is the latest sectarian attack in the restive province.  Taliban and other Sunni Islamist militants are active in the province, while ethnic Baluch separatists have run a low level insurgency for decades, mounting attacks on security forces and other targets linked to the central government.  Elsewhere in Pakistan on Monday, an official said gunmen killed three soldiers and wounded eight in an attack on their vehicle in the semi-autonomous tribal region of North Waziristan. North Waziristan was a Taliban stronghold until 2014, when Pakistan s military launched a major offensive against the group and pushed many of its fighters across the border into Afghanistan. Following Monday s attack, security forces closed off roads in Razmak district, and surrounding villages. ",1
17913,Vaccination begins in Bangladesh camps to head off cholera outbreak,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - The World Health Organization (WHO) began distributing 900,000 doses of cholera vaccine on Tuesday in Bangladesh s camps for Rohingya refugees fleeing from Myanmar, as authorities rush to prevent a major outbreak of the deadly disease. More than 10,000 cases of diarrhea have been reported in the past week alone, the WHO said. Doctors in two clinics have told Reuters that there have been several cases of patients with the symptoms of cholera, a virulent diarrhea that kills within 36 hours if not treated. Cholera has not been identified in testing of patient samples by Bangladesh s health ministry, although clinics say they are waiting for results for some samples sent last week.  There is a clear risk for cholera,  said Dr N. Paranietharan, the WHO s representative in Bangladesh.   Sporadic cases are inevitable (but) we are not expecting a major outbreak like Yemen,  he said. War-torn Yemen is in the grip of a cholera crisis, with more than 750,000 sufferers afflicted by the bacteria, which is spread when contaminated faeces is ingested by humans, usually through the water supply. The cholera vaccination campaign in Bangladesh, the second largest in history, will be crucial to containing any outbreak, said Paranietharan. More than 1,000 people will fan out across the sprawling camps on the southern tip of Bangladesh that are home to more than 519,000 Rohingya Muslims.  The Rohingya fled Buddhist-majority Myanmar when government forces launched a ferocious offensive, denounced by the United Nations as ethnic cleansing, in response to a series of Rohingya militant attacks on security posts on Aug. 25. In pounding heat and stifling humidity, traumatized and malnourished refugees are crammed into bamboo and canvas huts packed across muddy hillsides. Faeces lies in lanes that flood in the pouring rain. More than 3,000 latrines have been installed but many overflow and sit above pools and creeks where refugees bathe. Many new wells for drinking water are shallow and have become contaminated by sewage, said Paranietharan.  While we are doing this vaccination, it is not an alternative to fixing the water, sanitation and hygiene intervention, it just buys us time,  he said.  Sanitary facilities and hygiene promotion have still not met the standards. They need to be improved quickly.  In a dysentery clinic in Kutupalong camp run by the Medical Teams International group, patients with severe diarrhea lie motionless, moaning as intravenous fluid flows into them.  I believe we are facing a tsunami. We just don t know if it s going to be 10 feet or 50 feet,  said Bruce Murray, a physician at the clinic.  Cholera is known to be endemic in Bangladesh and now we are bringing in half a million people in squalid conditions and it s got to be inevitable. It s a matter of when it hits, rather than if,  he said. Murray said there could be  tens of thousands  of victims in an outbreak. Paranietharan said his organization had the capacity to handle 70,000 cholera cases.  As well as a handful of clinics, mobile teams are ready to go to inaccessible parts of the camps with oral rehydration salts that can save cholera patients if they can t get access to intravenous fluids. Aid workers worry they lack the staff to get the vaccines out quickly, while the WHO says it urgently needs $10.2 million to do the job properly. The first round of the vaccination campaign will cover 650,000 people aged one year and older. A second round will target 250,000 children aged between one and five with an additional dose for extra protection. ",1
17914,"Fukushima court rules Tepco, government liable over 2011 disaster: media","TOKYO (Reuters) - A district court in Fukushima prefecture on Tuesday ruled that Tokyo Electric Power and the Japanese government were liable for damages totaling about 500 million yen ($4.44 million) in the largest class action lawsuit brought over the 2011 nuclear disaster, Kyodo news agency said. A group of about 3,800 people, mostly in Fukushima prefecture, filed the class action suit, marking the biggest number of plaintiffs out of about 30 similar class action lawsuits filed across the nation. This is the second court ruling that fixed the government s responsibility after a Maebashi district court decision in March. All the three district court decisions so far have ordered Tepco to pay damages. Only the Chiba court decision last month did not find the government liable for compensation. The plaintiffs in Fukushima case have called on defendants for reinstating the levels of radioactivity at their homes before the disaster, but the court rejected the request, Kyodo said. Tepco has long been criticized for ignoring the threat posed by natural disasters to the Fukushima plant and the company and the government were lambasted for their handling of the crisis.     ",1
17915,New Zealand forestry a first test in nationalist party's protectionist agenda,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - Some New Zealand forest owners are suspending replanting of trees and re-thinking investments as the country s third-largest export earner finds itself in the sights of maverick politician Winston Peters  protectionist agenda.  The election king-maker last week said he would prioritize a restructure of the forest industry in closely-watched coalition talks with major parties after last month s inconclusive election result. The plan includes a possible quota system which would force growers to favor local mills over a higher-paying export market. Exports of forest products totaled around NZ$4.75 billion ($3.36 billion) in 2015, with China the top destination. That has put the Pacific nation s lucrative forestry sector at the heart of concerns that New Zealand First in power will spell greater government intervention in New Zealand s small, outward facing economy.  Every time the government has done something like that we get what you call a hole in the supply of timber and we re going into a hole now, an undersupply,  said Joe Carr, the owner of a privately-held logging business managing 500 hectares of forest in the far north of the country. Carr is holding off replanting 60 hectares of his land due to the possible restrictions and said on average growers were paid a third less to sell logs locally than to export them. He said his son was re-thinking whether his family should stick to forestry after 44 years in the business. FREE-MARKETEER New Zealand s plantation forests, like much of the country s industry, were opened up to private investment in the early 1990s after sweeping economic reforms the previous decade. Peters  comments signal a stark change from New Zealand s role as a global test-bed for free market reforms since the 1980s. The New Zealand First Party is also pushing for significant curbs on migration, restrictions on foreign ownership of land and favors more central bank intervention in the foreign exchange market. Peters, a consummate pragmatist, is considered unlikely to insist on his more radical ideas. He has served in governments with both the Labour and National parties in the past without major economic overhaul. But the 72-year old is also looking to cement his legacy in what is likely to be his last major hold on power after 40 years in politics.   Definitely, if he negotiates hard on some of these things, we could see a more interventionist approach than we have in the past,  said Catherine Beard, head of industry association Business NZ.  MILLION-DOLLAR HIT The idea is a quota-system would force more logs to be sold and processed locally, adding value to the NZ$270 billion economy. The industry could process around 20 percent more than the current 8 million cubic meters each year with more reliable supply, said Kevin Hing, deputy director of the New Zealand Timber Industry Federation, which represents sawmillers.  We recognize that log export is an option for many forest owners, but we don t want that to be at the expense of domestic processing,  Hing said. Forestry owners say big companies already favor local processors and the proposals would have a disproportionate impact on small forest growers. They worry the prospect of curbed earnings would lead growers to hold off planting, reducing the supply of logs.   The unintended consequence of that, which I don t think Winston Peters has thought through, is that you actually devalue that asset and you chase investors away,  said Peter Clark, CEO of forestry service firm PF Olsen Limited. He said such quotas would knock hundreds of millions of New Zealand dollars off timber assets. New Zealand s privately-owned forests, mostly pinus radiata that grow much faster than in their native California, are worth NZ$25-NZ$30 billion. Peters has also said foreign ownership restrictions would be a large part of this week s negotiations talks.  He called the high concentration of foreign ownership  crazy  in an August speech on his plans for the forestry sector. Just over half of the country s forests are owned by offshore companies, according to the New Zealand Institute of Forestry.  NZ First, in government, will seriously tighten up the ability of foreigners to buy our land,  Peters said August. All of this is making some overseas investors nervous.  They re saying if it gets much harder they think that their head office offshore will start looking at New Zealand ... and say:  Do we, long term, want to continue investing in here or do we slowly start withdrawing? ,  said Warwick Searle, the head of agribusiness at investment consultant CBRE. An official for state-owned China Forestry Group, which owns about 22,000 hectares of New Zealand forest, said overseas ownership was already carefully regulated by the country s authorities and quotas would also make it harder to operate.  We hope that New Zealand remains open for business,  Steve Walker, the firm s local chief operating officer, in an email. ",1
17916,The Basque Country: Spain's effective but expensive antidote to secession," (This Oct. 9 story has been refiled to add a dropped word in the headline) By Sonya Dowsett BILBAO, Spain (Reuters) - As Spain and Catalonia head toward a constitutional collision over the region s claim to independence, lawmakers on both sides of the crisis are pointing to a way out: north, to Basque Country. Among the verdant mountains of Basque Country, which borders France, a once-violent campaign for independence has petered out, with generous fiscal autonomy from Madrid helping to keep popular agitation for independence in check.  We don t have that economic resentment,  Aitor Esteban, organizer for the Basque National Party in Spain s parliament, told Reuters in an interview at party headquarters in Bilbao.  People don t feel that need to act upon a grievance about money; that makes a big difference.  The Catalan government is not calling for a Basque-style deal, insisting instead on independence after declaring overwhelming support for secession in an Oct. 1 referendum banned by Madrid. But the most moderate lawmakers in the region s ruling coalition privately say they could drop independence claims if they were given the tax autonomy that Basque Country enjoys. In Madrid, some socialists have suggested it could serve as a model for a compromise that would defuse Spain s biggest political crisis since a failed coup in 1981, although the cost to the central government would be significant. Basque staged modest protests over Madrid s violent crackdown on Catalonia s referendum, but the crisis has failed to rekindle secessionist fervor on the streets of Bilbao, the Basque capital nestled on the banks of the Nervion. Catalan flags hang from balconies alongside the Basque flag in a sign of solidarity, but Bilbao is prosperous and peaceful. Where once unionist politicians needed bodyguards and car bombings were a constant fear, tourists now crowd the taverns of the old town and the world-famous Guggenheim museum. Just 17 percent of Basques want independence and less than half would like to hold a referendum on the issue, according to a poll carried out by the university of Deusto. Basque militant group ETA, which killed more than 850 people in a decades-long campaign to carve out a separate state, effectively ended its armed resistance this year when it surrendered its weapons. The region now has one of the highest economic outputs per capita and one of the lowest unemployment rates in Spain.  The independence debate is on standby in Basque Country because of great fatigue after years of violence and uncertainty after the economic crisis,  said Xabier Barandiaran, professor of sociology at Deusto University. Basque s fiscal autonomy is among the most generous of any region in Europe, dating back to the 19th century and enshrined in Spain s 1978 constitution. If it were to be extended to Catalonia, an economically more powerful region accounting for a fifth of national production, the Spanish state would lose about 16 billion euros, according to a 2014 study by research house CSIC. That would equal about 13 percent of next year s budget and affect Spain s deficit and borrowing costs. For that reason, Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has ruled out such generous treatment for Catalonia. Under Basque s accord with Madrid, the region collects nearly all its own taxes, which are forecast to total 13 billion euros ($15 billion) this year. It is due to return 800 million euros to Madrid in what is known as an annual quota to cover the costs of national expenses such as defense or infrastructure. Rajoy has sweetened that arrangement since he regained power at the head of a minority government last year, as the price of securing Basque National Party support for his 2017 budget. It has proved unpopular with other regions who would almost certainly oppose any similar deal for Catalonia, as it would mean cutting their share of state revenue. Typically, regions pass taxes to Madrid which redistributes money back to them according to a formula that favors the poorer regions. Former Catalan leader Artur Mas tried to hold talks with Rajoy in 2012 about granting Catalonia powers to raise and spend its own taxes, but the prospect of negotiations in the current climate look bleak. Catalonia has long said it pays a disproportionate level of taxes to Madrid in relation to the central funding it receives. A study backed by the Budget Ministry says Catalonia pays to the state 9.9 billion euros more than it receives. The Catalan economy ministry says this is even higher. Economists say an overhaul of the fiscal relationship between Madrid and the regions is overdue because the current system has led to intense tax competition between regions. Some autonomous communities have become under-financed, resulting in cuts in public services.  Now the situation is so critical, there might just be the political momentum needed to tackle it,  said Antonio Garcia Pascual of Barclays Capital. ",1
17917,"Tunisian navy rescues 100 migrants, hours after eight drown","TUNIS (Reuters) - Tunisia s navy rescued almost 100 migrants from a sinking boat off its southeast coast late on Monday, authorities said, hours after eight people being smuggled to Europe drowned in the same stretch of water. The incidents coincided with the launch of joint patrols by the Tunisian and Italian navies to stem migrant flows and carry out search and rescue operations in the area, the Tunisian Defense Ministry said. Tunisia s coast has become the launch pad of choice for traffickers transporting migrants from North Africa across the Mediterranean. Wooden boats packed with migrants, their numbers often swelled by young Tunisians seeking work in Europe, have started landing on secluded Sicilian beaches, often in broad daylight. Activity via Libya, until recently the busiest country of departure on that route, has declined since July as its coast guard and an armed group in the smuggling hub of Sabratha tightened controls. The Tunisian Interior Ministry said late on Monday the coast guard pulled 98 Tunisians, including three children, from the sinking vessel near the island of Kerkennah. Earlier on Monday at least eight people drowned nearby when another boat carrying dozens of migrants collided with a Tunisian navy vessel. Tunisia has won plaudits from abroad for its transition to democracy since 2011, when an uprising toppled autocrat Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali. But unemployment remains high, especially among the country s youth. ",1
17918,Thai junta sets firm date for election after many false starts,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand will hold a general election in November 2018, Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha said on Tuesday, the most precise date he has given yet for the vote since taking power in a 2014 military coup. Prayuth, head of the ruling junta, said the exact date would be announced in June 2018. The junta has announced election dates at least two times in the past, only to push them back later, citing concerns such as changes to the constitution and security issues.  Around June we will announce the date for the next election,  Prayuth told reporters at Bangkok s Government House.  In November we will have an election.  Former army chief Prayuth, who led the May 2014 coup widely criticized by Western nations, said it was necessary to end a decade of political turbulence and root out corruption. In April, King Maha Vajiralongkorn signed into law a military-backed constitution that kickstarts the process for an election the junta has promised will restore democracy. The new charter provides for a proportional voting system likely to reduce the influence of major political parties, which critics say aims to strengthen the role of the military.  Analysts expect political activities to resume slowly after the funeral of King Bhumibol Adulyadej this month ends a year of mourning for a monarch many Thais saw as a father figure.   Prayuth wants to delay the election but he knows that after the king s cremation, there will be pressure for an election,  said Kan Yuenyong of the Siam Intelligence Unit think tank.  This announcement for the election in November next year will act to reduce that pressure, because if not, there could be chances for protests,  he told Reuters. Thailand s main stock index rose 0.7 percent after the news, having opened Tuesday down 0.3 percent. The government has faced increasing pressure to lift a ban on political activities levied soon after the coup. Prayuth will consider lifting the ban  at an appropriate time , he told reporters, without giving details. The junta had initially promised an election in 2015, after seizing power from the government of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, sister of Thaksin Shinawatra. Thaksin s governments, or those backed by him, have won every election since 2001, partly because of their overwhelming popularity with politically-powerful rural voters. But the Shinawatras made enemies, including those among the military-backed establishment who accused Thaksin and his allies of corruption.  Thaksin was ousted in 2006 and lives abroad in self-imposed exile. Yingluck followed suit in August, when she fled Thailand ahead of the verdict in a criminal case.  Some politicians expressed skepticism over the election date.  It isn t really believable, because they have changed it many times,  said Chaturon Chaisang, a member of Thaksin s Puea Thai Party. Ong-art Klampaiboon, deputy leader of the Democrat Party, Puea Thai s biggest competitor, welcomed the news.  The election date creates clarity,  Ong-art said.  This should be good for the country and the people.  ",1
17919,Philippine lawmakers reject fifth Duterte cabinet pick,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine lawmakers rejected President Rodrigo Duterte s choice of health secretary on Tuesday, making her the fifth cabinet member to have been turned down since Duterte came to power. No reason was given for the rejection of Paulyn Ubial, who has been in public office for 27 years.  In the Philippines, all cabinet ministers must be approved by the Commission on Appointments and hearings can take place long after they start work. Senator Gregorio Honasan, chairman of the commission s health committee, said it had decided to  withhold its consent  to the appointment of Ubial. He did not elaborate. Presidential spokesman Ernesto Abella expressed regret, saying the government was grateful for her service. Duterte has enjoyed strong opinion poll numbers since winning the presidency in last year s elections but heavy scrutiny of his war on drugs, which has killed thousands of Filipinos, appears to have impacted his ratings. Trust and satisfaction in Duterte fell to the lowest of his presidency in the third quarter of this year, a survey showed on Sunday, although sentiment about his leadership remained positive overall.  Lawmakers have also rejected the appointments of Duterte s foreign, environment, agrarian reform and social welfare ministers. Two of the ministers were recommended by Maoist rebel leaders who were still talking peace with the government. Duterte has stopped the negotiations because of continuing violence. Duterte s picks for foreign and environment ministers, Alan Peter Cayetano and Roy Cimatu, have been confirmed. ",1
17920,Factbox: Japan main parties' key election pledges ahead of October 22 vote,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Campaigning began on Tuesday in an election that pits Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s Liberal Democratic Party against the fledgling Party of Hope led by Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike and other smaller parties contesting seats in Japan s more powerful lower house of parliament. The following are the stances on key policies from the LDP, Party of Hope and the Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan (CDPJ), another new party made up of the rump of the disbanded opposition Democratic Party. The election is Oct. 22. - Proceed with a planned sales tax hike in 2019 to 10 percent from the current 8 percent. Use part of the revenue from the increase for childcare and welfare programs.       Hope - Freeze the scheduled sales tax hike to ensure economic recovery. - The sales tax should not be raised to 10 percent at once. - Accelerate the  Abenomics  recipe of hyper-easy monetary policy and fiscal spending to realize economic recovery and break away from deflation.    - Maintain the objective of turning Japan s budget balance to a surplus, without setting a deadline for achieving it. The party previously said it aimed to hit the goal by fiscal 2020.  - Boost Japan s productivity and cope with labor shortages through innovation in such areas as robots, Internet of Things and artificial intelligence. - Maintain the Bank of Japan s ultra-easy monetary policy as debate on withdrawing the stimulus is premature. Hope  - Scrap over-reliance on fiscal spending and monetary easing. Maintain the Bank of Japan s massive stimulus for the time being, but call on the government and the BOJ to work together to seek a smooth exit from ultra-loose monetary policy. - Impose tax on companies  huge internal reserves and use the proceeds to improve Japan s fiscal health and make up for a shortfall of revenues from freezing the sales tax hike.   - Seek to adopt a  basic income  system, in which all citizens receive a set amount of money on a regular basis, to help low-income households. - Maintain the Bank of Japan s ultra-easy policy for the time being but urge the central bank to work with the government to seek a smooth withdrawal of stimulus in the future. - Boost wages of childcare and nursing care workers.  - Put a cap on working hours and raise minimum wages. - Realize  equal pay for equal work . - Revise the pacifist constitution to provide a firm legal basis for Japan s military, which is called the Self-Defense Forces. Article 9 of the constitution, which was drafted by the United States after World War Two, renounces war as a means for resolving international disputes, and the maintenance of armed forces for this purpose. Hope  - Hold debate on possible revisions to Article 9 and other parts of the constitution.    - Oppose the LDP s plan to clarify the status of the military in the constitution.  - Take a leading role as the international community applies pressure on North Korea to convince Pyongyang to abandon its nuclear and missile programs.  - Further solidify Japan s alliance with the United States and strengthen Tokyo s missile defense capabilities. Hope - Echoes the LDP s calls for strict enforcement of sanctions against North Korea, early return of those Japanese nationals abducted by North Korean agents decades ago, and tighter alliance with the United States.     - Use diplomacy to resolve the North Korean crisis peacefully. Uphold exclusively defensive security policy. - Utilize nuclear power as an important part of Japan s  energy mix for now as long as its safety is ensured, but will lower the country s dependence on nuclear energy as more renewable energy sources are introduced. Hope - End nuclear power by 2030 amid public safety worries after the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster. Offer government aid on research to increase the ratio of renewable energy to 30 percent.  - Put an end to nuclear power as soon as possible.   ",1
17921,Poland's ruling party tightens grip on big state firms,"WARSAW (Reuters) - When presidential aide Malgorzata Sadurska joined the board of Poland s biggest and oldest insurance company this summer, her lack of business experience was no obstacle. Her main qualification to help run state-owned Powszechny Zaklad Ubezpieczen (PZU) was something else   loyalty to the ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party. What PZU needs is  a person who knows the PiS program and is a guarantee that it will be implemented,  parliamentary deputy Marek Suski told radio RMF FM as the conservative PiS took to the airwaves to explain her appointment in June. Her task, he said, was  to implement the program of the government, which is to repair Poland.  Sadurska, 41, is one of hundreds of loyalists brought in to state companies by PiS to tighten its grip on big business and help it implement its conservative, nationalist-minded policies since it returned to power in 2015 after an eight-year absence.  The aim is not only to ensure loyalty in major companies and give PiS a say in their personnel, investment and policy decisions.  It has also enabled PiS to use such firms as vehicles to buy out foreign interests in the banking and energy sectors, with a U.S.-owned news channel, TVN24, seen by some business leaders as a likely next target because it is critical of the government. Opponents fear public procurement and financing rules are being blurred, giving PiS access to large advertising budgets which can be used to fund publicity campaigns or events that promote the party s agenda. This, they fear, will deepen the concerns of Poland s European Union partners about what they see as an assault on the rule of law and democracy since PiS set its sights on asserting its power over the economy, the judiciary and the media. Aleksander Laszek, chief economist at the Civil Development Forum (FOR), a Warsaw-based economic policy think tank known for its liberal view on the economy, said the PiS moves to assert control of big business were  exceptionally strong and brazen.  Sadurska s responsibilities at PZU include real estate, strategic partnership programs and bancassurance, under which an insurance company can sell its products to a bank s client base, PZU said.  PZU officials gave no further details of what she has done since joining the board.   Before her appointment, she had no experience in insurance, finance or business beyond an MBA in business management from her native Lublin region in eastern Poland.  But she had won a reputation for dedication to the PiS cause since first being elected to the lower house of parliament in 2005. She has served as secretary of state responsible for labor and social policy and was chief of President Andrzej Duda s chancellery for almost two years from August 2015. Contacted by phone, Sadurska directed Reuters to the PZU press office, which declined to answer emailed questions about her appointment or PZU business policy. Suski also declined to give any details to Reuters. Asked whether Sadurska had been appointed to PZU to implement PiS policy, he said:  She is a very good professional . PZU has not said how much Sadurska is paid. Her predecessor, according to PZU financial records, received the equivalent of just over 22,000 euros ($25,850) a month.  After a series of personnel changes in the past two years that appear to reward political loyalty, the government now has greater control of the more than 200-year-old firm than at any time since four decades of communist rule ended in 1989.  PZU s chief executive officer, Pawel Surowka, is among the recent appointees. An experienced manager who also worked at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, he was named CEO in April and had been brought in to head PZU s life insurance arm in 2016. Surowka has said it is normal that a company such as his would  try to fit in  with government economic policy. Government influence has not had any discernible impact on the price of PZU insurance, but PZU s share price has risen by 39 percent this year.  The PiS  business policy has attracted less attention than its overhaul of the judiciary but the heads of most big state firms have been replaced in the last two years, sweeping away officials appointed under the previous, centrist government. Politics and business rarely act in isolation in any country, and it is not unusual for politicians to cross from parliament to boardroom. But the extent of political control over big state business in Poland alarms government critics. PZU, with 27,000 employees and a market value of about $10.9 billion, has a pivotal role to play in the PiS plans. Late last year, PZU teamed up with the state-run Polish Development Fund to buy back state control over Poland s second-biggest bank, Bank Pekao SA, from Italian UniCredit. Other state firms have also been used as buyout vehicles. In March, state-controlled utility Enea closed a deal to buy a power plant from French Engie and in May Poland s biggest power producer, PGE, announced it would buy French group EDF s local power and heating plants. Some business leaders expect PiS, in tandem with Poland s biggest bank, state-run PKO Bank Polski, to move soon to buy out TVN24   and silence its criticism. A PKO BP spokeswoman dismissed the speculation, saying:  There are no such plans ... We don t have this (buying media) in our statute.   But a manager at PKO BP, speaking on condition of anonymity, said such a move was likely.  Most probably it will be PZU along with PKO that will buy TVN, though no decision has been made,  the manager said. Discovery Communications Inc, which is acquiring TVN24-owner Scripps Networks Interactive Inc., said:  Our policy is to not comment on market speculation or rumors.  PZU has also become a big sponsor of events and campaigns that dovetail with PiS policy. When a publicity campaign began last month in support of the government s planned judicial reform, it was launched by a foundation funded by state-controlled companies including PZU. On Aug. 1, PZU s Warsaw headquarters were illuminated with a symbol of Poland s underground resistance to mark the anniversary of the failed 1944 Warsaw Uprising against  occupation by Nazi Germany. PiS has put promotion of Polish wartime victimhood at the center of its appeal to nationalism. Last month, PZU sponsored a picnic organized by an outspoken Catholic priest, Tadeusz Rydzyk, with whom PiS has built an increasingly close alliance. ",1
17922,U.N. assisting thousands of migrants in Libyan smuggling hub,"TUNIS/TRIPOLI (Reuters) - U.N. agencies said on Monday they were trying to provide urgent help to large numbers of migrants held and then stranded in the smuggling hub of Sabratha as rival factions battled for control of the city. At least 4,000 migrants, including pregnant women, newborn babies and unaccompanied children, have been transferred from informal camps and housing to a hangar in the city since the clashes ended on Friday, the International Organization for Migration (IOM) said. The U.N. refugee agency, UNHCR, said some 6,000 had been held at the informal sites. Hundreds of migrants who had left Sabratha arrived in Zuwara, about 25 km (15 miles) to the west, on foot along the beach, said Sadeeq Al-Jayash, head of Zuwara s emergency committee.  They come walking in groups ... for example there were various groups that came on Sunday   50, then 100 and 200 at night,  said Jayash. There were about 1,700 migrants currently in Zuwara  in desperate need of help , he said.  Sabratha has been the most common point of departure for mostly sub-Saharan African migrants trying to cross the Mediterranean by boat from Libya.  But the number of crossings dropped sharply in July after an armed group struck a deal with officials from the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli to block departures, under pressure from Italy and other European Union member states. That set off three weeks of fighting among rival factions that left at least 43 dead and 340 wounded, according to a new health ministry toll, and ended with the withdrawal of the armed group. The migrants who have since been rounded up were being held at sites that the group had controlled, local officials said.   We are seriously concerned by the large number of migrants caught up in recent developments in Sabratha,  Othman Belbeisi, IOM Libya chief of mission, said in a statement.    Some migrants are being sent on to detention centers elsewhere in western Libya that are nominally under the control of the Tripoli government. IOM officials say those centers, which were housing some 5,000 migrants, risk being overwhelmed by the new arrivals. Conditions in the centers are often dire and abuse widespread.     Alternatives to detention must be found for migrants in Libya. In the meantime, IOM continues to provide direct humanitarian, health and psychosocial assistance to meet the urgent needs of the thousands of migrants being affected,  Belbeisi said.  Local sources have previously said that an estimated 10,000 migrants were being held in the Sabratha area. The head of Sabratha s department for countering illegal migration told Reuters on Saturday that help was badly needed as some migrants had received no food or water for six days. The UNHCR said it had approached Libyan authorities to ensure that refugees among the migrants were freed from detention. ",1
17923,Australian High Court sits to resolve lawmakers' citizenship crisis,"CANBERRA (Reuters) - Australia s High Court began a three-day hearing on Tuesday to determine the eligibility of seven lawmakers who may hold dual citizenship, a case that could determine whether the government is able to maintain its razor-thin majority. Australia s parliament was rocked by revelations in August that the seven politicians, including the deputy prime minister and two other Cabinet members in Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull s coalition government, are dual citizens. That means they are potentially ineligible to hold elected office under Australia s constitution. Turnbull s unpopular center-right government holds just a one-seat majority in parliament, meaning its future could rest on the outcome of the citizenship crisis. The seven lawmakers accept they were dual nationals at the time of their election last year but the government argues that five of them, including all three Cabinet members, should be cleared because they were unaware that they had contravened the constitutional requirement at the time. Australian Solicitor-General Stephen Donaghue urged the seven justices of the High Court not to interpret the constitution literally. Donaghue said instead the constitution should only disqualify politicians if they had prior knowledge that they may be dual citizens but did not take  reasonable steps  to investigate and renounce their second citizenship where needed. A ruling could come as soon as Thursday. Should the High Court rule Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce, the sole lower house lawmaker caught up in the crisis, is ineligible, Turnbull will then need to win the support of one of three independent lawmakers to keep his minority government. Joyce acquired dual citizenship from his New Zealand-born father. He said in a submission to the court he believed that his father had renounced his New Zealand citizenship before he was born. He did not know until he was 10 that his father was still a New Zealand citizen, Joyce said. Turnbull s government is already in a minority in the upper house Senate and, should the High Court disqualify all seven lawmakers, he will face a government reshuffle after losing two more Cabinet members who are senators. Support for Turnbull continues to languish near a six-month low, but political analysts believe he might receive a boost if he is able to win passage of a same-sex marriage bill. Turnbull s government won High Court approval last month to stage a non-binding postal survey on the issue, which is widely popular among Australians. Results of that poll will be announced on Nov. 15. ",1
17924,We're all human: 'Nudge' theorist Thaler wins economics Nobel," STOCKHOLM/CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. academic Richard Thaler, who helped popularize the idea of  nudging  people towards doing what was best for them, won the 2017 Nobel Economics Prize on Monday for his work on how human nature affects supposedly rational markets.  Influential in the field of behavioral economics, his research showed how traits such as lack of self-control and fear of losing what you already have prompt decisions that may not have the best outcome in the longer term.   I think the most important impact (of my research) is the recognition that economic agents are human and economic models have to incorporate that,  Thaler, a professor at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business, said in a call broadcast at the Nobel news conference.  Asked at a separate news conference in Chicago if it was difficult to get traditional, data-oriented economists to embrace his ideas, Thaler said it was ""impossible...economists don't do a lot of embracing actually.""  Awarding the 9 million Swedish crown ($1.1 million) prize, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said:  Richard Thaler s contributions have built a bridge between the economic and psychological analyses of individual decision-making.    His empirical findings and theoretical insights have been instrumental in creating the new and rapidly expanding field of behavioral economics, which has had a profound impact on many areas of economic research and policy.   Thaler brought to prominence the idea of  nudge  economics, where individuals are subtly guided toward beneficial behaviors without heavy-handed compulsion, the theme of a 2008 book he co-wrote which caught the eye of policymakers around the world.  In research focused on self control - or the lack of it - Thaler touched on an age-old problem: why New Year s resolutions to change aspects of your life are notoriously hard to keep.  The issue has relevance for economics as individuals  tendency to fall prey to temptation often negatively affects plans to, for instance, save for retirement.  Together with Professor Cass Sunstein, he argued that society - while maintaining freedom of choice - should actively try to guide individuals in the right direction.  Their book, titled  Nudge: Improving Decisions about Health, Wealth, and Happiness  became popular with some western politicians seeking ways to encourage their citizens to save and live healthily, without incurring voters  wrath for raising taxes or banning behavior outright.   This has also been used in public pension systems in the United States and the general idea of  nudging  ... has made a breakthrough in public policy making,  Torsten Persson, economics prize committee member, told Reuters.   There s also a nudging unit for the UK government, there s one for the Australian government, it even affects the Swedish government when they think about these things.   David Laibson, chair of Harvard University s economics department, said many of Thaler s theories have been widely applied by business and government, aiming to get individuals to do a range of actions such as paying parking tickets and getting flu shots.   If you live in a developed country, there s some firm or entity that has read these ideas and started to affect your life,  Laibson said.  Influential in academic circles, the movie-going public may have noticed Thaler make a brief cameo in the 2015 film  The Big Short , explaining the so-called  hot-hand fallacy  where past success is expected to also warrant success in the future, with pop star Selena Gomez.   I basically have made a career stealing ideas from psychologists,  Thaler joked at the Chicago news conference.  Asked how he would spend his prize money, he said:   I will spend it as irrationally as possible.   The economics prize, officially called the Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel, was established in 1968. It was not part of the original group of awards set out in dynamite tycoon Nobel s 1895 will.  Economy is the last of this year s Nobels, with prizes for physiology or medicine, physics, chemistry, literature and peace awarded last week.  The United States has dominated the economics prize, with American economists accounting for roughly half of laureates since the inception of the award. Indeed, between 2000 and 2013, U.S. academics won or shared the prize every year.  While Americans have dominated the Nobel science and economics prizes, another category of researchers - women - have been few and far between. Indeed only one woman - Elinor Ostrom in 2009 - has won the economics prize to date, and not a single individual woman won any Nobel award in 2017.   We are disappointed looking in a larger perspective that there aren t more women who have been rewarded,  the Academy s secretary general Goran Hansson said.  He said the Academy would hold a conference to discuss the issue and nominators will be asked to identify women scientists for recognition and also consider ethnic and geographic diversity.   We are concerned, we are taking measures. I hope that in five years, 10 years, we will see a very different distribution,  Hansson said.  (For graphic on Nobel Prize winners, click - tmsnrt.rs/2hMJ6aQ)  ",1
17925,Ten million Australians vote so far in same-sex marriage poll,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Ten million Australians, or 62.5 percent of eligible voters, have cast their votes so far in a postal ballot on whether same-sex marriage should be legalized, the Bureau of Statistics said on Tuesday. That was up from an estimate of 9.2 million made a week ago. Australians began voting last month in the non-binding poll to inform the government on whether voters wanted Australia to become the 25th nation to permit same-sex marriage. The results will be announced on Nov. 15. The response rate already surpasses the 60.5 percent reached in Ireland s same-sex marriage referendum in 2015. ",1
17926,Most Britons want May to lead through Brexit process -Telegraph,"(Reuters) - About six in 10 people want British Prime Minister Theresa May to remain in her position until the Brexit process is completed, an ORB poll for the Telegraph showed on Monday. The poll, carried out the weekend following May s speech to the Conservative Party s annual conference, found that 57 percent of voters agreed that the prime minister should stay on at least until Brexit negotiations are completed in March 2019. Only one in five, in a survey of more than 2,000 voters, thought that Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson would make a better replacement to May. May s bid to reassert her dwindling authority seemed to be stymied last week when her speech was interrupted by repeated coughing fits, a prankster, and even letters of her slogan falling off the set behind her. The speech comes just months after a June snap election saw her party lose its majority in parliament days before the opening of formal Brexit talks with the European Union. However, in sharp contrast, the ORB poll for the Telegraph published on Monday showed that just 46 percent of voters thought May was  not fit to lead  and 43 percent disagreed with this statement. Support for May s Conservative Party is currently running at 40 percent in opinion polls, the newspaper said.  Ironically last week may have actually won the PM some more support. Between pranksters, leadership challenges, set failures and a nasty cough it seems that comes  the public have rallied somewhat to her deference,  Johnny Heald, spokesman for pollster ORB International, told the Telegraph. (Corrects number of people surveyed in paragraph 3 to 2,000) ",1
17927,Catalan leader under pressure to drop independence,"BARCELONA/MADRID (Reuters) - Catalonia s secessionist leader faced increased pressure on Monday to abandon plans to declare independence from Spain, with France and Germany expressing support for the country s unity. The Madrid government, grappling with Spain s biggest political crisis since an attempted military coup in 1981, said it would respond immediately to any such unilateral declaration.  A week after a vote on independence which the government did its utmost to thwart, the tension also took its toll on the business climate of Spain s wealthiest region. Three more Catalonia-based companies joined a business exodus from the region that has gathered steam since the Oct. 1 referendum. Property group Inmobiliaria Colonial (COL.MC) and infrastructure firm Abertis (ABE.MC) both decided to relocate their head offices to Madrid and telecoms firm Cellnex (CLNX.MC) said it would do the same for as long as political uncertainty in Catalonia continued. Publishing house Grupo Planeta said it would move its registered office from Barcelona to Madrid if the Catalan parliament unilaterally declared independence. Spain s finance minister said it was the Catalan government s fault the companies were leaving.  Regional leader Carles Puigdemont is due to address the regional parliament on Tuesday afternoon and Madrid is worried it will vote for a unilateral declaration of independence.   Catalan officials say people voted overwhelmingly for secession in the Oct. 1 referendum, which had been declared illegal by the government. Some 900 people were injured on polling day when police fired rubber bullets and stormed crowds with truncheons to disrupt the voting. The issue has deeply divided the northeastern region as well as the Spanish nation. Hundreds of thousands of people demonstrated against breaking away in Barcelona at the weekend. They say the referendum did not show the true will of the region because those who want to stay in Spain mainly boycotted it. Buoyed by the show of support, Spanish Deputy Prime Minister Soraya Saenz de Santamar a said on Monday:  I m calling on the sensible people in the Catalan government ... don t jump off the edge because you ll take the people with you.    If there is a unilateral declaration of independence there will be decisions made to restore law and democracy,  she told COPE radio station. Underlining conflicting pressures on Puigdemont, the small, anti-capitalist Popular Unity Candidacy (CUP) party, which has an outsized influence on his government, said the outcome of the vote must be applied.  We don t want to hold up the declaration of the Catalan republic,  CUP lawmaker Benet Salellas told a news conference. European heavyweights Germany and France weighed in against a split. German Chancellor Angela Merkel spoke to Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy on Saturday, stressing her support for Spain s unity but encouraging dialogue, her spokesman said. France said it would not recognize Catalonia if the region unilaterally declared independence. If secession were recognized it would lead to Catalonia s automatic exit from the European Union, a French junior minister said.  This crisis needs to be resolved through dialogue at all levels of Spanish politics,  France s European affairs minister Nathalie Loiseau said. The European Union has shown no interest in an independent Catalonia, despite an appeal by Puigdemont for Brussels to mediate in the crisis. Under Catalonia s referendum law, deemed unconstitutional by Madrid, a vote for independence in the assembly on Tuesday would start a six-month process envisaging divorce talks with Spain before regional elections and a final act of separation. Rajoy gained some political cover on Monday for the so-called  nuclear option  of removing Catalonia s government and calling new regional elections. Opposition Socialist leader Pedro Sanchez said he would  support the response of the rule of law in the face of any attempt to break social harmony , but stopped short of explicitly saying his party would back dissolving the regional parliament. Barcelona Mayor Ada Colau advised Puigdemont against proclaiming independence on the basis of the referendum results and she urged Rajoy to rule out suspending Catalonia s autonomy. Losing Catalonia, which has its own language and culture, would deprive Spain of a fifth of its economic output and more than a quarter of exports.  The crisis has reopened old divisions in a nation where the right-wing dictatorship of General Francisco Franco is a living memory easily revived by strong displays of nationalism. A spokesman for the ruling People s Party (PP) invoked the memory of former Catalan leader Lluis Companys, who was arrested for declaring independence in 1934 and later executed.    We hope they don t declare anything tomorrow, because anyone doing so might end up like him 83 years ago, in prison,  Pablo Casado told a news conference in Madrid.  Many moderate Spaniards, including in Catalonia, oppose a breakaway. Regional authorities say about 90 percent of votes in the referendum were for secession, but turnout was only 43 percent. Sunday's anti-independence demonstration helped calm financial markets, as did credit rating agencies Moody's and DBRS which said they expected Spain to remain united. Spanish borrowing costs fell to a one-week low and the main share index .IBEX touched a week high. Puigdemont appeared resolute on Sunday, saying the  referendum law called for a declaration of independence in the event of a  yes  vote.  We will apply what the law says,  he told TV3. Catalonia s High Court asked for more security, specifically drafting in the national police, who were called in to stop the referendum when the Catalan police force failed to act. Puigdemont said on Sunday he had not been in contact with the Madrid government for some time because it refused to discuss independence.   What is happening in Catalonia is real, whether they like it or not. Millions of people have voted, who want to decide. We have to talk about this,  he said. Rajoy has said repeatedly he will not talk to the Catalan leaders unless they drop their plans to declare independence. ",1
17928,Romanian PM says he is considering government reshuffle,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romanian Prime Minister Mihai Tudose said on Monday that corruption allegations surrounding three ministers had created problems for the country and his Social Democrat government, adding he was considering a Cabinet reshuffle. Transparency International ranks Romania among the European Union s most corrupt states and Brussels is keeping its justice system under special monitoring.  There are three ministers with problems who are indeed causing difficulties in terms of public perception and in some situations with the European Commission,  Tudose told private television station Antena3. He said he was considering asking the ministers to resign in a  mini-reshuffle.   I will make the announcement this week, first to the party, obviously. I will take responsibility for my proposals and I will ask the (ruling) coalition s vote on them.  Anti-corruption prosecutors said in September they were investigating Deputy Prime Minister Sevil Shhaideh for suspected abuse of office in a land transfer case, and have asked parliament to approve an investigation into European Funds Minister Rovana Plumb linked to the same case. Shhaideh, also a minister for regional development, is a close ally of Social Democrat Party leader Liviu Dragnea, who has received a suspended sentence for vote rigging and is on trial in a separate abuse-of-office case. Prosecutors also asked parliament to approve an investigation into Viorel Ilie, minister in charge of the relationship between the Cabinet and lawmakers, in a case involving allegations of rigging a job contest for clerks at his ministry. Parliament rejected the request earlier this month. Under Romanian legislation, parliament must approve investigations against sitting lawmakers. All three ministers have denied wrongdoing. Tudose also said his relationship with Dragnea was not in a  happy moment . Dragnea holds a tight grip over the party and earlier this year pushed out former Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu in a non-confidence vote. At the start of the year, government attempts to weaken the crackdown on high-level graft triggered Romania s largest street protests in decades. ",1
17929,Catalan bank depositors flock to other regions to open new accounts,"FRAGA, Spain (Reuters) - Some Catalan residents were shifting their bank accounts to lenders and branches in other regions of Spain on Monday with the aim of safeguarding their savings should Catalonia declare independence and tumble out of the European Union. In Fraga, a rural town just across the border in neighboring Aragon, dozens of clients of Caixabank (CABK.MC) and BBVA (BBVA.MC) arrived early in the morning and queued for hours to open accounts. The Catalan parliament may unilaterally declare independence as soon as Tuesday following a banned referendum on Oct. 1 which a majority of voters boycotted but that Catalan leaders say produced an overwhelming majority for secession. Such a move would not have any immediate legal effect because it would be blocked by Spain s constitutional court.  But an eventual break from Spain would leave Catalonia outside the European Union and the consumer protections it offers   a source of uncertainty and fear in the minds of some depositors. A Caixabank spokeswoman told Reuters on Monday there was no deposit flight and that the vast majority of people going to branches to enquire about their money had decided to keep it with the bank.  It s a marginal, short-term issue that has no impact on our branch network. Our operations are absolutely normal,  she said. Bilbao-based BBVA, which bought several Catalan lenders during the crisis and has become the region s second-biggest bank after Caixabank, declined to comment. Even if an independent Catalonia were to persist in using the euro, as non-EU members Kosovo and Montenegro do, its lenders would cease to be supervised by the European Central Bank, whose deposit insurance scheme protects bank customers across the euro zone. Catalonia s biggest banks, Caixabank and Banco Sabadell (SABE.MC), moved their legal bases to other parts of Spain following the Oct. 1 referendum, ensuring they would remain under ECB supervision even if the region does decide to secede. Caixabank said last week it was transferring its legal base from Barcelona to Valencia to reassure clients in Catalonia that their deposits were safe. Sabadell says it has moved its legal base to Alicante. A spokesman for Sabadell said he was aware some clients in specific areas were enquiring about their money but most of them had decided not to leave and no significant impact had been registered. Spain s central government in Madrid has said it will act to stop the region breaking away and promised savers their money will be kept safe. ECB officials have so far declined to comment on the Catalan crisis. The central bank s core roles include protecting depositors by ensuring euro zone lenders keep strong balancesheets as well as overseeing the deposit insurance scheme. In Fraga on Monday, a Reuters reporter saw about 80 people queuing in each of the town s small branches of Caixabank and BBVA.   If Catalonia gets independence, we will have to be able to protect our deposits,  said 70-year-old Jose Sospedra, after opening a new account at the Caixabank branch. He previously had an account at Caixabank in Barcelona. He and his wife had left the Catalan capital at 6 a.m. for the two-hour drive to Fraga, a town of 15,000 on the dusty flatlands south of the Pyrenees mountains. Once there, they had queued for two hours in the bank. Many of their friends in the Catalan capital were traveling outside the region to do the same, Sospedra said. Local newspaper reports identified Vinaroz in Valencia as another town visited by many Catalans to open accounts. Reuters could not independently confirm this. Some Fraga residents said Catalans had been coming to bank branches there since early last week. Vicente Mezquita Gonzalvo, a 66-year-old retiree standing outside Caixabank waving a Spanish flag, said the queues were so long last week that they crossed the street. On Monday, queues extended out of the front doors of the Caixabank and BBVA branches. At one point, a BBVA branch employee told people queuing outside go to elsewhere in Aragon because there would not be enough time to deal with them all. ",1
17930,"Seeking to relaunch social agenda, UK's May to address racial disparity","LONDON (Reuters) - Ethnic minorities in Britain have a lower employment rate than white people and are under-represented in senior public sector jobs, Prime Minister Theresa May will say on Tuesday, releasing the findings of a government audit on racial disparity.   Bogged down by Brexit and a botched snap election since taking control of the ruling Conservative party last July, May has struggled to deliver on social reforms to tackle what she has called  burning injustices  that exist in Britain. Attempting to relaunch that agenda, May will publish the findings of a  Race Disparity Audit , which will not, she says, come as a surprise to many.   People who have lived with discrimination don t need a government audit to make them aware of the scale of the challenge,  May will say according to extracts of remarks due to be delivered at a launch event on Tuesday.  But this audit means that for society as a whole   for government, for our public services   there is nowhere to hide. These issues are now out in the open. And the message is very simple: if these disparities cannot be explained then they must be changed.  The data covering 130 topics including health, education, employment and the criminal justice system will be made publicly available on a website, with new datasets being added over time. May will describe it as an  essential resource in the battle to defeat ethnic injustice . ",1
17931,Trump says 'only one thing will work' with North Korea,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Saturday said  only one thing will work  in dealing with North Korea after previous administrations had talked to Pyongyang without results.  Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years, agreements made and massive amounts of money paid,  Trump said in a tweet.  ...Hasn t worked, agreements violated before the ink was dry, making fools of U.S. negotiators. Sorry, but only one thing will work!  Trump did not make clear to what he was referring, but his comments seemed to be a further suggestion that military action was on his mind. The president has previously said the United States would  totally destroy  North Korea if necessary to protect itself and its allies from Pyongyang s nuclear threats. Earlier this week, during a meeting with top U.S. military leaders and their spouses, Trump told reporters it was the  calm before the storm.  Asked for clarification then on what he meant, Trump said:  You ll find out.  Speaking to reporters on Saturday ahead of a trip to North Carolina, Trump said he had nothing more to clarify. White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders referred to Iran and North Korea the following day when asked about Trump s  calm before the storm  comments. Asked on Saturday about Trump s tweet, Sanders said she had nothing to add to the president s comments. The Pentagon referred a question for clarification to the White House and said the Defense Department s job was to  present the president military options and carry out orders.  Trump repeatedly has made clear his distaste for dialogue with North Korea. On Sunday he dismissed the idea of talks as a waste of time, a day after Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Washington was maintaining open lines of communication with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un s government. Trump said on Saturday that he had a good relationship with his secretary of state despite some disagreements.  We have a very good relationship. We disagree on a couple of things. Sometimes I d like him to be a little bit tougher, but other than that we have a very good relationship,  he said. A Russian lawmaker on Friday was quoted saying North Korea was preparing to test a long-range missile that it believes can reach the west coast of the United States. Anton Morozov, a member of the Russian lower house of parliament s international affairs committee, was part of a Russian delegation that visited Pyongyang from Oct. 2-6, according to Russian RIA news agency. North Korea s nuclear weapons and missile programs have driven up tensions in the region and around the world in recent months, particularly after it conducted a test explosion of what it said was a hydrogen bomb. ",1
17932,"Kim Jong Un praises nuclear program, promotes sister","SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea s leader Kim Jong Un said his nuclear weapons were a  powerful deterrent  that guaranteed its sovereignty, state media reported on Sunday, hours after U.S. President Donald Trump said  only one thing will work  in dealing with the isolated country. Trump did not make clear to what he was referring, but his comments seemed to be a further suggestion that military action was on his mind.  In a speech to a meeting of the powerful Central Committee of the ruling Workers  Party on Saturday, a day before Trump s most recent comments, state media said Kim had addressed the  complicated international situation . North Korea s nuclear weapons are a  powerful deterrent firmly safeguarding the peace and security in the Korean peninsula and Northeast Asia,  Kim said, referring to the  protracted nuclear threats of the U.S. imperialists.  In recent weeks, North Korea has launched two missiles over Japan and conducted its sixth nuclear test, and may be fast advancing toward its goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. North Korea is preparing to test-launch such a missile, a Russian lawmaker who had just returned from a visit to Pyongyang was quoted as saying on Friday. Donald Trump has previously said the United States would  totally destroy  North Korea if necessary to protect itself and its allies. The situation proved that North Korea s policy of  byungjin , meaning the parallel development of nuclear weapons and the economy was  absolutely right , Kim Jong Un said in the speech.  The national economy has grown on their strength this year, despite the escalating sanctions,  said Kim, referring to U.N. Security Council resolutions put in place to curb Pyongyang s nuclear and missile program.  The meeting also handled some personnel changes inside North Korea s secretive and opaque ruling center of power, state media said. Kim Jong Un s sister, Kim Yo Jong, was made an alternate member of the politburo - the top decision-making body over which Kim Jong Un presides. Alongside Kim Jong Un himself, the promotion makes Kim Yo Jong the only other millennial member of the influential body. Her new position indicates the 28-year-old has become a replacement for Kim Jong Un s aunt, Kim Kyong Hui, who had been a key decision maker when former leader Kim Jong Il was alive.  It shows that her portfolio and writ is far more substantive than previously believed and it is a further consolidation of the Kim family s power,  said Michael Madden, a North Korea expert at Johns Hopkins University s 38 North website. In January, the U.S. Treasury blacklisted Kim Yo Jong along with other North Korean officials over  severe human rights abuses . Kim Jong Sik and Ri Pyong Chol, two of the three men behind Kim s banned rocket program, were also promoted. State media announced that several other high ranking cadres were promoted to the Central Committee in what the South Korean unification ministry said could be an attempt by North Korea to navigate a way through its increasing isolation.  The large-scale personnel reshuffle reflects that Kim Jong Un is taking the current situation seriously, and that he s looking for a breakthrough by promoting a new generation of politicians,  the ministry said in a statement. North Korea s foreign minister Ri Yong Ho, who named Donald Trump  President Evil  in a bombastic speech to the U.N. General Assembly last month, was promoted to full vote-carrying member of the politburo.  Ri can now be safely identified as one of North Korea s top policy makers,  said Madden.  Even if he has informal or off the record meetings, Ri s interlocutors can be assured that whatever proposals they proffer will be taken directly to the top,  he said.  ",1
17933,Aide to Ivory Coast parliament speaker arrested over arms cache,"ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Ivory Coast authorities arrested a senior aide to parliament speaker Guillaume Soro on Monday, a prosecutor said, accusing him of possessing and distributing weapons to destabilize the state during an army mutiny earlier this year. The arrest of Soro s protocol chief Souleymane Kamarate Kone and other associates could deepen a rift between the powerful former rebel leader and President Alassane Ouattara. Renegade soldiers in the second city Bouake used weapons taken from Kone s home to halt the advance of loyalist troops sent to put down their four-day uprising in May.  Soon after the mutiny, prosecutors opened an investigation into the arms cache, which State Prosecutor Christophe Adou said contained six tonnes of weapons and ammunition.   The possession and concealment of these weapons in an illegal manner and then their distribution aimed to destabilize the state,  Adou told reporters in the commercial capital Abidjan.  An inquest with an arrest warrant was opened against him and all persons involved,  he added.  Around 15 people were questioned during the investigation, including Soro s head of security and his deputy. It was unclear, however, who in addition to Kone was being targeted for arrest.  Kone was taken into custody after questioning on Monday and could not be reached for comment. Allies of Soro say the investigation is politically motivated.  Kone ... has already served in prison in 2000 for the cause of President Alassane Ouattara. He is a strong man who will remain dignified,  a spokesman for Soro, who is out of the country, wrote in a statement. The statement also called for supporters to remain calm and for the judicial process to remain independent.  Soro headed a northern rebellion between 2002 and 2011 that helped Ouattara to power after his predecessor Laurent Gbagbo refused to accept defeat in a 2010 election.  However, a split has opened between the president and his former ally this year. Soro is considered one of the main contenders to take over from Ouattara, who cannot run for re-election in 2020, but he faces stiff opposition with the ruling RDR party.  Diplomats and analysts worry that a series of army mutinies beginning in January may be a symptom of jockeying for position by political figures ahead of the 2020 vote. The arrest of Kone and other Soro associates is likely to increase tensions, including within the army where the parliament speaker still commands the loyalty of many of the thousands of his former fighters now serving as soldiers. ",1
17934,"France's CGT calls another strike against labor reform, others refuse","PARIS (Reuters) - France s hard-left CGT trade union called a third strike against President Emmanuel Macron s overhaul of employment laws on Monday but failed to get other unions to rally behind it. The three main unions have been divided over how to respond to the labor law reforms, with the Communist Party-rooted CGT taking to the streets while the more moderate CFDT, now France s biggest union, and the Force Ouvriere preferring negotiations.  France was once a champion of social protest, with unions able to paralyze swathes of the economy and force ministers to back down on reforms. But hardline unions are now grappling for relevance as strikes become less frequent and less disruptive.  Macron s government s spent weeks negotiating with the unions during the summer over measures to give companies more power to set working conditions as well as making it easier to hire and fire workers. Last month, it signed the bill into law by decree.  We are continuing with the fight against the labor law decrees,  Fabrice Angei, a senior CGT unionist, told reporters after a two-hour long meeting with the CFDT, FO and other unions. The CGT hopes it can win concessions for as long as the decrees are not physically written into the labor code. Up to now, the CFDT has said it will focus on other battles ahead such as reform of the pension and unemployment insurance systems.    Monday s meeting over labor reform action came on the eve of a separate nationwide strike by public sector workers. Strike notices have been lodged in schools, hospitals, airports and government ministries over plans to axe 120,000 jobs, freeze pay and reduce sick leave compensation.  It is the first time in a decade that all nine unions representing 5.4 million public workers have united behind a protest call and will be an important test of public appetite to protest against the reforms. If turnout is low on Tuesday, Macron could feel emboldened as he presses ahead with revamping France s generous unemployment insurance in a bid to spur those who lose their jobs to get back to work more quickly. ",1
17935,"Russia, China call for restraint after Trump comment on North Korea","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia and China called for restraint on North Korea on Monday after U.S. President Donald Trump warned over the weekend that  only one thing will work  in dealing with Pyongyang, hinting that military action was on his mind.  When asked what Russia made of Trump s comments, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters:  Moscow has called and continues to call on the parties involved in the conflict and on those who have anything to do with this issue to exercise restraint and to avoid any steps that would only worsen the situation.   Commenting on a Trump statement that the United States might withdraw from a nuclear deal with Iran, Peskov said such a move would have  negative consequences.  Speaking in Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying reiterated a call for all parties involved with the standoff in North Korea to exercise restraint, describing the situation as extremely complex and serious. China hopes all sides do nothing to irritate each other or worsen the problem and speak and act cautiously, she told a daily news briefing. In recent weeks, North Korea has launched two missiles over Japan and conducted its sixth nuclear test, all in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions, and may be fast advancing toward its goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. Trump repeatedly has made clear his distaste for dialogue with North Korea. Last week, he dismissed the idea of talks as a waste of time, a day after Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Washington was maintaining open lines of communication with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un s government.  Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years, giving billions of dollars & getting nothing. Policy didn t work!  the U.S. president said in a Twitter post on Monday. Trump s comments seemed to further suggest that military action was on his mind. On Saturday, Trump made a similar comment on Twitter about how negotiations have failed for 25 years and said  only one thing will work  with North Korea. ",1
17936,Moscow says escalation of tension on Korea peninsula unacceptable,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Any escalation of tension on the Korean peninsula is unacceptable, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a phone call on Monday. U.S. President Donald Trump warned over the weekend that  only one thing will work  in dealing with Pyongyang, hinting that military action was on his mind.   Lavrov underlined the inadmissibility of any escalation of tension on the Korean peninsula, to which the USA s military preparations lead, and called for contradictions to be resolved by diplomatic means only,  the foreign ministry said in a statement. Lavrov also demanded the return of Russian diplomatic property seized by the United States in 2016 when former U.S. president Barack Obama expelled 35 Russian diplomats and ordered that some of its U.S. diplomatic properties be vacated. The Obama administration said it was retaliating for Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election. In July, Moscow responded, ordering the United States to cut the number of its diplomatic and technical staff working in Russia by around 60 percent, to 455.  Russia reserves the right to go to court and to (take) retaliatory measures,  Lavrov told Tillerson. Russian President Vladimir Putin said last month the foreign ministry would go to court  to see just how efficient the much-praised U.S. judiciary is . Lavrov and Tillerson discussed the conflicts in Syria and Ukraine, the ministry said. Lavrov said a Kiev-backed draft law aiming at  reintegration  of Ukraine s Donbass region, which is controlled by Russian-backed separatists, contradicts the Minsk peace agreements aimed at resolving the conflict. The draft law would declare separatist-controlled regions to be  occupied , allowing Kiev to use military troops in those territories.   The ministry said the Russian and U.S. sides had agreed to continue a dialogue on  the difficult issues  between Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov and Undersecretary of State Thomas Shannon.  ",1
17937,"Turkey urges U.S. to review visa suspension as lira, stocks tumble","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey urged the United States on Monday to review its suspension of visa services after the arrest of a U.S. consulate employee sharply escalated tension between the two NATO allies and drove Turkey s currency and stocks lower. Relations between Ankara and Washington have been plagued by disputes over U.S. support for Kurdish fighters in Syria, Turkey s calls for the extradition of a U.S.-based cleric and the indictment of a Turkish former minister in a U.S. court. But last week s arrest of a Turkish employee of the U.S. consulate in Istanbul marked a fresh low. Turkey said the employee had links to U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen, blamed by Ankara for a failed military coup in July 2016. Gulen denies any connection with the coup. The U.S. embassy in Ankara condemned Ankara s charges as baseless and announced on Sunday night it was halting all non-immigrant visa services in Turkey while it reassessed Turkey s commitment to the security of its missions and staff. Within hours, Ankara announced it was taking the same measures against U.S. citizens seeking visas for Turkey. The U.S. ambassador said the duration of the visa services  suspension would depend on talks between the two governments about the reasons for the detention of local staff in Turkey. In a written statement late on Monday, Ambassador John Bass said the length of the suspension would also depend on  the Turkish government s commitment to protecting our facilities and personnel here in Turkey . He noted that the move was not a visa ban on Turkish citizens, that valid visas could still be used and visa applications could be made outside of Turkey. The U.S. Embassy had been unable to learn the reasons for the arrest of its Turkish staff member last week or what evidence exists against the employee, Bass said, adding that he had not been allowed sufficient access to the employee s lawyer. Justice Minister Abdulhamit Gul said that if Washington had serious security concerns about its missions in Turkey, steps would be taken to address them.  But if it s an issue regarding the arrest of the consulate employee, then this is a decision the Turkish judiciary has made,  Gul told A Haber television.  Trying a Turkish citizen for a crime committed in Turkey is our right.  The Turkish foreign ministry summoned a U.S. diplomat to urge the United States to lift the visa services suspension, saying it was causing  unnecessary tensions , and President Tayyip Erdogan also criticized the U.S. move.  For the (U.S.) embassy in Ankara to take such a decision and implement it, it is upsetting,  Erdogan told a news conference during a visit to Ukraine. State-run Anadolu news agency said another U.S. consulate worker had been summoned to testify over his wife and daughter s suspected links to Gulen - which it said had emerged during the questioning of Metin Topuz, the employee arrested last week. The diplomatic spat spooked investors. The lira dropped 3.4 percent and stood at 3.7385 against the dollar after being quoted overnight as touching a level of 3.9223. The main BIST 100 stock index fell as much as 4.7 percent, closing the day down 2.73 percent at 101,298 points. Airline shares were particularly hard hit, with flag carrier Turkish Airlines falling 9 percent. The central bank said it was following developments closely.  This looks like a really serious situation,  said Blue Bay Asset Management strategist Timothy Ash. He added that the central bank would need to move quickly to calm market nerves and possibly hike interest rates - something Erdogan has resisted. Turkey s leading business association, TUSIAD, warned that the dispute would harm bilateral economic, social and cultural ties, and called for disagreements to be settled calmly. The row with the United States coincides with deep strains in Turkey s relations with Germany, another key ally, and with Turkish military activity at the Syrian and Iraqi borders, though their market impact has so far been limited. U.S.-Turkish tensions have risen in recent months over U.S. military support for Kurdish YPG fighters in Syria, considered by Ankara to be an extension of the banned PKK which has waged an insurgency for three decades in southeast Turkey. Turkey has also pressed, so far in vain, for the United States to extradite Gulen, viewed in Ankara as the mastermind behind the failed coup in which more than 240 people were killed.  Friction with the United States has also arisen from the indictment last month by a U.S. court of Turkey s former economy minister Zafer Caglayan on charges of conspiring to violate U.S. sanctions on Iran. Sinan Ulgen, an analyst and former Turkish diplomat, said those underlying disputes had created a crisis of confidence which made this latest fall-out particularly bitter.  This harshness is a result of a build-up,  he said.  We should not consider this as solely a reaction to the detentions of consulate employees . ",1
17938,Sri Lanka arrests two over hacking of Taiwan bank accounts,"COLOMBO (Reuters) - Two people have been arrested in Sri Lanka for suspected money laundering from a Taiwanese bank whose computer system was hacked to enable illicit transactions abroad, police said on Monday. Police acted after state-owned Bank of Ceylon reported a suspicious transfer into one of its accounts of $1.2 million from Taiwan Far Eastern Bank, following by a withdrawal of some of the money by one of the suspects.   We arrested on a tip-off from the Bank of Ceylon that there had been a suspicious transaction,  Shani Abeywardana, director at the police criminal investigations division (CID), told Reuters.   From the investigations and questioning we ve found out that this is connected to hacking in Taiwan,  Abeywardana said. Officials from Taiwan Far Eastern Bank were not immediately available for comment.  Focus Taiwan, the English-language news website of Taiwan s Central News Agency (CNA), said on Saturday Far Eastern Bank had reported to Taiwan s financial watchdog that its computer system had been infected with malware.  Through the planted malware, hackers conducted virtual transactions to move funds totaling nearly $60 million from Far Eastern Bank customers  accounts to some foreign destinations such as Sri Lanka, Cambodia and the United States, the bank found on Tuesday,  Focus Taiwan s website said. A spelling mistake in an online bank transfer instruction discovered by a Sri Lankan bank helped prevent a nearly $1 billion heist early last year involving the Bangladesh central bank and the New York Federal Reserve.      ",1
17939,U.S. envoy to Turkey says duration of visa services suspension depends on talks,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - The U.S. ambassador to Turkey said on Monday the duration of a suspension in visa services in Turkey would depend on talks between the two governments regarding the detention of Turkish staff at the U.S. embassy. In a written statement, Ambassador John Bass said the length of the suspension would also depend on  the Turkish government s commitment to protecting our facilities and personnel here in Turkey , noting it was not a visa ban on Turkish citizens. He said the embassy had been unable to learn the reasons for the arrest of a Turkish staff member last week and or what evidence exists against the employee. ",1
17940,Zimbabwe's Mugabe creates cyber ministry in cabinet reshuffle,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe moved Patrick Chinamasa from the finance ministry on Monday to lead a new cyber security ministry that will focus on crimes on social media and other websites ahead of an election due next year. Chinamasa will be replaced at the treasury by Home Affairs Minister Ignatius Chombo in a cabinet reshuffle that also diminished the role of Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa, seen as a potential successor to Mugabe. Chombo s move, announced in a government statement, comes against the backdrop of a severe hard currency shortage that has dealt a fresh blow to confidence and investment in the southern African economy, which uses the U.S dollar. Chinamasa was appointed finance minister after Mugabe s re-election in 2013 and his move to head the new Ministry of Cyber Security, Threat Detection and Mitigation was unexpected. Its creation comes after Chinamasa said last month the government would now treat social media as a security threat after accusing users of spreading rumors about shortages of basic goods, which caused panic buying and price increases. The government has been uneasy with social media after activists such as pastor Evan Mawararire and his #ThisFlag movement last year used social media to organize a stay-at-home demonstration, the biggest anti-government protest in a decade. Government critics took to Twitter deriding Chinamasa as new  minister of Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and WhatsApp affairs . Chinamasa, a lawyer by training, will also be responsible for bringing to parliament a long awaited cyber crimes bill that criminalize false information posted on the internet, revenge porn, cyber-bullying and online activity against the government. Meanwhile Chombo, who does not have a finance background and is a staunch Mugabe supporter who comes from the 93-year-old leader s rural home district, was the surprise pick for minister of finance. He will have to contend with a serious shortage of foreign currency that has seen U.S. dollar bank balances lose value against cash dollars, fanning a thriving black market. The worthless Zimbabwe dollar was replaced by the U.S. dollar in 2009 but the economy has struggled over the past 18 months because of a massive domestic shortage of greenbacks. As a result, cash, especially crisp, new, $100 bills, has enjoyed a steady 10 percent to 20 percent premium over dollars stored electronically in bank accounts - nicknamed  zollars  - meaning people have to transfer more than face value to the person selling the dollars on the black market. When Mugabe said on Saturday he was going to review the performance of his ministers, speculation was rife that Mnangagwa, who said last week he had been poisoned in August, would be among the casualties. Mnangagwa has come under attack from a ruling party faction that accuses him of seeking to force Mugabe to resign in his favor. The ZANU-PF is divided into two camps, one supporting Mnangagwa to succeed him and another rallying behind First Lady Grace Mugabe. Mnangagwa, who denies the accusations, lost oversight of the Justice Ministry to the head of Zimbabwe s spy agency Happyton Bonyongwe. Bonyongwe, a retired army general who headed the national intelligence agency for 15 years, will be responsible for new legislation and will supervise the election due next year, including determining which foreign observers to invite. Mugabe, who has ruled the former British colony since independence in 1980, has said he plans to run for another 5-year term next year, his last under the constitution, when he will be 94. In total, 10 cabinet ministers changed posts while two were dropped entirely. ",1
17941,Far right wants Austria to join group of anti-immigrant states,"VIENNA (Reuters) - The far right Freedom Party (FPO), set to become kingmaker after elections on Oct. 15, wants Austria to join the Visegrad Group of central and east European states opposed to immigration. Eurosceptic leaders in Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic and Slovakia have refused migrant quotas approved by a western-dominated majority of European Union member states. They also reject proposed European Union reforms that would transfer more power from national governments to Brussels institutions.  The FPO, likely to be a part of Austria s next ruling coalition, also wants a more decentralized EU.  We will ... strengthen contact with the Visegrad states and it would be nice and good if we could maybe even become a member of the Visegrad Group,  FPO chief Heinz-Christian Strache said in an election debate with Social Democrat Chancellor Christian Kern focusing on curbing migrant flows and Brussels  powers. The Freedom Party and center-left Social Democrats are fighting for second place in Sunday s election with both commanding about 25 percent of the vote in the latest polls. The Freedom Party appears ticketed for a place in the next coalition given that the conservative People s Party s rating of around 33 percent is unlikely to improve enough for an absolute majority, and bitter disputes between the two centrist parties. Conservative leader Sebastian Kurz has, like Strache, praised far-right Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban for building a border fence to keep migrants out of EU territory.  To avoid losing votes, Austria s mainstream conservatives have drifted recently towards the FPO s anti-immigration positions and joined calls to shrink and refocus the EU s powers. Jean-Claude Juncker, the head of the European Commission, the EU executive, has invited Visegrad Group leaders to a meeting on Oct. 18 to try to ease tensions between them and wealthier western Europe. ",1
17942,"'Ball in your court:' Britain, EU clash over next Brexit move","LONDON/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Britain and its European Union partners clashed on Monday over which side should make the next move to unblock Brexit talks, despite concerns they will miss a deadline for a divorce deal and that London is heading for a chaotic departure. Prime Minister Theresa May made clear in a speech she delivered to parliament that she hoped her EU partners would make proposals at a new round of talks opening the way to the next stage of negotiations, saying  the ball is in their court . But even before she had delivered her address, an EU spokesman hit back in Brussels, saying  the ball is entirely in the UK court for the rest to happen . May is desperate to try to regain some of her authority and refocus on talks to unravel 40 years of union after a speech at her party conference last week, marred by a repetitive cough, a prankster and a stage malfunction, left her weaker than ever. She has so far fought off attempts to unseat her by critics already angry over an ill-judged election when she lost her governing Conservatives  majority. But her weakness has opened the door for many in the party to challenge her Brexit strategy with just 18 months to go before Britain leaves the EU. With Brussels quietly preparing for a collapse in the talks and Britain getting ready for what May calls  every eventuality , some officials and business chiefs worry the  country will crash out of the EU without a deal. Speaking in parliament, May said her negotiators had made progress on the first phase of talks, tackling the rights of expatriates and the border with EU-member Ireland, and that she was determined to secure a new partnership with the other 27 members of the wealthy political and trade bloc.  Achieving that partnership will require leadership and flexibility, not just from us but from our friends, the 27 nations of the EU,  she told a raucous session of parliament.  And as we look forward to the next stage, the ball is in their court. But I am optimistic we will receive a positive response.  But the EU stuck to its terms:  There is a clear sequencing to these talks and there has been so far no solution found on step one, which is the divorce proceedings,  European Commission spokesman Margaritis Schinas told a regular briefing.  So the ball is entirely in the UK court for the rest to happen.  May, who hosted businesses on Monday to listen to their Brexit concerns, is keen to push the talks beyond a discussion of the divorce to try to offer firms some certainty about future trading conditions. According to a source familiar with the matter, May told business leaders that for her, a roughly two-year transitional agreement was non-negotiable.  It will happen,  the source said when asked what May had spoken about. She also said her government had no intention of revoking Article 50, which triggered the Brexit talks in March this year, and stopping Britain s departure. But a lack of progress in talks some 15 months after Britain voted to leave the EU in a referendum has added pressure on May, who was criticized by the opposition for failing to offer any clarity on what the future relationship will look like.  Now the reality for this Tory (Conservative) government is beginning to bite, but if things do not improve, the reality may soon begin to bite for the jobs and living standards of the people of this country,  said Jeremy Corbyn, leader of the opposition Labour Party. A report that aerospace manufacturer BAE Systems (BAES.L) is planning to cut more than 1,000 jobs did little to ease those concerns that without progress in the talks, firms will start to make staffing and relocation decisions.       EU negotiators say that while they see no big breakthrough at the summit next week, they may offer May a hand by offering hope of a shift at the next scheduled meeting in mid-December. Aides to May have signaled that the prime minister has accepted that her October deadline will not be met despite a speech in Italy last month which attempted to reset the tone of the difficult negotiations. But some pro-Brexit campaigners are calling on the prime minister to get ready to step away from the talks - underlining the deep divisions in the Conservative Party. Those differences were aired again on Monday with negative briefings in the local media against finance minister Philip Hammond, who supports prolonging the status quo with the EU for as long as possible, and foreign minister Boris Johnson, who angered some Conservatives for setting his own Brexit red lines. Some have suggested that May will reshuffle her cabinet, but her spokesman said she had full confidence in both ministers.  We are fast reaching the point when the prime minister should assert the authority of her office over the negotiations and call time,  Bernard Jenkin, a Conservative lawmaker, wrote in the Guardian newspaper. John Baron, another pro-Brexit campaigner, called on the government to  prepare more thoroughly for a  no deal .  I have long believed that the EU Commission primarily wants to punish Britain for daring to leave the organization,  he said.  We should have no fears about a  no deal  scenario.  ",1
17943,UK PM May tells business chiefs: two-year Brexit transition is assured - source,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May told business leaders that they should treat a two-year transition period after Brexit as assured as she tries to ease company concerns that Britain could crash out of the EU without a deal, a source told Reuters. May met business chiefs from GlaxoSmithKline (GSK.L), Vodafone (VOD.L) and HSBC (HSBA.L) and other major companies on Monday to hear what they want from talks on Britain s relationship with the EU after Brexit. Businesses have become increasingly alarmed by the slow progress of negotiations and the prospect that the country could leave the trading bloc without a new trading arrangement in place in 2019.  From her point of view, the transitional agreement is non-negotiable ... business should think of the two-year period as assured. It will happen,  the source said when asked what May had said during discussions on Monday. A spokeswoman from May s office said she restated her position  that the government s goal is for a smooth, orderly exit in which there is only one set of changes for businesses and people . Almost all business leaders expressed concern about access to talent after Brexit and several told May that the investment cycle means there are decisions coming at the end of 2017 and the start of 2018, the source said. Last week, two sources told Reuters that Japanese carmaker Toyota (7203.T) intended to build the next version of its Auris car at its British car plant on the assumption that the government secures a transitional Brexit deal in a decision due by the end of the year.  Both May and her finance minister, Philip Hammond, acknowledged during Monday s meeting that businesses needed a better sense of Britain s post-Brexit relationship with the European Union.   May said business needs clarity,  the source said.  The chancellor (finance minister) said clarity is more important than perfection.   Business chiefs have previously complained that their voice has been drowned out by disagreement and division in the government, and they have not heard anything to give them the certainty they need to plan and invest in their businesses. May s office said she stressed the importance of engaging with the business community to design the proposed implementation arrangements, and promised to have continued meetings with a wide variety of business voices. May was joined by Hammond, business minister Greg Clark, minister for exiting the EU David Davis and trade minister Liam Fox at the council. Companies attending also included Balfour Beatty (BALF.L), WPP (WPP.L), Morgan Stanley (MS.N), Aston Martin and AB Foods (ABF.L), the government said. The meeting came after May s authority was further undermined last week. She had to fend off a challenge from up to 30 of her lawmakers who had been pushing for her to quit following a disastrous snap election in June which saw the ruling Conservatives lose their parliamentary majority. ",1
17944,Lebanon passes disputed tax hikes to fund public sector pay rise,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s parliament approved contentious taxes needed to finance a public sector pay rise on Monday and Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri warned the alternative was a collapse of the Lebanese pound in six months.  Without taxes it would have been better in popular terms, but six months later the lira would have collapsed,  Hariri said after the parliament session.   If we carried out the (public sector salary law) without revenues it would be a disaster for the country.   Lebanon has a debt-to-GDP ratio of 148 percent, one of the highest in the world, and recorded a fiscal deficit of $4.9 billion last year.   Parliament approved a $917 million rise in public sector salaries and a series of tax increases to fund it in July.  Despite objections from business and some political groups, President Michel Aoun ratified the laws in late August and people have since begun receiving increased salaries. But in September the constitutional council annulled the tax law after a political party brought a legal challenge and the council referred it back to parliament for amendments. A Lebanese official told Reuters the taxes approved on Monday remained  mostly as they were before being challenged in the Constitutional Council and do not contain any substantive amendments .  A key argument of those opposing increased taxes is that the Lebanese government offers little in return.    The country s infrastructure has been awaiting repair since the 15-year civil war ended in 1990 - roads are clogged with cars, beaches are littered with waste, internet links are slow or patchy and cuts to power and water supplies are frequent.    Sami Gemeyal, leader of the Christian Kataeb party which filed an appeal against the earlier version of the law, said it would do all it could to challenge it again.   We will study it and see if it is possible to contest the law at the constitutional council,  said Gemeyal. Kataeb is the only major political party not part of Lebanon s coalition government. Lebanon expects to hold a general election next year and the public sector pay rises have proved a popular move. But the business community has warned higher taxes could damage Lebanon s fragile economy, which has been battered by conflict in neighboring Syria. Growth fell from 8-9 percent to below 2 percent after war began in 2011. Business leaders say Lebanon instead needs better tax collection, a credible economic plan and a budget to be passed for the first time since 2005. The banking sector, the cornerstone of Lebanon s economy, objected strongly to the law.  The changes raised corporation tax to 17 percent from 15 percent and also applies taxes on bank transactions in a way bankers say amounts to double taxation.   The effective tax rate on banks currently stands at around 15 percent, but would rise to around 50 percent if the proposed tax changes are enacted, Freddie Baz, Group Strategy Director of Bank Audi and board member of the Association of Banks in Lebanon (ABL) lobby group, told Reuters.     The laws have provoked a number of street protests, with people asking for pay rises and also protesting hikes which raised value-added tax (VAT) by 1 percentage point to 11 percent. The head of Lebanon s General Labor Union Beshara al-Asmar said before the vote on Monday there would be a  complete strike  which would ground the country to a halt if positive results were not achieved. ",1
17945,'I can't take this any more:' Rohingya Muslims flee Myanmar in new surge,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Thousands of Rohingya Muslims from Myanmar fled to Bangladesh on Monday in a new surge of refugees driven by fears of starvation and violence the United Nations has denounced as ethnic cleansing. About 519,000 Rohingya have crossed the border since Aug. 25, when attacks by Rohingya militants on security posts in Rakhine state sparked a ferocious military response. The European Union (EU) is proposing shunning contact with Myanmar s top generals as a first step toward new targeted sanctions to punish the military for the violence, according to a draft document seen by Reuters.    Reuters reporters on the Bangladeshi side of the border, in Palong Khali district, saw several thousand people crossing from northern Rakhine on Monday, filing along embankments between flooded fields and scrubby forest.  Half of my village was burnt down. I saw them do it,  said Sayed Azin, 46, who said he had walked for eight days carrying his 80-year-old mother in a basket strung on a bamboo pole between him and his son. Soldiers and Buddhist mobs had torched his village, he said.  I left everything,  he said, sobbing.  I can t find my relatives ... I can t take this any more.  Some new arrivals spoke of bloody attacks by Buddhist mobs on people trekking toward the border. Refugees and rights groups say the army and Buddhist vigilantes have engaged in a campaign of killing and arson aimed at driving the Rohingya out of Myanmar. Myanmar rejects accusations of ethnic cleansing and has labeled the militants from the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army who launched the initial attacks as terrorists who have killed civilians and burnt villages. Among those fleeing were up to 35 people on a boat that capsized off the Bangladesh coast on Sunday. At least 12 of them drowned while 13 were rescued, Bangladeshi police said.  We faced so many difficulties, for food and survival,  Sayed Hossein, 30, told Reuters, adding that his wife, three children, mother and father in law had drowned.  We came here to save our lives.  Myanmar leader and Nobel peace laureate Aung San Suu Kyi has faced scathing international criticism for not doing more to stop the violence, although she has no power over the security forces under a military-drafted constitution. The United States and EU have been considering targeted sanctions against Myanmar military leaders, diplomats and officials have told Reuters, though they are wary of action that could destabilize the country s transition to democracy. EU foreign ministers will discuss the situation in Myanmar on Oct. 16, and their draft joint statement said the bloc  will suspend invitations to the commander-in-chief of the Myanmar/Burma armed forces and other senior military officers .  Such a move would be largely symbolic, but could be followed by further action. The Myanmar government has said its  clearance operations  against the militants ended in early September and people had no reason to flee. But in recent days the government has reported large numbers of Muslims preparing to leave, with more than 17,000 people in one area alone. The government cited worries about food and security as their reasons. Some villagers in Rakhine said food was running out because rice in the fields was not ready for harvest and the state government had closed village markets and restricted the transport of food, apparently to cut supplies to the militants.  The situation s getting worse. We have no food and no guarantee of security,  said a Rohingya resident of Hsin Hnin Pyar village on the south of the state s Buthidaung district. He said a lot of people were preparing to flee.  While the Myanmar military has engaged in a campaign of violence, there is mounting evidence that Rohingya women, men and children are now also fleeing the very real threat of starvation,  rights group Amnesty International said. Senior state government official Kyaw Swar Tun declined to go into details when asked about the food, except to ask:  Have you heard of anyone dying of hunger in Buthidaung?  The reports of food shortages will add to the urgency of calls by aid agencies and the international community for unfettered humanitarian access to the conflict zone. The insurgents declared a one-month ceasefire from Sept. 10 to enable the delivery of aid but the government rebuffed them, saying it did not negotiate with terrorists. The ceasefire is due to end at midnight on Monday, but the insurgents said in a statement they were ready to respond to any peace move by the government. The ability of the group to mount any sort of challenge to the army is unclear, but it does not appear to have been able to put up resistance to the latest military offensive. Bangladesh was already home to 400,000 Rohingya who had fled earlier bouts of violence. Mostly Buddhist Myanmar does not recognize the Rohingya as citizens, even though many have lived there for generations. But even as refugees arrive, Bangladesh insists they will all have to go home. Myanmar has responded by saying it will take back those who can be verified as genuine refugees. Many Rohingya fear they will not be able to prove their right to return. The United States and Britain have warned Myanmar the crisis is putting at risk the progress it has made since the military began to loosen its grip on power in 2011.  ",1
17946,Sixteen killed in attacks on remote Mozambique port: media,"MAPUTO (Reuters) - Gun battles last week between police and attackers in a remote northern Mozambican port killed 16 people, including two police officers, local media reported. The attacks in the Indian Ocean port of Mocimboa da Praia, near the border with Tanzania and offshore gas fields, took place last Thursday and police have since regained control of the town, the official AIM news agency said. The motive for the attacks were not clear and the government has not blamed the opposition group Renamo, against which it fought a civil war for almost two decades that ended in 1992. Fighting has periodically erupted since but a ceasefire has been in place since earlier this year.  We need to know who they are, what their motives are, and where they came from,  Celmira da Silva, the governor of the northern Mozambican province of Cabo Delgado, told Radio Mozambique.  Local media have reported that the attack was carried out by Islamists but the government has not confirmed this. Mozambique has not been a focal point of Islamist militant activity. Mozambique police were expected to hold a press briefing in the capital Maputo on Tuesday about the attacks.           ",1
17947,UK PM May: We will not revoke Article 50 EU exit process,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain will not revoke the  Article 50  legal process which started a two-year Brexit negotiating period, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Monday.  The government made clear that we have no intention of revoking that, we will be delivering on the vote of the British people,  May told parliament.  Asked if the government had taken legal advice on whether it was possible to reverse the process of Britain s departure from the European Union by revoking Article 50, May said it was government policy not to comment on the legal advice it receives. ",1
17948,Any Brexit deal will come at end of two-year negotiations: May,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May said on Monday she expected any deal with the European Union to be struck close to the end of the two-year negotiating period and only then would Britain know the costs or benefits.  We are negotiating a deal. We will not have negotiated that deal until, I suspect, close to the end of the period (which has been set aside),  May told parliament. ",1
17949,"Militants attack east Congo bases, killing two U.N. peacekeepers","GOMA, Democratic Republic of Congo (Reuters) - Militants attacked two military bases in northeastern Democratic Republic of Congo on Monday, killing two U.N. peacekeepers and injuring several others, the U.N. mission and the army said. The mission, known as MONUSCO, said it had deployed attack helicopters in response to the raid, and the army said it was battling militants along the main road leading from North Kivu province s Beni territory to the Uganda border. The fighting, which began this weekend, is a fresh outbreak of violence for a region plagued by ethnic tensions and massacres that killed more than 800 people between 2014-2016. Gunmen believed to belong to the Allied Democratic Forces (ADF), a Ugandan Islamist group active near the border, attacked a U.N. peacekeeping base in the village of Mamundioma, over 30 km (20 miles) northeast of Beni, MONUSCO said in a statement.  This region has seen more than enough violence already,  mission chief Maman Sidikou said.  I reiterate to all these armed groups who continue to threaten and kill civilians, MONUSCO will respond, and it will respond strongly.  Army spokesman Mak Hazukay said the attacks were carried out simultaneously and hit a U.N. base housing Tanzanian peacekeepers who formed part of an intervention brigade which has a mandate to conduct offensive operations against militants. Hazukay said later that U.N. helicopters were shelling rebel positions inside Virunga National Park as Congolese troops fought to recover a stretch of road from the rebels.  ADF is believed by authorities to have ambushed and killed many civilians nearby this weekend after a lull in attacks against civilians near Beni this year.  Omar Kavota, who leads an organization that monitors violence in North Kivu, said ADF fighters killed at least three civilians on Saturday by slitting their throats and took another 19 hostages. MONUSCO said that according to initial reports, up to 20 civilians were killed. Congolese authorities have blamed the ADF for nearly all the massacres between 2014-2016. However, independent and U.N. experts say several armed groups as well as national army commanders have been involved. ",1
17950,Former Salvadoran president Calderon dies at 69,"SAN SALVADOR (Reuters) - Former Salvadoran President Armando Calderon, who helped oversee the Central American country s transition from a bloody civil war to peace in the 1990s, has died at the age of 69 after a battle with cancer, his family said on Monday. Calderon, who was president from 1994 to 1999 as the reconstruction of the divided country took hold, died around midnight in a hospital in Houston where he was admitted in critical condition with an undisclosed form of cancer. El Salvador s 1980-1992 civil war, which pitted a U.S.-backed right-wing government against the leftist guerilla Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front (FMLN), claimed some 75,000 lives and left around another 8,000 people missing. A founder of the powerful, right-wing  Nationalist Republican Alliance (Arena), Calderon as president ushered in a string of business-friendly economic reforms including a privatization of the telecoms sector and the pension system. El Salvador s Supreme Court of Justice in 2016 ordered an investigation into Calderon s fortune on suspicion of illicit enrichment. The former president, who was also mayor of San Salvador between 1988 and 1994, rejected the accusations. ",1
17951,Vampire scare prompts U.N. pullout from southern Malawi,"LILONGWE (Reuters) - The United Nations said on Monday it has pulled staff out of two districts in southern Malawi where a vampire scare has triggered mob violence in which at least five people have been killed. Belief in witchcraft is widespread in rural Malawi, one of the world s poorest countries, where many aid agencies and NGOs work. A spate of vigilante violence linked to a vampire rumors also erupted in Malawi in 2002.        These districts have severely been affected by the ongoing stories of blood sucking and possible existence of vampires,  the UN Department on Safety and Security (UNDSS) said in a security report on the Phalombe and Mulanje districts that was seen by Reuters. The Acting UN Resident Coordinator, Florence Rolle, said in an emailed response to questions that based on the report that  some UN staff have relocated while others are still in the districts depending on locations of their operations .  UNDSS is continuing to monitor the situation closely to ensure all affected UN staff are back in the field as soon as possible,  Rolle said. Rolle did not say how many workers had been relocated. The UNDSS report said at least five people had been killed in the area since mid-September by lynch mobs accusing them of vampirism. It said mobs searching for vampires have been mounting road blocks in the district, raising security concerns. Malawian President Peter Mutharika said the reports were  distressing and agonizing .    This development has been of grave concern to the President and the entire Government,  his office said in a statement. The UNDSS report said the vampirism rumors appear to have originated in neighboring Mozambique, although it was not clear what had sparked them. It recommended the  temporary suspension of U.N. activities in the area until the situation is normalized . It said some NGOs had pulled personnel from the districts and temporarily suspended their programs but did not name the organizations.  ",1
17952,"Greece debates bill on legal gender change, divisions laid bare","ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece began debating on Monday a bill allowing people to change their gender identity without medical treatment, a move that was welcomed by human rights groups but exposed political divisions and church opposition. Greece currently requires persons who wish to have their desired gender legally recognized to be diagnosed with  gender identity disorder  and have their reproductive organs removed. This practice has been widely condemned as a violation of human rights though is common in many European countries. The bill, tabled by the leftist Syriza party and to be put to a vote on Tuesday, says that changing legal gender is a matter of personal choice and should not be contingent on medical tests, therapies or surgeries that are all optional.  It has been condemned as  immoral  by Greece s influential Orthodox Church and as a  monstrosity  by far-right wing politicians. The draft legislation says persons have the right to change legal gender twice, and applicants must not be married. A court will decide on their application.  A group of supporters rallied outside parliament holding a banner reading:  Transgender rights are human rights .  I can t wait! The moment the bill passes, I m changing my identity,  said Raffaela, 40, adding that she has lived in waiting for 27 years.  The ironic stares, the mocking when people see that my identity doesn t correspond to my looks, will finally end,  she told Reuters, covered in a rainbow flag.   An article setting the minimum age for the change to 15 years has bared cracks in Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras coalition. His ally, the right-wing Independent Greeks, said it would vote against it unless the age was amended to 17 years. Campaigners say the bill is a step in the right direction but falls short of fully recognizing the rights of transgender people. Denmark was the first European country to allow legal gender changes without any medical intervention in 2014.  The government has 153 deputies in the 300-seat parliament.  The bill is expected to be approved in principle by ruling lawmakers and center-left parties. The main conservative opposition, New Democracy, tabled its own proposals.   To have access to the labor market, to travel and deal with daily life under a name that they want, and which corresponds to how they feel, should not be negotiable,  said ruling Syriza lawmaker Anneta Kavadia.  The Holy Synod, the ruling body of the Greek Orthodox Church, thinks differently. The proposal, it said, was an  affront to society , and a threat to  the sanctity of family . ",1
17953,China denies links to alleged cyber attacks in United States targeting exiled tycoon Guo,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China has denied responsibility for alleged cyber attacks in the United States appearing to target exiled tycoon Guo Wengui, who has levelled corruption allegations against senior Communist Party officials and applied for political asylum. The Ministry of Public Security said in a statement provided to Reuters on Sunday an investigation had found  no evidence  of Chinese government involvement in the alleged cyber attacks. The law enforcement agency said China had also provided the U.S. government with evidence that Guo, who has applied for political asylum in the United States, fabricated documents used to support his claims. It said China would make an official request for U.S. authorities to investigate the matter.  The falsified official documents and the false information he fabricated are sensational and outrageous,  the ministry said in a rare English-language statement. Guo denied the documents were forged and said the Ministry of Public Security s statement should not be believed. The Washington-based Hudson Institute think tank was scheduled to host Guo last Wednesday in a rare public appearance, but canceled the event the day before without explanation.  The event would have coincided with the visit of an official Chinese delegation to the U.S. capital for a high-level law enforcement and cyber security dialogue between the two countries.  The Hudson Institute said it had detected a Shanghai-based attack aimed at shutting down access to its website several days earlier. The suspected attack was raised by U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions during a meeting with China s Public Security Minister Guo Shengkun on Wednesday, a Department of Justice spokesman told Reuters on Sunday.  China had  pledged to cooperate , the spokesman said. However, the New York-based Guo Wengui said:  Just because the Ministry of Public Security said China didn t do it doesn t make it true.   Why did the U.S. raise it in their meeting?  he told Reuters. Guo Wengui applied for U.S. political asylum in September, but said this week the law firm representing him, Clark Hill PLC, had backed out after being targeted by Chinese hackers.  Clark Hill lawyer Thomas Ragland, who lodged the asylum claim, confirmed he was no longer representing Guo Wengui, without elaborating. Guo Wengui held a news conference at the National Press Club on Thursday, after his Hudson event was called off, where he produced what he claimed were  top secret  official documents showing China had sent secret agents into the United States. China s Ministry of Public Security said the documents shown by him were  clumsily forged  and  full of obvious mistakes . Guo Wengui has made wide-ranging corruption allegations against senior Communist Party leaders through a daily stream of Twitter and YouTube posts since the start of the year, which he says are aimed at disrupting a key five-yearly Communist Party congress that begins next week. The Chinese government has been seeking to discredit Guo Wengui, who is the subject of an Interpol red notice issued at Beijing s request, as a criminal suspect who should not be trusted. ",1
17954,Russia threatens to brand U.S.-sponsored Radio Liberty 'foreign agent',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - U.S. government-sponsored Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty (RFE/RL) said on Monday Moscow had threatened to brand their Russian language service projects as  foreign agents  in retaliation for what Moscow calls U.S. pressure on a Kremlin-backed TV station. Russian officials have accused Washington of putting unwarranted pressure on the U.S. operations of RT, a Kremlin-funded broadcaster accused by some in Washington of interfering in domestic U.S. politics, which it denies.. Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Sunday Moscow could apply  similar measures  to American journalists and media in Russia. She did not identify any specific U.S. media outlets that would be targeted. Current Time, which is produced by RFE/RL in cooperation with the Voice of America and mainly targets audiences in Russia and the countries of Central and Eastern Europe, said it had received a warning from the Russian Ministry of Justice, threatening to put restrictions on the network. Two other RFE/RL Russian-language projects, Radio Liberty and Idel. Realias, received the same letters, it said.  According to Russia s competent bodies, your organization s activity falls under the criteria set out in the federal law... for non-commercial organizations - foreign agents. Your organization s activity may be restricted...,  said the letter, seen by Reuters. A justice ministry official confirmed to Reuters that such a letter had been sent, adding:  The principle of reciprocity will further be applied depending on the measures applied to Russian media by the United States.  Responding to the letter, the channel director of Current Time TV, Daisy Sindelar, said in a statement:  We are a journalistic organization, and we trust we will be able to continue our work.   We have no concrete information about any moves being taken against RT in the United States, and have no reason to expect reciprocal action , she added. Late last month, Russia s state communications regulator accused U.S. TV channel CNN International of violating its license to broadcast in Russia and said it had summoned the broadcaster s representatives in connection with the matter. ",1
17955,Russian firefighters use helicopters to extinguish market fire," (This version of the story from 8th October has been refiled to fix a typo in the headline) MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian firefighters on Sunday used specially equipped helicopters to dump water on a construction goods market on the northwestern edge of Moscow that caught fire. The fire at the market sent a thick cloud of gray smoke billowing into the air, footage broadcast on Russian television showed. The fire was causing tailbacks on the nearby Moscow orbital highway, according to live traffic data.  Three thousand shoppers and staff have been evacuated from the market, Russian media quoted emergency services officials as saying. There were no reports of any casualties. ",1
17956,Merkel deems migrant deal good for coalition talks but Greens skeptical,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Monday an agreement within her conservative bloc on limiting migrants would help forge a new government coalition, but one of the key partners, the Greens, said it would not become policy. Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) agreed with their conservative CSU Bavarian allies on Sunday to limit to 200,000 the number of people Germany would accept per year on humanitarian grounds. It was part of Merkel s drive to get the sister party on board so that she can start talks with the Greens and Free Democrats (FPD) on forming a  Jamaica  coalition   named for the black, green and yellow colors of the three blocs, which match the Caribbean island s flag.  We achieved a joint result which I think is a very, very good basis to go into exploratory talks with the FDP and Greens,  Merkel told a joint news conference with her Bavarian counterpart Horst Seehofer on Monday. But underlying the difficulties in forging a coalition, the Greens said they disagreed with the migrant limit. It would not stop a coalition being discussed, Green co-leader Cem Ozdemir said, but stressed it would not be part of the formal coalition agreement if one is reached. FDP leader Christian Lindner said the deal cleared the way for coalition talks to begin, but predicted more wrangling about immigration and other issues.  Immigration is not the only issue where the parties have different ideas,  he told the Passauer Neue Presse newspaper.     Merkel said her conservative bloc would begin exploratory talks next week on forming a coalition   first with the FDP and Greens separately on Oct. 18, and then in a three-way format on Oct. 20. In an interview with the Passauer Neue Presse, CSU chief Seehofer called for brisk negotiations with an eye to completing the talks by year-end. He urged party members to stop calling for his resignation, saying the discussion could weaken the party s negotiating stance in the coalition talks. The party leadership issue is to be addressed at a CSU congress in mid-November. The three-way tie-up is untested at national level but it is Merkel s only realistic option of forming a government as the center-left Social Democrats   her previous coalition partners   insist they want to go into opposition. Ozdemir dismissed the migrant limit as an internal CDU-CSU matter.  It definitely won t appear in a possible coalition agreement,  he said, adding the pro-migrant Greens wanted quick and fair processes for newcomers to Germany, effective integration measures and an immigration law with clear rules and criteria. The Greens reject a cap on migrant arrivals that the Bavarian CSU has been advocating. Germany saw an influx of 890,000 migrants in 2015 and 280,000 in 2016, many of them entering the country via Bavaria. Although arrivals are expected to drop further this year, the issue is expected to set sparks flying between the CSU and Greens in coalition talks. Merkel said the limit of 200,000 migrants per year did not mean the 200,001st refugee to arrive would be deported but rather he or she would have the right for his or her case to be individually considered. A package of measures would, however, ensure that the limit is not breached, she added. Merkel and Seehofer stressed that the government and lower house of parliament could change the rules to allow more or fewer people into Germany if the national or international situation changed unexpectedly such as if a war were to break out of if there were rising unemployment in Germany. Seehofer said it would be mandatory for parliament to have a say on the adjustments. But Merkel said even if there were adjustments there would not be a repeat of the 2015 migrant influx because of factors such as the migrant deal between the European Union and Turkey, partnerships with Africa and the expanded remit of the EU s border control agency Frontex. She said asylum applications for newcomers would be processed in centers where decisions can also be made to deport them because it had proved difficult to deport rejected asylum seekers once they had been distributed to towns.  Despite his opposition to the conservative deal, Ozdemir advocated beginning talks:  We all need to just get started now,  he said on ZDF television. ",1
17957,European courts could decide trade disputes during transition period: PM May,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said it was possible that the European Court of Justice could continue to arbitrate trade disputes during a transition period after Britain has formally left the bloc in March 2019.  We want to have a smooth and orderly process of withdrawal ... that s why we want that implementation period and we have to negotiate what will operate during that implementation period, and yes that may mean we will start off with the ECJ,  May told parliament. The jurisdiction of the European court is a inflammatory issue for some Brexit campaigners within May s Conservative Party. Citing sovereignty as a benefit of Brexit, they argue that leaving the EU should offer supremacy to British courts. Britain also said it will seek to negotiate trade deals with countries outside the EU during a transition period, but it would not bring any such deals into effect if they clashed with the transition terms. In a document setting out its post-Brexit trade plans, the government said it would seek to  transition all existing EU trade agreements and other EU preferential arrangements  to provide continuity for exporters and investors. ",1
17958,A split within a split: the Catalan valley sticking with Spain,"VIELHA, Spain (Reuters) - If Catalonia declares independence from Spain this week, one community in the region s mountainous north might declare independence from Catalonia.  Most people in the picturesque Aran Valley - a semi-autonomous community nestled among the Pyrenees - want to stay with Spain, and the area has the right to self-determination under a law passed in 2015 by the Catalan parliament.   We re a little spot on the map and often we re not taken into account,  said Maria Verges Perez, the deputy mayor of Aran s capital, Vielha, a cluster of stone-and-slate houses on the valley floor ringed by autumnal forests.   But we will exercise our right to decide our future.  Catalan President Carles Puigdemont is expected to declare independence on Tuesday in Spain s worst constitutional crisis since the return of democracy in the 1970s. The roughly 10,000 people of Aran, on the border with France, have a language and culture distinct from the rest of Catalonia, which itself differs from the rest of Spain. The valley s economy is heavily dependent on winter sports tourists from Spain and the EU. Their politicians say the 2015 law gives them the right to vote on whether they want to break away with Catalonia - something which Catalan officials do not dispute. The Spanish government has vowed to prevent Catalonia seceding. Losing the region would deprive the country of 16 percent of its people and a fifth of its economic output. But while Madrid insists Spain is indivisible under its constitution, the Aran Valley underlines the complex nature of nationhood in such a culturally diverse country. Ever since Spain s return to democracy in the 1970s, Madrid has struggled to balance the country s patchwork of regional identities, including its decades-long fight to quell separatism in the northern Basque Country led by violent militants ETA. Few in the medieval villages along the Aran Valley doubt the community would opt to stay with Spain if asked to vote.   The people here feel very far away from what is going on in Barcelona,  said Carlos Barrera, head of the Aran government, at a rural festival in Salardu village where locals judged stocky Pyrenean horses and handed out racks of blood sausages.  The valley had the lowest voter turnout by far in Catalonia s Oct. 1 independence referendum, which had been declared illegal by Spain s constitutional court.  Across Catalonia there was a 43 percent turnout, with most people who wanted to remain in Spain staying home, and 90 percent of those who voted backed secession. In Aran, just 24 percent voted, with 84 percent of those backing independence.  The valley traces its political allegiances back to pacts drawn up in the 13th century with the Crown of Aragon, a monarchy that would join with the Crown of Castille two centuries later to form what became Spain. Many locals speak Aranese, a dialect of the Occitan language still spoken in pockets of the Pyrenees and southern France.  Two years ago, the Catalan parliament approved the  Law on Aran s Special Status , giving it control over its culture, language and administration and recognizing  the right of the Aranese people to decide their future . A Catalan government spokesman said Catalonia would respect the Aranese people s decision in any future referendum. A Spanish government spokesman declined to comment on whether Aran could remain part of Spain, saying Catalonia would never become independent.  Aran s residents are some of the sternest critics of the Catalan government which they say is ignoring those people who want to stay in Spain and charging toward independence at any cost.  In Vielha, a lone red and yellow Catalan independence flag hanging from an apartment block was the only evidence last Saturday of the separatist fever sweeping many parts of the region, where cities convulse with protests triggered by Madrid s violent crackdown on the referendum.  Many people in Aran fear Catalan independence would destroy its tourism economy which revolves around Baqueira-Beret, Spain s most popular ski resort.  About two-thirds of the population in Aran depend on the ski resort for jobs. In the winter, the population triples with the influx of skiers drawn to the same slopes used by Spain s royal family. Since the referendum, Verges Perez, the Vielha deputy mayor, said potential visitors had canceled almost 30 percent of hotel reservations for next week s local holidays. And if an independent Catalonia was no longer part of the European Union, Aran s reliance on agreements to use French hospitals for medical emergencies would be jeopardized, she added.    That s the trap. Nobody has explained the price that independence like this would have,  she said. Many of Catalonia s largest businesses have already said they are transferring their headquarters out of the region due to the political turmoil. Insurance firm Catalana Occidente, owned by the same family that owns Baqueira-Beret, is reportedly considering doing the same, although it has not confirmed it. The valley ranks as one of Catalonia s wealthiest regions, thanks to a tunnel that opened it up to the rest of Spain in 1948. Before then, it was a poor area only accessible by an often snow-covered mountain pass.  The valley s politicians say holding their own referendum could be the only way to defend the local economy.  But Jaime Geli, Salardu s 72-year-old former mayor and one of the few independence supporters here, said locals shouldn t be so quick to throw their lot in with Spain instead of sticking with Catalonia. Catalan authorities had protected the Aranese culture and language from a central government hostile to the idea that Spain is made up of different  nations , he said, sat by the valley s river.   In Madrid, when you talk to them about different languages, it makes their hairs stand up on end.  ",1
17959,UK's May says Brexit talks must focus on future relationship,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said negotiations with the European Union on leaving the bloc needed to be focused on the long-term future relationship between the two after a limited implementation period.  We should concentrate our negotiating time and capital on what really matters: the future long-term relationship we will have with the EU after this temporary period ends,  May told parliament. ",1
17960,Ethnic land dispute forces thousands to flee in Ivory Coast cocoa belt,"GUIGLO, Ivory Coast (Reuters) - An ethnic-fueled land dispute has driven thousands of farmers off illegal plantations in Ivory Coast s main cocoa belt, threatening the start of the harvest in the world s top producer. Humanitarian workers and local government officials said at least 3,000 people had already been displaced by the violence, after the government said last week that two people had been killed in clashes and soldiers had been sent to the area. Ivory Coast s main production area has for decades been subject to explosive disputes over land ownership between native groups in the area and migrants from neighboring countries and other parts of Ivory Coast. The latest dispute broke out last month between members of the We alliance from the Guere, Yacouba and Wobe ethnic groups, who entered the Cavally and Gouin-Debe forest reserves in western Ivory Coast and threatened ethnic Baoules and migrants from Burkina Faso farming there.  They threatened to kill us if we didn t leave the village within 10 minutes,  said Gouin-Debe cocoa farmer Pierre Koffi Kouame.  There are around 30 small villages in the area where we live and all of them were visited by these youths.  We don t do anyone any harm. We just grow cocoa,  he said. The 2017/18 cocoa season in Ivory Coast began on Oct. 1 following a record harvest of over 2 million tonnes last season. Most growing areas will hit peak production within the next three months.   The cocoa is already there and many pods are ripe and should have already been harvested last week,  said Sylvain Kouadio, who fled his plantation near the town of Blolequin late last month.   If nothing is done, the cocoa is going to rot. It must not stay on the trees too long.  The Ivorian Parks and Reserves Office (OIPR), which manages protected land, estimates that up to 40 percent of Ivorian cocoa production comes from illegal plantations. Cocoa farmers have illegally set up plantations within Ivory Coast s national parks and forest reserves for decades, but the phenomenon accelerated during and after a decade-long political crisis and civil war, which ended in 2011.  Tensions over land ownership were a major factor contributing to the political crisis, and western cocoa growing areas saw some of the worst violence during two civil wars in 2002-2003 and 2011.     A Reuters reporter saw hundreds of families, recently pushed out of the forests, camped out on the premises of a local government building in the town of Guiglo, seeking to shelter their children and meager belongings from the rain.  A local government official said those displaced from the forests typically stay for three or four days while they look for a new place to live.  All we want is to take back our land from the outsiders who have occupied it for years,  said Rigobert Toualy, a member of the We alliance in Guiglo. ",1
17961,Turkey's Erdogan says U.S. decision to suspend visa services 'upsetting',"KIEV (Reuters) - Turkey s President Tayyip Erdogan said on Monday a U.S. decision to suspend visa services in Turkey was upsetting, adding that Turkish foreign ministry officials had contacted their U.S. counterparts over the issue.   Above all, the decision is very upsetting. For the embassy in Ankara to take such a decision and implement, it is upsetting,  Erdogan told a news conference during a visit to Ukraine. ",1
17962,NATO launches Black Sea force as latest counter to Russia,"CRAIOVA, Romania (Reuters) - NATO launched a new multinational force in Romania on Monday to counter Russia along its eastern flank and to check a growing Russian presence in the Black Sea following the Kremlin s 2014 seizure of Crimea. The force will initially be built around a Romanian brigade of up to 4,000 soldiers, supported by troops from nine other NATO countries, and complementing a separate deployment of 900 U.S. troops who are already in place. The plans are to include additional air and sea assets to give the force greater capabilities.  Our purpose is peace, not war,  Romanian President Klaus Iohannis told the NATO Parliamentary Assembly of alliance lawmakers, which is meeting this year in Bucharest.  We are not a threat for Russia. But we need dialogue from a strong position of defense and discouragement,  he said, before flying to the Craiova military base in south-eastern Romania.   At the base, as military bands played, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg stood alongside Iohannis, addressed some of the troops in green face paint and inspected vehicles and weapons.   We are sending a very clear message: NATO is here, NATO is strong and NATO is united,  Stoltenberg told assembled Polish, Romanian, Spanish and Portuguese soldiers. Russia accuses NATO of trying to encircle it and threatening stability in Eastern Europe, which NATO denies. Around the Black Sea, Romania, Bulgaria and Turkey are NATO members while Georgia and Ukraine aspire to join. The NATO force aims to develop its presence in the Black Sea region, rich in oil and gas, without escalating tensions as it seeks to counter Russia s own plans to create what military analysts say is a  buffer zone . The 2008 Russian operation to put troops in Georgia s South Ossetia region, its support for separatists in eastern Ukraine since 2014 and its annexation of Crimea have raised the stakes, with all sides warning of a new, Cold-War style scenario.       Apart from Romania, Poland is the biggest troop contributor. Bulgaria, Italy and Portugal will train regularly with the force in Craiova, and Germany is also expected to contribute.  In additional to existing NATO Black Sea naval patrols, a maritime presence will include more allied visits to Romanian and Bulgarian ports, training and exercises. Britain is deploying fighter planes to Romania. Canada is already helping to patrol Romanian air space, and Italian planes are helping patrol over Bulgaria. Some Eastern Europeans want NATO s new ballistic missile defense shield, which includes a site in Romania, to be part of NATO s eastern posture vis-a-vis Russia.   The Aegis Ashore system would add another level of deterrence,  said Maciej Kowalski, an analyst at the Polish Casimir Pulaski Foundation, referring to the U.S.-built system. NATO says the system is to intercept any Iranian rockets. As in the Baltics and Poland, where the U.S.-led alliance has some 4,000 troops, NATO says the relatively light multinational model recalls allied support for West Berlin in the 1950s, when the presence of British, French and U.S. forces ensured the Soviet Union could not control all of Berlin. Under NATO s founding treaty, an attack on one ally is an attack on all, meaning all 28 NATO nations would be required to respond in the case of any potential Russian aggression. While months in planning, the establishment of the force  comes as Russia winds down its biggest war games since 2013. The Zapad, or West, games showed off Moscow s latest weaponry and its ability to quickly mass forces on NATO s borders.  The enhanced NATO presence in Romania and Bulgaria marks a diplomatic success for Bucharest, which gained greater persuasive power because it is set to reach a NATO goal of spending 2 percent of economic output on defense this year, a priority for U.S. President Donald Trump. Romania pushed for bigger NATO naval presence on the Black Sea for more than a year, but found its neighbor Bulgaria wary of provoking Russia. Turkey supports only limited NATO reinforcements, concerned about breaking international rules limiting the scale of patrols in the Black Sea. Turkey has played down the extent of Russia s militarization of Crimea, which NATO says involves deploying surface-to-air missiles and communications jamming equipment. ",1
17963,Bolivia's Morales leads 'Che' homage 50 years after execution,"VALLEGRANDE, Bolivia (Reuters) - Thousands gathered on Monday in a small town in southern Bolivia, where the leader of the Cuban revolution Ernesto  Che  Guevara was executed by CIA-backed Bolivian soldiers 50 years earlier.  Bolivia s President Evo Morales, one of few remaining leftist leaders in a region that has shifted to the political right, camped in a sleeping bag and tent and welcomed dignitaries from allies Cuba and Venezuela.  50 years later, the legend of Ernesto Che Guevara lives in the young people, in their unquestionable struggle for equality and liberation,  Morales wrote on Twitter ahead of a scheduled speech. Over the weekend artists, activists, veterans of the Cuban revolution and Guevara s descendants gathered to commemorate the revolutionary hero in Vallegrande, where he was buried in a hidden, unmarked grave in 1967 before his remains were moved to Cuba 30 years later. The Argentine-born doctor met Fidel Castro in Mexico, where they trained and bought guns in preparation for the Cuban revolution before setting sail for the island on Nov. 25, 1956, to start the insurgency that toppled U.S.-backed dictator Fulgencio Batista two years later. Guevara rose to become one of the most important men in the rebel force and later in Cuba s revolutionary government, heading the central bank and industry ministry.  He had hoped to replicate the revolution in Congo and then in Bolivia, but his call to arms largely failed and he was surrounded by U.S.-trained soldiers and caught in a ravine near La Higuera on Oct. 8, 1967. The next day he was taken to Vallegrande, 60 km (37 miles) away and Bolivia s then-President Ren  Barrientos ordered his execution, avoiding a trial. Guevara was 39.  His remains were exhumed and reburied in Santa Clara, Cuba, in 1997, when the Cuban Communism he helped build was struggling  to survive after the Soviet Union collapsed. Commemorative ceremonies were held in Santa Clara on Sunday, and Cuba s Vice President Ramiro Vald s joined Morales in Bolivia on Monday.  Guevara remains an anti-imperialist hero to many, especially in Latin America and Africa. In Cuba he is remembered for promoting unpaid voluntary work by toiling shirtless on building sites and hauling sacks of sugar. But in the town of Rosario, Argentina, where he was born, some residents have been collecting signatures to have his statue removed, protesting what they call his violent means to promote communism and lack of human rights in today s Cuba. ",1
17964,Nigeria set to start mass trial of Boko Haram suspects behind closed doors,"ABUJA (Reuters) - The trial of more than 1,600 people suspected of ties with Boko Haram was expected to begin in Nigeria on Monday behind closed doors, in the biggest legal investigation into the eight-year militant Islamist insurgency. More than 20,000 people have been killed and two million forced from their homes in northeastern Nigeria during the insurgency, contributing to what the United Nations has said is among the world s worst humanitarian crises.  Nigeria s ministry of justice said last month the trial of around 1,670 people held at the Kainji detention facility would begin at the site, in the central Niger state, on Monday and would be presided over by four judges.  A spokesman for the ministry did not respond to requests for confirmation that the trial had begun. A military spokesman declined to comment, saying questions should be addressed to the judiciary.  The ministry has said that after the Kainji trials are completed, a further 651 people suspected of having links to Boko Haram and currently being held at prisons in Maiduguri, the capital of the northeastern state of Borno, would go on trial.   Clement Nwankwo, a human rights lawyer based in the capital, Abuja, said the trials would provide a more effective deterrent if they were open to the media and public.  On the Boko Haram issue, stories need to be told for the public to be made aware what has been going on and understand the nature of the crimes committed,  said Nwankwo, adding that secrecy also made it hard to determine whether trials were fair.   The Nigerian authorities have not been known to be diligent in investigating and properly prosecuting suspects,  he said, warning that a sense of injustice could breed resentment among relatives that could yield future radicalization.  However, Fatima Akilu - who headed the government s counter violent extremism program under the previous administration - said secrecy was needed to encourage witnesses and judges to take part in the trials because Nigeria does not have a witness protection program.  A lot of witnesses were afraid to come forward,  Akilu, who was based in the Office of the National Security Adviser from 2012 to 2015, said of previous efforts to pursue trials.  She said judges and witnesses had previously been subjected to death threats.   If the witnesses don t come forward there is limited evidence in terms of reaching a conviction, so I think there was little choice,  she said, adding that there were no clear alternatives in the absence of an amnesty program. Nigeria s handling of thousands of people accused of ties with Boko Haram insurgents has previously attracted criticism.  The legal process marks a steep escalation in the number of insurgency-related cases being handled by Nigerian authorities. The Ministry of Justice has said that, as of Sept. 11, only 13  terrorism cases  had been concluded and nine convictions had been secured.   The decision to start the trials is a response to persistent complaints by local and international human rights groups over thousands of persons detained without access to lawyers and without any specific charges, said Nnamdi Obasi, of International Crisis Group.  ",1
17965,Georgian president vetoes new constitution draft,"TBILISI (Reuters) - Georgian President Giorgi Margvelashvili on Monday vetoed a draft new constitution and sent it back to parliament with his objections which included opposing its call for an end to direct elections for president. Parliament, which is dominated by the Georgian Dream Party, adopted the new draft last week over objections from Margvelashvili and the opposition. Under this new proposed new constitution, direct elections for president would be abolished from 2024, the country would transfer to full proportional parliamentary representation and the system of electoral blocs would be scrapped. In a televised statement, Margvelashvili, who was elected in 2013 for a five-year term, said he remained in favor of direct presidential elections rather than a system in which the president would be appointed by parliament. He said he had proposed to the parliamentary majority to allow parties to form electoral blocs for the next parliamentary elections in 2020. He said he also supported scrapping the voting  bonus  system under which votes of parties that failed to muster enough support to enter parliament would be transferred to the winner of the election. He also supported a switch to a proportional electoral system in 2020.   I will send my justified objection to the parliament today,  Margvelashvili said. The next presidential election in Georgia is to be held in 2018 and it is not clear whether Margvelashvili, who is at odds with the ruling party on several issues, will stand again. MPs from the Georgian Dream said after adopting the new constitution that they would give ground on only two of the president s objections   allowing the parties to form electoral blocs and scrapping the voting bonus system. The ruling party has a constitutional majority at the parliament, allowing it to overcome the president s veto. ",1
17966,UK police caution woman over incident at Prince George's school,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police have cautioned a woman over an incident at a London primary school attended by Prince George, the great-grandson of Queen Elizabeth, police said on Monday. The four-year-old, third-in-line to the throne and son of Prince William and his wife Kate, started on Sept. 6 at Thomas s Battersea, a private school in southwest London. The event was widely publicized in Britain and beyond. On Sept. 13, police said a woman had been arrested on suspicion of burglary after she gained access to the school. Police gave few details about the incident, which had occurred on Sept. 12. The woman was later released. Police said on Monday the caution was in relation to an offense under the Education Act, while there was no further action in relation to attempted burglary.  A 40-year-old woman has accepted a caution for causing a nuisance on school property following an incident at Thomas s Battersea school in September,  London s Metropolitan Police said in a statement on Monday. A caution is a formal warning by police that stops short of being a criminal conviction. ",1
17967,Iran promises 'crushing' response if U.S. designates Guards a terrorist group,"LONDON (Reuters) - Iran promised on Monday to give a  crushing  response if the United States designated its elite Revolutionary Guards as a terrorist group. The pledge came a week before President Donald Trump announces a final decision on how he wants to contain the Islamic Republic.  He is expected on Oct. 15 to  decertify  a landmark 2015 international deal to curb Iran s nuclear program, a step that by itself stops short of pulling out of the agreement but gives Congress 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions. Trump is also expected to designate Iran s most powerful security force, the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corp (IRGC) as a terrorist organization, as he rolls out a broader, more hawkish U.S. strategy on Iran.   We are hopeful that the United States does not make this strategic mistake,  Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qasemi was quoted as saying by the state news agency IRNA.  If they do, Iran s reaction would be firm, decisive and crushing and the United States should bear all its consequences,  he told a news conference reported by IRNA. Individuals and entities associated with the IRGC are already on the U.S. list of foreign terrorist organizations, but the organization as a whole is not. IRGC commander Mohammad Ali Jafari said on Sunday,  If the news is correct about the stupidity of the American government in considering the Revolutionary Guards a terrorist group, then the Revolutionary Guards will consider the American army to be like Islamic State all around the world.  Jafari also said that additional sanctions would end chances for future dialogue with the United States and that the Americans would have to move their regional bases outside the 2,000 km (1,250 mile) range of IRGC s missiles. U.S. sanctions on the IRGC could affect conflicts in Iraq and Syria, where Tehran and Washington both support warring parties that oppose the Islamic State militant group (IS). France said on Monday it was worried that classifying the IRGC as a terrorist group could exacerbate tensions in the region. Germany said it was worried Trump would decide Iran is not respecting the nuclear deal, negotiated under his predecessor Barack Obama, and fears such a step will worsen insecurity in the Middle East.  A U.S. pullout could unravel an accord seen by supporters as vital to preventing a Middle East arms race and tamping down regional tensions, since it limits Iran s ability to enrich uranium for nuclear fuel in exchange for the lifting of sanctions that damaged its oil-based economy. The U.N. nuclear watchdog s inspectors have repeatedly declared Iran in compliance with the terms of the nuclear deal.  Trump called Iran  a corrupt dictatorship  during his first speech to the U.N. General Assembly and said the nuclear deal was  the worst and most one-sided transactions the United States has ever entered into . The other five world powers in the deal were Britain, France, Germany, Russia and China. The prospect of the United States reneging on the agreement has worried other partners that helped negotiate it. The Kremlin said that any U.S. withdrawal from the nuclear deal would have  negative consequences.   British Prime Minister Theresa May, who supports the nuclear pact, and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who opposes it, agreed in a phone call on Monday that they need to be  clear-eyed  about the threat Iran poses to the Middle East.  They agreed that ... the international community should continue working together to push back against Iran s destabilizing regional activity,  May s spokesman said. Despite the nuclear deal, Washington still maintains its own more limited sanctions on Iran over its ballistic missile program and over accusations Tehran supports terrorism. Iran says it is developing missiles solely for defensive purposes and denies involvement in terrorism.  The Trump administration aims to put more pressure on the IRGC, especially over recent missile tests and what Washington has called its  malign activities  across the Middle East. The U.S. government imposed sanctions in July on 18 entities and people for supporting the IRGC in developing drones and military equipment. In August, Congress overwhelmingly approved the  Countering America s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act  which imposed new sanctions on Iran for its ballistic missile program, as well as sanctions on Russia and North Korea. In an interview aired on Saturday night, Trump accused Iran of  funding North Korea  and  doing things with North Korea that are totally inappropriate . Qasemi, Iran s foreign ministry spokesman, said the U.S. accusations were  baseless . He added,  Israel and some specific countries are raising these accusations to create Iranophobia.   ",1
17968,"Wait for the talks, says UK PM's spokesman on possible Brexit breakthrough","LONDON (Reuters) - A speech in Italy by Prime Minister Theresa May created momentum in Brexit talks with the European Union, her spokesman said on Monday, but was non-committal on whether it would provide the breakthrough the British government says it wants. Asked if May was confident of a breakthrough in the current round of talks, her spokesman said:  The (Florence) speech was intended to create momentum, we believe we are seeing that momentum, but lets see what happens in the next round of talks.  The spokesman told reporters that the government was pressing on with May s Brexit plans and would publish policy papers on its plans for customs and trade legislation after Britain leaves the bloc in March 2019. He also said the prime minister, who was left weaker than ever after her party s annual conference last week, had full confidence in her finance minister, Philip Hammond, and foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, after a raft of negative briefings against both of them by unnamed sources in local media. ",1
17969,EU says 'ball entirely in UK court' for move to next Brexit talks phase,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - It is up to Britain, rather than the European Union, to make progress in divorce negotiations with the European Union to enable the opening of talks on the future relationship, the spokesman for the European Commission said on Monday.  There is a clear sequencing to these talks and there has been so far no solution found on step one, which is the divorce proceedings,  spokesman Margaritis Schinas told a regular briefing.  So the ball is entirely in the UK court for the rest to happen. And the UK can always refer to the debate in the European plenary in Strasbourg on the subject,  he said, referring to last week s debate in the European Parliament. He was responding to excerpts made available of a speech  British Prime Minister Theresa May to Britain s parliament later on Monday in which she will say that  as we look forward to the next stage, the ball is in their (EU) court . ",1
17970,Jailed British-Iranian charity worker faces new charges: family,"LONDON (Reuters) - Iranian authorities have opened a new case against a British-Iranian charity worker serving five years in jail in Tehran, leveling charges that could carry a sentence of 16 additional years in prison, her family said on Monday.   Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, was arrested by the elite Revolutionary Guards in April 2016 at a Tehran airport, as she was about to return to Britain with her two-year-old daughter after a family visit.   She was convicted of plotting to overthrow Iran s clerical establishment, a charge denied by her family and the Foundation, a charity organization that is independent of Thomson Reuters and operates independently of Reuters News. She was sentenced to five years in prison.   In a hearing in Evin Prison, where she is serving her term, Zaghari-Ratcliffe was told on Sunday that a new case had been opened at the insistence of the Revolutionary Guards, Iran s most powerful security force, her family said in a statement.   The new charges include joining and receiving money from organizations working to overthrow the Islamic Republic, and attending a demonstration outside the Iranian Embassy in London, the family said.  Nazanin and the rest of her family are bewildered at this turn,  the family statement said.  Her husband Richard Ratcliffe said the Revolutionary Guards were  inventing new charges to prevent her early release . Iran s judiciary was not immediately available for comment. Zaghari-Ratcliffe used to work in London for the BBC, which Iran says is seeking to topple the Islamic theocracy. During Sunday s hearing she rejected all the new charges, the family said. Iran refuses to recognize dual nationals and denies them access to consular assistance.  On the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly in September, Britain s foreign minister, Boris Johnson, said progress in the relationship between London and Tehran would depend to some extent on a resolution of the Nazanin case. ",1
17971,"Nusra Front, Islamic State clash in Syria's Hama province","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Islamic State took control of some Syrian villages in a rebel-controlled area east of Hama on Monday, opening a new frontline days after the Syrian military said it had cleared Islamic State from a nearby area.      Islamic State said in a statement it had taken control of 12 villages and carried out a big attack on the jihadist alliance Tahrir al-Sham. Tahrir al-Sham, spearheaded by al Qaeda s former affiliate the Nusra Front, said in its own statement that Islamic State had stormed several villages and accused the Syrian army of allowing it to cross government territory.  A war monitor, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, said Islamic State had taken 15 villages from Tahrir al-Sham, but that the jihadist alliance then took five of them back.          On Friday the Syrian army said it had cleared Islamic State from its last pocket of territory in a nearby part of the countryside east of Hama after months of fighting.  The Observatory and Tahrir al-Sham said those same fighters were the ones that captured the villages, appearing to have crossed government-held territory. The Observatory said some of them had crossed with groups of civilians. Although Islamic State and the groups that make up Tahrir al-Sham, including the Nusra Front, subscribe to hardline jihadist ideology, they have opposed each other for years.  Islamic State has not held territory abutting areas held by jihadists or other rebel groups in northwest Syria, the most populous area held by the insurgency, since last year.  It has since lost swathes of ground to the Syrian army, backed by Russia, Iran and Shi ite militias, and a rival campaign by Kurdish and Arab groups in the north supported by the United States. ",1
17972,Catalan govt to blame for companies' exodus from region: Spanish finance minister,"LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - Spain s finance minister on Monday blamed the Catalan government for companies moving their headquarters out of the region, while his euro zone colleagues played down the impact of the Spanish crisis on the shared currency. In recent weeks, a stream of Catalonia-based firms and banks have moved their legal bases outside the regionas a crisis over a Catalonian push for independence from Spain deepened. Caixabank, Spain s number 3 bank, and Banco Sabadell, the number 5, have both moved their head offices out of Catalonia last week following an independence  referendum that the Madrid government attempted to block.  The exit of many companies from Catalonia is the consequence of the irrational and radical policies implemented and pursued by the (regional) government,  minister Luis de Guindos said as he arrived for a meeting of euro zone finance ministers in Luxembourg.  Losing Catalonia would have a significant impact on Spain, as the region makes up a fifth of the country s economic output and more than a quarter of its exports. Some fear it will impact on the euro zone economy, which is slowly recovering from a recession at the start of the decade. Nevertheless, most euro zone ministers declined to get drawn into a discussion on the situation in Catalonia, with Eurogroup president Jeroen Dijsselbloem describing it as a  domestic issue .  I hope that those prevail in Spain, who understand that, as the Spanish Prime Minister has said, law and constitution are the basis on which we operate,  German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said.  European Economics Commissioner Pierre Moscovici, asked about the economic impact of the Catalan debate, said the Spanish constitutional order must be respected.  This situation cannot be solved by violence, we have to find a solution through dialogue, this is also true when you consider the economic oint of view,  he said. Spain also sought to reassure international investors concerned about the political situation in the country.   The message is crystal clear: Catalonian independence is not going to happen,  De Guindos said. ",1
17973,Referendum likely on Dutch 'tapping' law,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Digital privacy advocates who hope to force the repeal of a law giving Dutch intelligence agencies new surveillance powers said on Monday they have gathered enough signatures to demand a referendum. A range of activists, politicians and media groups oppose the law, which passed by a healthy margin in July and gives agencies the power to gather data covertly from large groups of people at once. The petition for a referendum must now be submitted to the  Voting Commission to vet whether it has met the 300,000 signature threshold.  If it has, the government is obliged to hold a non-binding referendum on whether the law should be upheld, likely together with municipal elections on March 21.  You cross the line when large groups of innocent civilians can be dragged into the sights of secret services with a trawling net,  said David Korteweg, a lawyer for online rights group Bits of Freedom, in a statement. The government argues that the expanded powers are needed for spy agencies to counter threats to national security and their use can be tested by an oversight panel. The referendum law is itself controversial and may be repealed.  After it was passed in 2015 its first use was to block the Dutch government from ratifying an economic treaty it and other European Union countries had negotiated with Ukraine. A large  no  vote on the referendum embarrassed The Hague and forced Prime Minister Mark Rutte to seek minor amendments to the treaty. It later emerged that the signatures to hold the Ukraine referendum were gathered via the internet and never vetted. ",1
17974,Germany watching Trump's Iran decision with 'great concern',"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany is worried that U.S. President Donald Trump will decide this week that Iran is not respecting a two-year-old deal to curb its nuclear programme and fears such a step will worsen the security situation in the Middle East. Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said Germany was prepared to work with the United States to change Iran s behaviour in the region but  we do not want to see this agreement damaged.   We are looking with great concern towards the United States,  Gabriel told reporters in Berlin.  We urge the White House not to call into question such an important achievement that has improved our security,  he said in reference to the 2015 accord reached under Trump s predecessor Barack Obama, who sought detente with Tehran.  We are also offering to help influence Iran s behaviour in the region. Germany is ready to do this, but not at the price of sacrificing the nuclear deal.  Trump is expected to  decertify  the landmark agreement between Iran and Britain, China, France, Germany, Russia, the United States and European Union despite advice from senior members of his own cabinet and U.S. partners to stick with it. If he does say Iran is not respecting the deal, the U.S. Congress would have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions that were lifted in exchange for curbs on Iran s nuclear programme. Even if Congress does not take that step, the deal could be at risk of unravelling if Washington and Tehran resort to tit-for-tat retaliatory steps. The U.N. nuclear watchdog has repeatedly certified that Iran is in compliance with the deal s terms.  Gabriel called the accord a  great diplomatic success , saying it had prevented Iran from developing nuclear weapons and headed off a military conflict between Iran and Israel.  We are worried, based on the signals coming out of the United States, that the president will tell lawmakers that the nuclear deal with Iran is not being fulfilled,  Gabriel said.  This runs counter to the view of all the European countries that participated in the deal as well as the EU.  Gabriel said he had made clear to U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in recent conversations that Europe, due to its relative geographical proximity to Iran, would see its own security interests as damaged if the nuclear deal collapsed.  He also drew attention to the signal such a step would send to North Korea.  Our big concern, with regard to North Korea, is that it is very unlikely that the North Korean dictatorship would sign an international agreement in which it agrees to renounce nuclear weapons when the one agreement like this (with Iran) is being called into question,  Gabriel said. ",1
17975,Police charge Czech PM candidate Babis with subsidy fraud,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - Andrej Babis, the frontrunner to become Czech prime minister after this month s election, said on Monday he had been formally charged with fraud in a case involving a 2 million euro EU subsidy a decade ago. Babis has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing, saying the investigation was a plot by adversaries who want to prevent him from taking power and cutting corruption links between the EU member country s incumbent politicians and business.   I have received a decision on the commencement of criminal prosecution in the pseudo-case ... I immediately appealed this decision,  Babis said in a text message through his spokeswoman. Spokesmen for the Prague prosecutor and police were not immediately available for comment. The charges were expected after police asked parliament in August to lift parliamentary immunity of the billionaire businessman Babis, leader of the ANO movement, and ANO deputy chief Jaroslav Faltynek. Parliament voted to allow prosecution on Sept 6. The ANO spokeswoman said Faltynek, former executive at companies owned by Babis, had also been charged with fraud. He also denies wrongdoing. Babis is almost certain to win a new parliamentary mandate in the Oct 20-21 vote, which would renew his immunity. Parliament would have to vote again to lift it to allow the prosecution to go ahead.  ANO is expected to win the most votes in the election but fall short of an overall majority in parliament. Several potential coalition parties have said they would not join a government led by Babis personally due to the investigation.  The case involves an allegation that Babis hid ownership a decade ago of the farm and conference center, Capi hnizdo (Stork Nest), so it would qualify for a European Union subsidy that was meant for small businesses. It would not qualify as part of Babis s Agrofert group of companies which is the largest private employer in the central European country. Babis said it was owned by his family members when the subsidy was awarded. It was folded into Agrofert later. Babis and Faltynek, a former executive at Agrofert companies, face potential prison sentences if the case is brought to court and if they are found guilty. The Slovak-born Babis moved Agrofert and other assets into trust funds earlier this year to meet new conflict of interest legislation. He remains beneficiary of the funds. Apart from police, the European Union s anti-fraud unit OLAF has also been looking into the case. ",1
17976,Turkey summons U.S. consulate worker for questioning: Anadolu,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish authorities summoned a U.S. consulate worker to testify on Monday over his relatives  alleged links to last year s failed coup attempt, state-run Anadolu news agency said, days after the arrest of another consulate employee. Anadolu said the suspect was wanted for questioning after his wife and daughter were detained in the Black Sea city of Amasya. It did not say whether he had complied with the summons.  The man s wife and daughter were detained over alleged links to the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, Anadolu said, blamed by Ankara for orchestrating the abortive putsch. The two were later brought to Istanbul for legal procedures, it said.  U.S. consulate worker N.M.C., husband and father of the suspects in question, has no diplomatic immunity and has been called to the prosecutor s office to testify,  Anadolu quoted a statement from the Istanbul prosecutor s office as saying. On Sunday, the U.S. mission in Turkey and the Turkish mission in Washington cut back visa services after Metin Topuz, a U.S. consulate employee, was arrested in Turkey last week. Washington said the charges linking him to Gulen were baseless.  The prosecutor s office said that testimony from Topuz pointed to the two suspects detained in Amasya being high-ranking members of Gulen s network. Gulen has denied any role in the failed coup. ",1
17977,"UK border guard arrested in France in drugs, firearms bust","PARIS (Reuters) - A British border guard was one of 12 people arrested in France and Britain as part of an operation against arms and drugs smuggling across the English Channel, British police said on Monday. The 36-year-old from Britain s southern port town of Dover and three other British nationals were detained near Calais. French police also seized 34 kilos of cocaine, 7 kilos of heroin and 11 firearms, Britain s National Crime Agency (NCA) said.  The raid took place last Friday and all four remain in police custody. Eight other men were arrested in southern England.  ",1
17978,Exclusive: EU may shun Myanmar generals in new sanctions - draft,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union will cut back contacts with Myanmar s top generals in a first step to increase sanctions over an army  offensive that has driven more than 500,000 Rohingya Muslims out of the country, according to a draft document seen by Reuters. Thousands of the Rohingya fled for Myanmar to Bangladesh on Monday in a new surge of refugees driven by fears of starvation and violence which the United Nations denounced as ethnic cleansing. The United States and the European Union have been considering targeted sanctions against Myanmar military leaders, though the European bloc sees its options as relatively limited, with no hard-hitting, direct leverage on the ground.  EU foreign ministers will discuss the situation in Myanmar on Oct.16, and their draft joint statement said the bloc  will suspend invitations to the commander-in-chief of the Myanmar/Burma armed forces and other senior military officers . The text, which will be discussed further by envoys from the 28 EU states on Tuesday and may be modified, said the EU may consider further measures depending on developments in Myanmar but would  respond accordingly to positive developments . The document confirmed support for an existing EU embargo on arms and equipment  that can be used for internal repression .  It called on Myanmar to discuss repatriating refugees from neighboring Bangladesh and praised the latter for its role in the crisis, which started when attacks by Rohingya militants on security posts brought a ferocious military response. Refugees and rights groups say the army and Buddhist vigilantes use killing and arson to drive the Rohingya out of Myanmar. Myanmar rejects accusations of ethnic cleansing. The EU draft characterized the situation in the most-affected Rakhine State as  extremely serious  and said Kachin and Shan provinces were also  of great concern.   It called on all sides to cease violence, told the military to  end its operations  and protect all civilians equally, as well as calling on Myanmar to allow humanitarian access to the affected regions. The West has invested politically in Myanmar leader and Nobel peace laureate Aung San Suu Kyi, who has faced scathing international criticism for not doing more to stop the violence. While the EU feels disillusioned, it also acknowledges Aung San Suu Kyi has little influence over Myanmar s security forces. The move to punish the army head is largely symbolic as the West is also wary of hurting the wider economy or destabilizing already-tense ties between Suu Kyi and the army. Its leverage on the ground fades compared to that of Myanmar s immediate neighbors, including China.  ",1
17979,Turkey to retry opposition lawmaker jailed on espionage charges: NTV,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey will retry a lawmaker from the main opposition party after a court annulled his 25-year prison sentence but he will remain in custody, broadcaster NTV and opposition lawmakers said on Monday. Enis Berberoglu became a symbol for more than 50,000 people detained in the wake of a failed coup in July 2016. The chairman of his secular Republican People s Party (CHP) started a 425 km (265 mile) protest march from the capital Ankara to Istanbul when he was convicted and sentenced in June for military espionage. The court had said Berberoglu gave an opposition newspaper a video purporting to show Turkey s intelligence agency trucking weapons into Syria. Monday s decision to cancel the sentence came from the regional court of appeals, broadcaster NTV said. Berberoglu was the first CHP lawmaker to be jailed in a crackdown by President Tayyip Erdogan s government that has raised concerns among Turkey s Western allies and rights groups. More than 150,000 people, including teachers, academics and lawyers, have also been suspended from their jobs. Around 150 media outlets have also been shut and some 160 journalists jailed, the Turkish Journalists Association says. A prosecutor has called for jail sentences of up to 15 years on terrorism charges for rights activists including the local head of Amnesty International, Amnesty said on Sunday. Critics say Turkey is sliding toward greater authoritarianism. The government says such measures are necessary, given the vast security threats it is facing. ",1
17980,"Turkey summons U.S. embassy undersecretary, calls for end to visa dispute: sources","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey s foreign ministry on Monday summoned the U.S. embassy undersecretary and called for an end to a dispute between the two countries, Turkish foreign ministry sources said, after the NATO allies suspended visa services.  The sources said the undersecretary was told the visa suspension move caused  unnecessary tensions  and should be reversed. They said Turkey s foreign ministry undersecretary also spoke by phone with the U.S. ambassador on Sunday. In a move signaling a sharp deterioration in relations between the two NATO allies, the U.S. mission in Turkey and the Turkish mission in Washington mutually scaled back visa services after a U.S. consulate employee was arrested in Turkey. ",1
17981,Cholera claims unborn children as epidemic spreads Yemen misery,"HODEIDAH, Yemen (Reuters) - One of the latest victims of the cholera epidemic that has killed more than 2,000 people in Yemen had yet to even take her first breath. Her mother Safaa Issa Kaheel, then nine months pregnant, was brought into a crowded clinic in the Western port city of Hodeidah by her husband, who had to borrow the travel fare from a neighbor.  My stomach started hurting more and more,  said Kaheel, 37, a hydrating drip hooked into her arm. Once there, she was referred by nurse Hayam al-Shamaa for an ultrasound scan which showed her baby had died of dehydration - one of 15 to perish in the womb due to cholera in September and October, according to doctors at the city s Thawra hospital.   I felt like death,  Kaheel said, her voice strained.  Thank god I survived the (delivery), but my diarrhea hasn t stopped.    The Red Cross has warned that cholera, a diarrheal disease that has been eradicated in most developed countries, could infect a million people in Yemen by the end of the year.  Two and a half years of war have sapped Yemen of the money and medical facilities it needs to battle the contagion, to which aid agencies and medics say the poor, the starving, the pregnant and the young are most vulnerable. The cholera ward is full of children - some writhing in agony, others eerily still. The blanket over one boy too weak to move rises and falls with his shallow breathing. Save the Children said in August that children under 15 represent nearly half of new cases and a third of deaths, with  malnourished children more than six times more likely to die of cholera than well-fed ones.  Millions of Yemenis are struggling to find food and the baking desert plains around Hodeidah are hotspots both of hunger and sickness. Yemen s war pits the armed Houthi movement against the internationally recognized government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, which is backed by a Saudi-led coalition that has launched thousands of air strikes to restore him to power.  At least 10,000 people have been killed in the conflict. The country s health sector has been badly battered while a struggle over the central bank has left public sector salaries for doctors and sanitation workers unpaid. Soumaya Beltifa, spokesperson for the Red Cross in Sanaa, warned that a lack of funds and health personnel were blunting efforts to eradicate the disease, making it unlikely Yemen would be healthy again soon.  The cholera epidemic has become a norm, leading to complacency in dealing with the disease, not only by civilians but also from the various (aid) organizations,  she warned.",1
17982,Marseille attacker probably radicalized by brother: police,"ROME (Reuters) - The brother of the man who killed two women with a knife outside Marseille train station last week was probably a foreign fighter in Syria and Iraq, Italian investigators said on Monday. Italian police arrested 25-year-old Tunisian Anis Hannachi in Northern Italy on Saturday evening. He had been in Italy since Oct. 4 or earlier, police said. His older brother, the 29-year-old Ahmed, was shot dead by a French soldier after killing the two women on Oct. 1.  Ahmed lived south of Rome with his Italian wife from 2008 to 2014, and was known to police only for  petty crimes , Italy s chief anti-terrorism prosecutor Franco Roberti told reporters.   Ahmed never showed any signs of radicalization in Italy,  Roberti said.  The investigative hypothesis we re working on is that the younger brother radicalized the older one.  The militant Islamic State group claimed responsibility for the Marseille attack, but did not name Ahmed as the assailant. Anis has refused to talk to Italian investigators, Roberti said. He was arrested on an international arrest warrant issued by the French, who are investigating the Marseille attack as a  probable  terrorist action. It is likely that Anis will be extradited to France in a matter of days, Roberti added.   Anis was flagged as a dangerous individual who probably had been a foreign fighter  in Iraq and Syria, Claudio Galzerano, director of an Italian anti-terrorism police squad, told reporters.  Anis was arrested on suspicion of complicity in his brother s attack and membership of a terrorist group. He had been fingerprinted and photographed by police in 2014, when he reached Italy by boat and was immediately sent back home. However, that previous identification meant police were sure they had arrested the right man when they tracked him down on Saturday evening riding a bicycle in the center of Ferrara, in Northern Italy.  He had no identification on him, gave police a false name, and told them he was Algerian, Galzerano said. Police are now investigating Anis s possible contacts in Italy.  The Marseille attacker s estranged wife told Italy s Corriere della Sera newspaper on Sunday that she did not believe Ahmed had become a radical Islamist.  He didn t care about religion,  Ramona Cargnelutti told Corriere in an interview.  I ve never seen him enter a Mosque.  While admitting she had not seen him for more than two years, she said the murder of the two women was more likely a robbery gone wrong because he was a drug user and always in need of cash. Roberti said Italian prosecutors will be talking to Cargnelutti in the coming days as part of their investigation. ",1
17983,Turkey could look elsewhere if Russia won't share missile technology: minister,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey could seek a deal to acquire a missile defense system with another country if Russia does not agree to joint production of a defense shield, its foreign minister was quoted as saying on Monday. NATO member Turkey is seeking to buy the S-400 system from Russia, alarming Washington and other members of the Western alliance, and President Tayyip Erdogan said Ankara has already paid a deposit on the deal. Turkey hopes that the deal would allow it to acquire the technology to develop its own defense system, and Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu, in an interview with Turkish newspaper Aksam, said the two countries had agreed on joint production.  If Russia doesn t want to comply, we ll make an agreement with another country,  he said when asked about reports that Russia was reluctant to share the technology.  But we haven t got any official negative replies (from Russia) . Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov, asked in a conference call with reporters if the deal would go ahead if Moscow did not agree to joint production, said:  Contacts and negotiations at an expert level in the context of this deal are ongoing. This is all I can say for now.  Cavusoglu said Turkey had initially hoped to reach agreement with producers from NATO allies. Western firms which had bid for the contract included U.S. firm Raytheon, which put in an offer with its Patriot missile defense system. Franco-Italian group Eurosam, owned by the multinational European missile maker MBDA and France s Thales, came second in the tender. Turkey, with the second-largest army in the alliance, has enormous strategic importance for NATO, abutting as it does Syria, Iraq and Iran. But the relationship has become fractious since an attempted coup against Erdogan in July 2016 and a subsequent crackdown.  ",1
17984,Fighters on Raqqa front line brace for final showdown with Islamic State,"RAQQA, Syria (Reuters) - In the gutted four-storey building that he and five other U.S.-backed fighters have turned into a frontline fortress, Babel can peer out at Islamic State positions just 150 meters away.   The jihadist militants expected to make a last stand for this stronghold of their self-proclaimed caliphate are cornered and desperate here in Raqqa, the city on the Euphrates river that has served as their de-facto Syrian capital since 2014.  Let Daesh come - we re ready for them. We have explosives to drop downstairs,  said Babel, which is his nom de guerre. He and his fellow members of the U.S.-backed Syrian Defense Forces have occupied the frontline building for three weeks and are now preparing for a final showdown with Islamic State, the group also known as ISIS, ISIL or Daesh. The SDF fighters  position is well prepared in case the cornered IS militants attempt an attack. The front porch steps have been demolished, leaving a drop to the basement that can be crossed only by climbing a section of iron fence - a makeshift ladder, which the defenders can pull up. Inside, plastic bottles have been strewn across the floor to squeak when stepped on and alert them to intruders. After months of intense fighting and heavy U.S. bombardment, the SDF have surrounded Islamic State militants in a small part of the city. As the Kurdish and Arab militias of the SDF close in and U.S.-led air raids increase, they expect fierce fighting to mark the final stages of the campaign.  Daesh regularly launch small raids, even behind our position. Yesterday they attacked the building opposite and tried to push toward us. We killed a few and they retreated to the hospital,  Babel said. SDF units have a clear view over the Raqqa hospital, one of Islamic State s last strongholds in the city, from a line of buildings they occupy to its northwest. Apartment blocks between them and the hospital have been flattened by air strikes. Commanders say the hospital and a nearby stadium, where the jihadists are said to be holding civilian hostages, will be where they make their last stand. Babel s unit are holding the front line ahead of an anticipated final push, firing at militants whenever they can spot them.  The last few nights they ve been shining spotlights from the hospital towards our lines, so we can t really see,  he said. Another fighter in the unit said sniper fire from Islamic State had recently reduced, possibly as a means of conserving ammunition for more intense fighting to come. An SDF field commander said on Sunday assaults were to begin soon as part of a final push against Islamic State, focused initially on surrounding the stadium. The hospital is already encircled.  Daesh is amassing, preparing to fight. This is the last stage, so they ll resist and then surrender or die,  the commander who gave his name as Ardal Raqqa said. U.S. coalition spokesman Ryan Dillon was more cautious about calling the current stage of the offensive a final assault.  Whether this is the final assault or an assault, I won t characterize it either way,  Dillon said by phone. The fight was  concentrated around the complex which was the national hospital and the stadium,  he said.   The SDF predicted ahead of a major push in June that it could take just weeks to drive Islamic State out of Raqqa. That has proven overly optimistic, with the militants holding out for months so far. Their use of civilians for cover, tunnels to launch counter attacks, snipers and countless booby traps have slowed SDF advances.  Many are being wounded, especially by snipers. Daesh snipers often shoot to wound, not to kill, so they can target whoever comes to save an injured comrade,  Babel said. One shaken SDF fighter in a nearby base last week showed cuts on his face from where a sniper bullet had ricocheted. Both the U.S. spokesman Dillon and the SDF fighter Babel said that some Islamic State fighters were surrendering.  The other day a Saudi fighter escaped and handed himself over. The guys who surrender usually have families,  Babel said. Interrogations of surrendering militants revealed IS had dug a tunnel between the hospital and stadium, he said. Dillon said several IS militants and leaders had surrendered in recent weeks.  It is a growing trend,  he said. At the front line, SDF fighters said morale was high. One fighter belted pop music to other units over his walkie talkie.  Hopefully we ll be done soon,  Babel said. ",1
17985,UK's Prince Harry says troops need mental as well as physical fitness combat training,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s Prince Harry said on Monday the mental health of serving soldiers was as important as ensuring they were ready to take part in conflicts. He was speaking as he launched a new partnership between Britain s Ministry of Defence (MoD) and the younger royals  charity. Harry, who spent 10 years in the military, including two tours of Afghanistan, joined forces with Britain s Defence Secretary Michael Fallon to promote a new initiative to offer mental health support to those in the armed forces, their families and veterans.  Crucially, fighting fitness is not just about physical fitness. It is just as much about mental fitness too,  Harry said. The new partnership will see the Royal Foundation, established by Harry, his elder brother Prince William and William s wife Kate to support their chosen charities, provide advice and resources to the MoD to raise awareness of good mental health and improve training, education and information sharing.  Our soldiers, sailors and airmen are the best in the world but we will only maintain that if we are as serious about improving mental health as we are our combat skills and cutting-edge technology,  Fallon said.  Since Harry left the military, he has made campaigning over mental health issues and the fate of veterans two of his priorities. Earlier this year he revealed he himself had come  very close to a breakdown  a number of times following the death of his mother, Diana, when he was 12 years old.  Harry is also the creator and founder of the Invictus Games, a multinational sporting event for wounded, sick or disabled military personnel. ",1
17986,Moldova PM confident of securing EU funding in 2018,"CHISINAU (Reuters) - Moldova s Prime Minister Pavel Filip said on Monday he was confident of meeting all the conditions to get funding next year under a 100-million-euro ($117-million) agreement with the European Union. A reduction in red tape and better fiscal governance had already improved public finances, allowing it to get by without the EU cash this year, he told Reuters. The European Union agreed in June to provide 60 million euros in loans and 40 million euros of grants in 2017-18 to help the former Soviet republic to stabilize its economy and promote reform. One condition for receiving it was respect for democratic process and the rule of law, the EU added.  Moldova this year introduced a new electoral law that the Venice Commission, a pan-European rights body, said could make the system more susceptible to undue influence by vested interests. Last week Filip said Moldova would receive no tranches this year, but he was more upbeat on 2018 in emailed comments to Reuters on Monday.  The EU has a serious partner in Chisinau and we are eager for EU financing in 2018 - we are confident all conditions will be met,  he said.  What is important for us and our citizens is predictability, including on the EU flank. It s important not to see the MFA (macro-financial assistance) captive to political bickering at home or abroad.  Moldova s economy grew 4.1 percent last year, recovering from a contraction of 0.4 percent in 2015 that was due in part to a Russian economic crisis that hit exports and remittances from Moldovans working there. Moldova is hopeful that funding will be available next year,  while in the meantime, we signaled the obvious: that Moldova is in better shape and can settle its accounts for this year,  Filip said.  Europe s poorest country was rocked by a scandal in which the equivalent of an eighth of its gross domestic product was stolen from three of its largest banks between 2012 and 2014. The World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have forecast Moldova will grow 4-4.5 percent this year. ",1
17987,"Brexit talks stutter, but EU leaders might give May break","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union negotiators see no big breakthrough in a new round of Brexit talks from Monday nor when Theresa May attends a summit next week, yet leaders could offer the beleaguered British prime minister a hand, EU officials believe. Talks which began on Monday in Brussels have a thin schedule - British Brexit Secretary David Davis is to meet EU negotiator Michel Barnier on Tuesday and again on Thursday. But Wednesday is blank on the timetable and officials will not touch on the knottiest outstanding problem - how much Britain pays the EU.  That all but rules out  miracles  on key divorce issues that Barnier s boss says are needed for May s 27 fellow EU leaders to agree to open the talks she wants on a post-Brexit free trade pact when they all meet in Brussels next Thursday and Friday. The prime minister revived an increasingly sour dialogue two weeks ago by offering concessions in a speech in Florence. But talks that followed left big gaps on three core issues on which the EU demands  significant progress  before Barnier can so much as mention what happens after Britain leaves in 18 months time. Yet such is the opposition to compromise that May faces within her own party that many EU diplomats think leaders could give her some hope at the summit to help her face down calls for Britain to simply walk out without a deal - an eventuality that the Europeans are nonetheless preparing for.  My guess is the leaders will try to find some positive elements,  one senior diplomat told Reuters, saying May could be offered hope of a  landing zone  for accords to let the next scheduled summit, in mid-December, approve trade talks. This week could see further movement on agreeing rights for expatriate citizens, where the role of EU judges is in dispute.    But few see much movement on the Irish border or on the money. And with May and the EU batting back and forth assertions that the ball is in the other s court, attention is fast turning from this week s meetings to next week s summit.  Not one of over a dozen senior EU officials and diplomats who spoke to Reuters expect the summit to launch talks on future trade, few rule out that May s counterparts may give her some assurance of doing so soon - and even offer some limited exploration of the transition period she has asked for.  She is in a difficult situation, if she goes out there and there is nothing tangible on our side,  a senior EU official said, saying governments wanted to keep up momentum for a deal that would avoid legal chaos across Europe.  We ll try to be neutral, maybe even offer an encouraging line to stay engaged.  Nonetheless, governments are extremely wary of any attempt by British negotiators to divide their solid display of unity and are anxious not to appear to be going soft on May, despite some sympathy for the balancing act she faces. On Friday, envoys from many of the 27 including heavyweights Germany and France opposed suggestions from Barnier that they might start some preliminary discussion of what exactly will happen in the transition period immediately after Brexit.  This situation is not a reason for the Commission to loosen its guidelines,  a senior official from a big EU power said of May s domestic woes.  I believe she really wants a deal but we can t alter our negotiating stance because of that.  Nonetheless, several diplomats said leaders could soften the stance on transition talks by next week. Leaders say they will not negotiate directly with May and want to channel everything through Barnier. But May s powerful peers may find it hard to sit back and watch her fail, provoking further British turmoil.  The leaders want to lead, they want to make history,  said another senior EU diplomat who said the summiteers could break next week from the advice of their own officials.  Who can say that they won t just say,  OK, let s just get on with it ?  ",1
17988,"After bloodshed, Venezuelan government and foes battle for votes","BARINAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Tirelessly traversing the lethargic plains of Venezuela, a brother of former leader Hugo Chavez and an ally of a famous opposition detainee vie for votes. The governorship race in Barinas state   the Chavez family s stronghold - is the most emblematic of state elections taking place nationwide on Sunday just weeks after opposition-led protests that shook Venezuela and claimed at least 125 lives.  At every rally, Hugo Chavez is out front, showing us the way,  enthuses Argenis Chavez, 59, an electrical engineer and incumbent governor, jumping on a bike and evoking his late elder brother at every campaign stop.  In Barinas, defeating the government means defeating the Chavez family who have wielded power at whim for 18 years,  counters opposition rival Freddy Superlano, 41, wearing a shirt with the image of his arrested party leader Leopoldo Lopez. This year s prolonged protests failed to bring down the government of President Nicolas Maduro, but they hardened global opinion against the ruling socialists and led to U.S. sanctions. Now, opposition leaders want their demoralized supporters  to turn out en masse at the gubernatorial polls to overturn Maduro s majority in 20 of Venezuela s 23 states. The government, in turn, wants to minimize seemingly inevitable losses, and trumpet the election as proof against accusations of autocracy in Venezuela.  Look at our  dictatorship  then: an election where most candidates are from the opposition!  Chavez ironically told Reuters, as red-shirted supporters danced around him at a rally. With voters angry over a crushing economic crisis, polls show the opposition coalition would win handily in normal circumstances. One recent survey gave the coalition, which aspires to win 18 governorships, 44.7 percent of voter intentions versus 21.1 percent for the government. Circumstances are far from normal in Venezuela, however, and the government has threatened to ban any candidates linked to violence in protests. Furthermore, as in past elections during the ruling  Chavismo  movement s 18-year grip on Venezuela, state resources are being mobilized heavily for official candidates.  Distribution of subsidized food at government rallies is commonplace, state-run companies lend transport for the events,  and state media give Maduro s candidates unfettered air-time. One opposition candidate s brother has been arrested for  alleged car theft in what the coalition says is an attempt to intimidate its ranks. Perhaps the biggest disadvantage for the opposition is the electronic ballot sheet itself.  Despite primaries to choose a single opposition candidate per state from the plethora of parties within the Democratic Unity coalition, the pro-Maduro election board is declining to modify the ballot list to narrow it down to one name. All initial candidates from before the primaries are listed on the ballot instead, something that could confuse opposition supporters and dilute their vote, benefiting the ruling Socialist Party s candidates. Further stoking opposition supporters  skepticism, the election board is using a new vote machine provider after long-term partner Smartmatic accused it of inflating numbers in July s controversial election of a Constituent Assembly super-body. On a walkabout in an unpaved shantytown on the outskirts of Barinas city, Superlano told Reuters government candidates were using helicopters to campaign while he and other opposition aspirants spent hours on the road to reach remote communities.  The government was also exploiting Venezuelans  hunger, during a period of unprecedented scarcity, by handing out food bags in return for promises of votes, he said.   It s a macabre plan,  said Superlano, a lawmaker from Lopez s Popular Will party who won the opposition primary in Barinas.  Even with all that, they are losing!  Having dealt a hugely symbolic blow to  Chavismo  by winning five of six congress seats for Barinas in 2015 elections, the opposition now wants to end 18 years of nearly unbroken control of the governorship by Chavez family members.  While there is widespread discontent over food shortages, idle land and rising malnutrition in a fertile region that should be Venezuela s bread basket, the government is running a rigorous campaign and painting Superlano as  the candidate of the violence  in reference to this year s protests. Maduro supporters say the opposition, backed by Venezuela s elite and the U.S. government, is intent on taking power by force to seize control of the nation s oil riches.    They want war for Venezuela. We want peace,  said 65-year-old retiree Ramon Alvarran, proudly wearing a red T-shirt depicting the eyes of Hugo Chavez at a rally for his brother.  Elsewhere though, resentment against Maduro is palpable.   My kids don t have a crumb in their stomachs yet today,  said Daris Gonzalez, 36, whose three children had not eaten by lunchtime. Like many in her poor and once staunchly  Chavista  neighborhood, Gonzalez is now leaning toward the opposition.    There has to be change. We cannot go on like this.  Offsetting such sentiment, many young grassroots opposition supporters feel their leaders have sold out - and betrayed the memory of slain protesters - by entering an election on an unfair playing field. Abstentions could hurt their numbers.  Should the opposition triumph on Sunday, the government can limit the impact by restricting funding and taking authority away from the governors  offices, as it has done in the past when offices have fallen to opponents.  Any overt dirty tricks, however, risk bringing more international sanctions or torpedoing an already fragile, foreign-led mediation with the opposition that Maduro needs to improve his international image.   Following the gubernatorial election, the opposition wants to shift attention to demanding a date, and guarantee of free conditions, for the 2018 presidential election to advance their ultimate goal of ending socialist rule.  People are very angry and their anger has a face: Maduro,  said Carlos Ocariz, an opposition candidate trying to hold Miranda state for the opposition against a rising star on the government side, Hector Rodriguez. ",1
17989,"Russia's Putin, eyeing election next year, pledges to prosecute vote violations","MOSCOW (Reuters) - The head of Russia s central election commission urged President Vladimir Putin on Monday to ensure all investigations into  election violations detected in Russia last month were completed, and the Kremlin leader promised to do so. Russia voted in local elections in many regions on Sept. 10 in what was widely seen as a dress rehearsal for next year s presidential vote, with Kremlin-backed candidates for regional parliaments and governorships performing strongly. Putin is the strong favorite to win re-election in March, although he has so far declined to say if he will run. On Sept. 10, Reuters reporters observed the vote at six polling stations. In all six, they found discrepancies, of varying sizes, between the official vote tally and the number of voters the reporters counted.  We have practically tied up many  loose ends  of that campaign, but small  ends  still remain,  Russian media quoted Ella Pamfilova, head of the central election commission, as telling Putin at a meeting in the Kremlin.  I really would like our prosecutor general s office and the investigative committee to bring the matter to completion in a number of cases,  she said, referring to inquiries into local election violations. She did not elaborate.  All orders will be given regarding this issue,  Putin replied.     ",1
17990,Swiss woman abducted in Sudan by criminal gang for ransom: official,"KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudanese authorities believe a criminal gang is responsible for the abduction of a Swiss humanitarian worker who disappeared outside her home in Sudan s troubled Darfur region on Friday. Authorities have intensified the search in and around the city of al-Fashir and believe the gang is looking for a ransom, North Darfur s Deputy Governor Mohamed Birama told Reuters on Monday.  We expect that she will be found very soon,  he said. Switzerland on Sunday called for a rapid and unconditional release of the woman but did not give any other details about her.  Sudan will extend a unilateral ceasefire with rebels until the end of December, state news agency SUNA reported on Sunday, days after the United States lifted 20-year-old sanctions tied to progress on resolving ongoing conflicts. The conflict in Darfur began in 2003 when mainly non-Arab tribes took up arms against Sudan s Arab-led government. ",1
17991,"Kenya police use teargas, shoot in air during opposition march","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan police fired teargas and shots in the air on Monday as hundreds of demonstrators marched through the capital Nairobi to protest against proposed legal changes that would make it harder for the Supreme Court to annul an election. Reuters television footage showed a sport utility vehicle ploughing into some of the protesters, severely injuring three, but it was not immediately clear who was responsible and the police made no immediate comment on the incident.  Kenya is due on Oct. 26 to repeat a presidential election after the Supreme Court nullified an Aug. 8 vote due to procedural irregularities. President Uhuru Kenyatta, who won the August election, will face opposition leader Raila Odinga. Uncertainty over the coming election has created turmoil in the East African nation, which is a regional trade hub and staunch Western ally.  As the demonstrators marched toward the election board in Nairobi, a Reuters journalist saw men in plain clothes near security forces fire shots in the air. Police on horseback set up blockades to prevent protesters from accessing some roads.  Police also used teargas in the western city of Kisumu, Odinga s stronghold, to disperse protesters, though another demonstration in the coastal city of Mombasa passed peacefully. Odinga s opposition alliance is threatening to boycott the October vote unless the electoral board changes some personnel - a stance he declined on Monday to clarify, in comments that suggested he was keeping his options open for now.  This is a democratic society we live in. If I choose not to participate in the pre-rigged election process, it is my democratic right. No court can order me to do so,  Odinga said in comments broadcast on Kenyan TV stations, without elaborating further. The protesters want to warn ruling party lawmakers not to pass an amendment to the election law that would limit the circumstances in which the Supreme Court could void an election on procedural grounds, opposition lawmaker James Orengo said.   If parliament passes the law tomorrow, it will be like declaring war on the Kenyan people,  he said.  Justin Muturi, speaker of the National Assembly, said the amendment could be debated when parliament reconvenes on Tuesday if lawmakers were keen to push it forward.  He said the key part of the proposed law stipulates that if a candidate boycotts an election whose date has already been set, the remaining candidate would win the contest without formal polls being held. The government is keen to avoid a constitutional crisis if Odinga pulls out at the last minute, frustrating the court s order to hold elections within 60 days, Muturi said.   We are trying to prevent a crisis should there be no elections,  he told Reuters by phone.  The government-backed Kenya National Commission on Human Rights said on Monday in a report that at least 37 people had been killed in a police crackdown on protests that immediately followed the August vote - the highest death toll given so far. The report attributed some deaths to  police using live bullets and a few from police bludgeoning using clubs . It named a 6-month-old baby girl, a 7-year-old boy, and an 8-year-old girl as being among the victims. ",1
17992,"Srebrenica's Muslim defender cleared of crimes, Serbs protest","SARAJEVO (Reuters) - Naser Oric, the Bosnian Muslim commander who led the defense of Srebrenica during the 1992-95 war, was cleared of war crimes against Serbs on Monday, a ruling greeted by both celebration and condemnation in the divided state. Bosnian Muslims, who largely see Oric as a hero, broke into applause as he and a fellow soldier left the courtroom free men. Cheering crowds massed around them outside.  Families of Bosnian Serbs killed in the war, who see Oric and his troops as criminals, walked out of the hearing in the Bosnian capital Sarajevo in protest.  This is horrific, this is a scandal. Everybody expected that he will be punished. Is this a justice? I am speechless,  said Radojka Filipovic from Bratunac, near Srebrenica. She said Oric s forces killed at least six of her relatives. Milorad Dodik, the president of Bosnia s autonomous Serb Republic, called on Serb lawyers to withdraw from the shared national legal system. The justice minister of neighboring Serbia, Nela Kuburovic, called the ruling  shameful . The case went to the heart of fractured Bosnia, haunted by ethnic divides and long-running grievances that have blocked its progress to joining the European Union and NATO. Bosnia was hit by a devastating war in the 1990s after the Bosnian Serbs, helped by Serbia, tried to carve out a separate statelet following the break up of Yugoslavia. Bosnian Serbs have accused Oric and his men of killing about 3,000 of their people in the Srebrenica area during the conflict.  Bosnian Muslims, or Bosniaks, hailed his role in defending Srebrenica, where Bosnian Serb forces later killed more than 8,000 Muslim men and boys - widely seen as Europe s worst atrocity since World War Two. After the war, the country was divided into two autonomous regions, the Serb Republic and the Bosniak-Croat Federation, linked via a weak central government.  Serbs cannot accept this and this proves this country and its judiciary should not exist,  Serb Republic President Dodik said in the town of Banja Luka after the verdict.  I call on all Serbs in the court and prosecution to pull out from these institutions.   Dodik has long disputed the authority of the national legal system, which he says was established on the order of Bosnia s Western peace envoys, and has repeatedly threatened to secede if his region s autonomy is undermined.     Dodik said the verdict would likely  revive the idea of holding a referendum on the state court  - the last attempt to hold a referendum on the status of the state court, in 2015, was halted amid Western warnings. Bosnia s three-man presidency chairman Dragan Covic, a Bosnian Croat, said negative rhetoric over the case could be a setback for Bosnia s progress. Oric was acquitted of war crimes against Serbs by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) in 2008, but was arrested again in June 2015 in Switzerland on a warrant from Serbia accusing him of killing three Bosnian Serb prisoners of war early in the conflict.  It was only just to acquit Oric of war crimes charges,  Hatidza Mehmedovic, a Bosnian Muslim who lost her husband and two sons in the Srebrenica massacre, told the Fena news agency.  It was a great injustice to drag him in courts from The Hague to here.  Oric did not speak to reporters outside the court. Dozens of Bosnian Serbs, including senior political and military leaders, have been sentenced by the ICTY and a Bosnian war crimes court over the Srebrenica massacre, which was declared genocide by two international courts. Millions of people were displaced and more than 100,000 died in the war. ",1
17993,"Fatah, Hamas to discuss security in Gaza under unity deal","GAZA/RAMALLAH (Reuters) - Negotiators from rival Palestinian factions Fatah and Islamist group Hamas will discuss security in the Gaza Strip at unity talks in Cairo on Tuesday, including a proposal that would see Fatah security personnel deployed to Hamas-dominated territory. The plan for 3,000 Fatah security officers to join a Gaza police force over the course of a year, part of a unity deal mediated by Egypt in 2011, would restore much of the influence of Fatah leader President Mahmoud Abbas in Gaza and further loosen Hamas  grip. The deal was never implemented. The Western-backed mainstream Fatah party lost control of the enclave to Hamas, considered a terrorist group by the West and Israel, in fighting in 2007. The loss damaged Abbas  credibility in the eyes of the West and Israel, after years of being their main Palestinian diplomatic counterpart. But under Egypt s mediation, major steps have been made toward narrowing rifts since Hamas handed administrative powers in Gaza to a Fatah-backed government last month. The move was a major reversal for Hamas and was partially prompted by the group s fears of potential financial and political isolation after its main donor Qatar suffered a major diplomatic crisis with key allies.  The sides will discuss the security issue, especially in Gaza, in the way that serves the home front, enforces the rule of law in a professional and national way and is not factional,  said Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhoum. Under the deal, Hamas would still have the most powerful armed Palestinian faction, whose estimated 25,000 well-equipped fighters have fought three wars with Israel since 2008.  The issue of arms of resistance is not up for discussion,  Hamas official Sami Abu Zuhri told Reuters. Israel s enmity with Hamas means greater unity with Fatah is unlikely to help any future efforts for a peace deal with Israel. But both sides hope that the deal s proposed deployment of security personnel from the Fatah-led Palestinian Authority to Gaza s borders will encourage Egypt and Israel to ease their tight restrictions at border crossings, a badly needed step to help Gaza revive its economy and improve the living standards of its two million residents.  Officials said that apart from the implementation of the 2011 agreement and security, the Cairo talks would also cover issues such as setting a date for presidential and legislative elections and reforming the Palestine Liberation Organization, which is in charge of long-stalled peace efforts with Israel.  What happened in the past days is something like a declaration of principles while the two sides have postponed final status issues to the talks in Cairo,  said Gaza political analyst Akram Attallah. Abbas has pledged there would be  one authority, one law, one administration, one weapon  in the Gaza Strip, a statement seeming to challenge Hamas  continued security dominance. But Tayseer Nasrallah, a member of the Fatah Revolutionary Council, told Reuters:  There are difficult challenges and it will take time to overcome them. Outstanding issues include the fate of 40,000 to 50,000 employees hired by Hamas over the past 10 years and its demand Abbas lift economic sanctions he imposed in recent months to try to pressure the group to compromise. (This refiled version of the story inserts dropped words in paragraph eight). ",1
17994,Segregation fans fears of fresh 'cleansing' in Myanmar's Rakhine,"MYEBON, Myanmar (Reuters) - Buddhist villagers in relatively peaceful parts of Myanmar s Rakhine state are enforcing a system of local apartheid that punishes people trading with minority Muslims, fuelling fears that violence in the far northwest could spread to new areas. Ethnic Rakhines, who form the majority in central parts of the state, have set up committees in several districts that have meted out sanctions ranging from fines to public beatings and expulsions. They say the measures are necessary to protect their communities from Rohingya Muslim militants. Muslim residents say they are being cut off from essential supplies and accuse authorities of turning a blind eye. Aid workers fear thousands will attempt to escape via perilous sea routes to Thailand and Malaysia when the monsoon rains abate. About 250,000 Muslims live in central Rakhine, an area not directly affected by a military offensive against Rohingya militants who attacked security forces in the northern part of the state in late August. The army operation has forced more than half a million people to flee to Bangladesh, in what the United Nations has denounced as ethnic cleansing.  In the current situation, it s not possible for different communities to live together,  said Ashin Saromani, a Buddhist monk in the central Rakhine town of Myebon, where one such committee was set up at a meeting in a monastery four days after the Aug. 25 militant attacks in the north.  The government can t reconcile them. That s why we prohibited communication with the Muslims, to prevent conflict.  Rakhine state government spokesman Min Aung said he was not aware of efforts to punish Buddhists who had contact with Muslims. He said he thought tensions could best be eased by interfaith community groups.  Other states and regions have interfaith groups working for peace. In Rakhine there s no group like that,  he said.  Tension between ethnic Rakhines and Muslims have simmered for years. Nearly 200 people were killed and 140,000 displaced in communal violence in the state in 2012. U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres has warned that the violence seen in the north of the state could easily spread.  The failure to address this systematic violence could result in a spillover into central Rakhine, where an additional 250,000 Muslims could potentially face displacement,  said Guterres in a recent speech.  They are outnumbered by Rakhine communities, some of whom have engaged in violent acts of vigilantism against their Muslim neighbors.  In Myebon, about 3,000 Muslims have been confined to a camp for displaced people since the 2012 violence, surrounded by tens of thousands of hostile Rakhine Buddhists. They have relied on aid from international agencies and fishing, supplemented by a small amount of trade in the town. Since late August, loudspeakers mounted on tricycle rickshaws have rolled around the town, blaring messages from local monks and Rakhine community leaders exhorting Buddhists to avoid contact with Muslims. One Rakhine woman who ignored the warnings, 35-year-old Soe Chay, told Reuters she was surrounded by a mob on Sept. 12 after buying goods at a market to sell to Muslims. They beat her, cut her hair and marched through the town with a sign reading  national traitor  hung around her neck. Kyaw Swar Tun, deputy director of the Rakhine General Administration Department (GAD) that overseas the local bureaucracy, said the case was an  individual problem  that was already being dealt with by the courts. Two women and a man have been charged with assault on Soe Chay. The two women were members of the Arakan Women s Network in Myebon, which denied taking part in the attack.  People got angry because they don t have a nationalist spirit, even though they know that 30 police stations were attacked and locals from Maungdaw were beheaded,  said Khin Thein, leader of the network in the town, describing the incident. He was referring to the Aug. 25 attacks, which concentrated in northern Rakhine s Maungdaw township. Buddhist community leaders in Myebon have also blocked international aid agencies from reaching the camp, saying only the government can deliver aid, which must be checked by Buddhists.   We are concerned that if we don t check that boat of the NGOs communicating directly with the Bengalis, they might include weapons together with the aid,  said Ashin Saromani. Bengali is a derogatory term for the Rohingya implying they are interlopers from Bangladesh. Similar community-enforced restrictions on aid have been in place elsewhere in Rakhine, according to aid workers. Anti-Muslim sentiment has been bubbling up elsewhere in mostly Buddhist Myanmar since the conflict erupted in Rakhine. Police had to disperse a mob that attacked Muslim homes and businesses in the central Magwe division on Sept. 10. In Kayin state in the east, Muslims were told last month they must get special permission from authorities before traveling outside of their villages, because of security concerns.  Closer to the conflict zone, Muslim villagers in Rathedaung township say they have been directly pressured to leave by their Rakhine neighbors.  In Ku Taung village, near the besieged Muslim villages, a group of 46 Rakhine Buddhist elders has formed a  disciplinary committee .  They have fined Buddhists as much as 500,000 kyat ($370) for infractions including selling betel leaves to Muslims, according to farmer Tun Thar Sein. Some Rakhine villages have set up security teams to protect against the spread of militancy. In Mrauk-U and Minbya, an area that saw several unexplained explosions last month, residents  said Muslims were no longer allowed into Rakhine villages. Kyaw Swar Tun, the local administrator, said authorities would deal with any cases brought to them according to the law, but was not aware of any such problems in central Rakhine. Back in the Myebon camp for displaced people, Muslims say they will have to move away.  It s not possible for us to go back and stay together in Myebon because the Rakhine who destroyed our homes will be afraid to face us. said Cho Cho, a Muslim resident.  They fear that Muslims will take revenge.  ",1
17995,Kremlin says S-400 missile talks with Saudi Arabia on track,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Monday that talks with Saudi Arabia over Moscow supplying Riyadh with advanced S-400 air defense missile systems had gone well so far despite talk of a possible U.S.-Saudi arms deal. Russian President Vladimir Putin hosted Saudi Arabia s King Salman for talks at the Kremlin last week during which Saudi Arabia said it had signed a memorandum of understanding on the purchase of the S-400s. A day later, the Pentagon said the U.S. State Department had approved the possible sale of a THAAD anti-missile defense system to Saudi Arabia at an estimated cost of $15 billion. When asked whether a possible U.S. deal with Riyadh might affect the Russian arrangement, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov, on a conference call with reporters, said talks had been progressing well.  We can speak only for ourselves,  said Peskov.  (But)contacts to implement this contract have been very positive and have had very good preliminary results.  Maria Vorobyova, an official at a Russian government agency dealing with military and technical cooperation, was cited earlier on Monday as saying that a firm agreement had been reached with Saudi Arabia on the S-400s.  An agreement has been reached with the kingdom of Saudi Arabia to deliver the S-400 air defense system, anti-tank Kornet-EM rocket systems, TOS-1A (multiple rocket launcher) systems, AGS-30 automated grenade launchers, and Kalashnikov AK-103 assault rifles,  the RIA news agency cited her as saying.  Russia also signed a contract last week for Saudi to produce the AK-103 rifles under license along with ammunition. Saudi Arabia is a longstanding U.S. ally in the Middle East and its arms deals with Moscow have caused disquiet in Washington.  When asked about fears that Saudi Arabia could use the  S-400 system against Iran, a Russian ally, Peskov said Moscow s decision to offer the missiles to Riyadh was not aimed at any third party.  Military technical cooperation between Moscow and Riyadh is absolutely self-contained and does not target third countries in this region or other regions of the world,  said Peskov.  Therefore we are confident that this cooperation should not be a worry for anyone.  ",1
17996,"Tunisian migrant, navy boats collide; eight bodies found","TUNIS/ROME (Reuters) - At least eight people drowned on Monday when a boat carrying dozens of mostly Tunisian migrants collided with a navy vessel off the country s southeast coast, its defense ministry said. According to testimony from survivors, there were between 70 and 80 people on board, International Organization for Migration (IOM) spokesman Flavio Di Giacomo said. He said at least 20 people were missing and some 40, almost all Tunisians, had been rescued. The ministry said eight bodies had been recovered after the collision with the Tunisian navy boat, which occurred 54km (33 miles) off the coast. Italian news agency ANSA said the migrant vessel had sunk. Libya has long been the busiest country of departure for a steady flow of migrants trying to reach the European Union from North Africa.  But activity on that route has declined since July as Libya s coast guard and an armed group in the smuggling hub of Sabratha tightened controls. Meanwhile departures from Tunisia have picked up, many in wooden boats that have started landing on secluded Sicilian beaches, often in broad daylight. A rescue mission after Monday s collision was being coordinated by the Maltese coast guard, an Italian coast guard spokesman said. Two Italian coast guard ships, a finance police boat and a navy ship had been sent to assist, he said. A Maltese plane was en route to the scene, a Maltese army spokesman said. ",1
17997,Kremlin says in touch with France over possible Macron visit to Russia,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Monday that it was in touch with the French government over a possible visit to Russia next year by President Emmanuel Macron, but that nothing had yet been confirmed.  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov, on a conference call with reporters, was responding to a report in the Kommersant daily newspaper which said that Paris was ready to accept an invitation for Macron to visit the St Petersburg International Economic Forum in May.  The participation of the French side (in the forum) is in Moscow s interests,  said Peskov.  As you know, France is a very important partner of the Russian Federation.  Peskov said that Putin s first meeting with Macron, at the Palace of Versailles in May this year, had been characterized by  a very positive momentum.   Proceeding from this, we of course would be glad to see  French businesses at the St Petersburg forum ... And there are contacts regarding high-level participation, but I wouldn t run ahead of myself for now.  ",1
17998,Turkish military says has begun reconnaissance in Syria's Idlib,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish armed forces began reconnaissance activities in Syria s Idlib province on Sunday, the military confirmed on Monday, before an expected military operation in the bitterly contested Syrian northwest. It said the move involved establishing observation points and that the military was conducting its duties in line with the rules of engagement agreed in the Astana process, referring to an agreement reached last month in the Kazakhstan capital. Turkey says it will provide assistance to rebels it has long backed, aiming to implement a de-escalation agreement designed to reduce fighting with pro-government forces in the area, the most populous pocket of Syria still in rebel hands. ",1
17999,Spain's Socialist leader says would back government on Catalonia,"MADRID (Reuters) - The leader of Spain s Socialists, the main opposition to Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy s conservative People s Party (PP), said on Monday the party would back government action if Catalonia makes a unilateral declaration of independence on Tuesday.  We ll support the response of the rule of law in the face of any attempt to break social harmony,  Pedro Sanchez said during a conference in Barcelona.  ",1
18000,Philippines says policy trumps popularity after Duterte ratings dip,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte s honeymoon period may be over, but his deadly anti-drugs campaign will not wane, his office said on Monday, after a fall in ratings that his opponents said showed public disillusionment with his rule. Duterte has enjoyed strong opinion poll numbers since winning the presidency in last year s elections but heavy scrutiny of his war on drugs, which has killed thousands of Filipinos, appears to have impacted his ratings. Trust and satisfaction in Duterte fell to the lowest of his presidency in the third quarter of this year, a survey showed on Sunday, although sentiment about his leadership remained positive overall.  The honeymoon period of the president is usually for a year, so this is expected,  Duterte s communications secretary, Martin Andanar, said in a radio interview, adding it should motivate the government to deliver on its overall objectives.  The Social Weather Stations survey was conducted between September 23-27, two days after thousands of Filipinos rallied to denounce Duterte s drugs war and his authoritarian leadership style. The high death toll has stoked international alarm, although domestic polls have shown Filipinos are largely supportive of his tough measures to fight crime and drugs. Police say they have killed 3,900 drug suspects during their anti-narcotics operations and deny executions have taken place, as human rights groups have alleged. But the campaign has been under the microscope of late, due largely to the high-profile killing by police of a 17-year-old student on Aug. 16, which led to a senate probe. A murder investigation is under way.  Police said he was a drug suspect killed because he opened fire on them while resisting arrest, but security camera footage showed him in police custody. His family insists he was executed. Staunch critics of Duterte were quick to take advantage of a survey slump they said reflected public discontent and scepticism about his drugs war.    It s very encouraging to know that the Filipino people are beginning to see the light,  said Senator Antonio Trillanes, a fierce opponent who has recently accused Duterte of concealing assets when he was Davao City mayor.   They are now seeing Duterte for who he really is: a lying, rude, amoral, corrupt and oppressive former mayor who is totally incompetent about governance at the national level.  Presidential spokesman Ernesto Abella also said the honeymoon was over, but Duterte was not motivated by popularity ratings and was  bent on making sure that he addresses the three campaign themes which is crime, corruption and illegal drugs . Duterte s office frequently cites polls, including SWS, as a sign of his public support. Peace and order are also one of the cornerstones of the 72-year-old leader s economic agenda, which aims to lift the country s growth to 7-8 percent during his six-year term.    Senator Risa Hontiveros said the ratings dip showed Duterte s  authoritarian style of governance is losing its appeal and support .  The writing on the wall is simple and clear: President Duterte cannot govern based on fear, lies and killings,  Hontiveros said in a statement. ",1
18001,"Kenya police use teargas, shoot in air during opposition march","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan police fired teargas and shots in the air on Monday as hundreds of demonstrators marched through the capital Nairobi to protest against proposed legal changes that would make it harder for the Supreme Court to annul an election. Reuters television footage showed a sport utility vehicle ploughing into some of the protesters, severely injuring three, but it was not immediately clear who was responsible and the police made no immediate comment on the incident.  Kenya is due on Oct. 26 to repeat a presidential election after the Supreme Court nullified an Aug. 8 vote due to procedural irregularities. President Uhuru Kenyatta, who won the August election, will face opposition leader Raila Odinga. Uncertainty over the coming election has created turmoil in the East African nation, which is a regional trade hub and staunch Western ally.  As the demonstrators marched toward the election board in Nairobi, a Reuters journalist saw men in plain clothes near security forces fire shots in the air. Police on horseback set up blockades to prevent protesters from accessing some roads.  Police also used teargas in the western city of Kisumu, Odinga s stronghold, to disperse protesters, though another demonstration in the coastal city of Mombasa passed peacefully. Odinga s opposition alliance is threatening to boycott the October vote unless the electoral board changes some personnel - a stance he declined on Monday to clarify, in comments that suggested he was keeping his options open for now.  This is a democratic society we live in. If I choose not to participate in the pre-rigged election process, it is my democratic right. No court can order me to do so,  Odinga said in comments broadcast on Kenyan TV stations, without elaborating further. The protesters want to warn ruling party lawmakers not to pass an amendment to the election law that would limit the circumstances in which the Supreme Court could void an election on procedural grounds, opposition lawmaker James Orengo said.   If parliament passes the law tomorrow, it will be like declaring war on the Kenyan people,  he said.  Justin Muturi, speaker of the National Assembly, said the amendment could be debated when parliament reconvenes on Tuesday if lawmakers were keen to push it forward.  He said the key part of the proposed law stipulates that if a candidate boycotts an election whose date has already been set, the remaining candidate would win the contest without formal polls being held. The government is keen to avoid a constitutional crisis if Odinga pulls out at the last minute, frustrating the court s order to hold elections within 60 days, Muturi said.   We are trying to prevent a crisis should there be no elections,  he told Reuters by phone.  The government-backed Kenya National Commission on Human Rights said on Monday in a report that at least 37 people had been killed in a police crackdown on protests that immediately followed the August vote - the highest death toll given so far. The report attributed some deaths to  police using live bullets and a few from police bludgeoning using clubs . It named a 6-month-old baby girl, a 7-year-old boy, and an 8-year-old girl as being among the victims. ",1
18002,Merkel tells Rajoy of support for unity of Spain,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel spoke to Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy on Saturday to discuss the Catalan crisis and stressed her support for the unity of Spain while encouraging more dialogue, her spokesman said on Monday. Merkel also discussed the Catalan situation with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker on Saturday.  She spoke with both about the current situation in Spain and, in the talks with Prime Minister Rajoy in particular, she affirmed her support for the unity of Spain,  the German government spokesman told a regular news conference. Merkel also discussed ways to strengthen internal dialogue within Spain as far as the constitution allows, he said. Concern is mounting in Europe over a possible declaration of independence by the Catalan regional parliament and the reaction of the Spanish government, which could exacerbate what is already Spain s worst political crisis for decades. Merkel will host European Council President Donald Tusk for informal talks in Berlin on Wednesday, her spokesman said, but declined to speculate whether they would discuss the Catalan crisis. ",1
18003,Merkel says to begin three-way German coalition talks next week,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel said her conservative bloc would begin exploratory talks next week on forming a three-way German coalition government with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the environmentalist Greens. Merkel s Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and their Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union (CSU), would hold talks with the FDP and Greens separately next Wednesday, she said.  Then on Friday, October 20th we will have a first round of exploratory talks with all partners,  Merkel told a joint news conference with CSU leader Horst Seehofer on Monday. Merkel s CDU appeared to make a concession to the CSU on Sunday by agreeing to put a number on how many people Germany would accept per year on humanitarian grounds. Merkel said she was pleased with the compromise, which was  a very, very good basis to go into exploratory talks . ",1
18004,Catalonia's High Court asks Spanish police to provide security in case of independence,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Catalonia s High Court has asked for Spanish national police to provide extra security at the court building in case the Catalan parliament goes ahead with a unilateral declaration of independence, the court said on Monday. The decision to ask for Spanish national police to supplement Catalan police guarding the building was taken in order to increase the security of the building and to  guarantee its full and normal operation  in the event of a Catalan declaration of independence from Spain, the court said in a statement. ",1
18005,"International Red Cross to ""drastically"" cut Afghan operations after attacks","KABUL (Reuters) - The International Committee of the Red Cross will  drastically  cut back its operations in Afghanistan following attacks that have killed seven of its staff this year, the aid group said on Monday. The announcement underlines the deteriorating security for aid groups in Afghanistan, where the ICRC has been operating for more than 30 years and has been running its fourth biggest humanitarian program.  Exposure to risk has become our greatest challenge and concern,  Monica Zanarelli, head of the ICRC in Afghanistan, told a news conference in the capital, Kabul.  We have no choice but to drastically reduce our presence in Afghanistan,  she said, adding that the decision would particularly affect operations in the north, where facilities in Kunduz, Faryab, and Balkh provinces would be closed or downsized. Red Cross officials said the assessments are ongoing and could not say how many of its 1,800 staff would be affected. The Red Cross had already warned of the threat to its operations following a series of attacks over the past year. In February, the organization put all of its operations on hold after six of its staff were killed in an attack on an aid convoy in the far north. Operations gradually resumed over the summer, but last month, a Spanish Red Cross physiotherapist working in the northern city of Mazar-i-Sharif was shot dead by one of her patients. In addition, four of its staff have been abducted over the past year. The spreading conflict has combined with an increase in criminality, making for more  blurred lines  between the various armed groups which complicate efforts to safely provide aid, Zanarelli said.  I would say there are more gray areas than there were in the past, and this is certainly what is affecting our capacity to assess our security,  she said. According to U.S. military estimates, the government controls no more than 60 percent of the country, with the rest either controlled or contested by the Taliban and other insurgent groups. ",1
18006,British spy boss says cyber security as important as fighting terrorism,"LONDON (Reuters) - Protecting Britain from cyber crime is as important as defending it against terrorism, the head of Britain s GCHQ spy agency said  on Monday. Britain has suffered a number of high-profile cyber attacks this year, including one in May on the state-run National Health Service which crippled some computer systems and caused huge disruption, and another on parliament in June. Writing in the Daily Telegraph newspaper, Jeremy Fleming,  said the speed of technological advances, whilst providing great opportunities for businesses, individuals and countries, was also giving enemies new means to threaten the nation s security.  If GCHQ is to continue to help keep the country safe, then protecting the digital homeland   keeping our citizens safe and free online   must become and remain as much part of our mission as our global intelligence reach and our round-the-clock efforts against terrorism.  The National Cyber Security Centre, which is part of GCHQ, said last week it had dealt with almost 600 significant incidents which required a nationwide, coordinated response.   In July, Fleming s predecessor at GCHQ, Robert Hannigan, said Russia was causing cyberspace mayhem and should face retaliation if it continued to undermine democratic institutions in the West. Fleming said that Britons benefited greatly from the ease and speed of connections and from the security provided by default encryption.  Hostile states, terrorists and criminals use those same features... to undermine our national security, attack our interests and, increasingly, commit crime,  he said. Traditionally Britain s security chiefs rarely spoke in public but increasingly the head of the three intelligence agencies   GCHQ, MI5 and MI6   have become more open in explaining their work and countering criticism. ",1
18007,Brother of Marseille attacker arrested in Italy: police,"ROME (Reuters) - (This October 8 story has been refiled to correct names of Marseille attacker and his brother, which had been switched in previous story.) Italian police said on Sunday they had arrested the brother of Ahmed Hannachi, the Tunisian man who killed two young women with a knife outside the Marseille train station a week ago in a suspected terrorist act. An Italian anti-terrorism squad arrested 25-year-old Anis Hannachi in Ferrara, Italy, on Saturday evening on an international warrant issued by France, a police statement said.   On Oct. 1, Ahmed Hannachi shouted  Allahu Akbar  (God is greatest) as he killed the women, French police sources said.  Ahmed Hannachi was shot dead by a French soldier. The militant Islamic State group claimed responsibility for the attack, but did not name the assailant.  After what Italian police described as a  very complex  investigation, Anis Hannachi was tracked down in Italy, the statement said, and is being held on suspicion of complicity in his brother s attack and membership in a terrorist group. No other information was provided about the operation, which was coordinated with French judicial and anti-terrorism authorities, the statement said. ",1
18008,Nigerian VP Osinbajo says running for presidency not 'on the cards',"LONDON (Reuters) - Nigeria s Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, who has served as acting president for much of this year, said on Monday he had not given any thought to contesting the country s next presidential election in 2019. Nigeria has faced heightened uncertainty over whether President Muhammadu Buhari plans to contest the next election. Buhari, 74, took power in 2015 but has been absent for much of this year due to illness.  Osinbajo, a 60-year-old law professor, served as acting president during Buhari s absences, succeeding in calming tensions in the oil-producing Delta region and pushing small steps to improve the business climate, including foreign currency reforms. Some business leaders say he could provide stability by running for president himself in Feb 2019. Asked at the FT Africa Summit in London if he had considered running, Osinbajo said he hadn t thought about it, adding:  None of that is on the cards . Osinbajo also said that militants in the oil-producing Niger Delta region no longer posed a significant threat to oil production.  He said Nigeria had lost as much as 1 million barrels per day (bpd) of oil production last year amid militant attacks on oil and gas infrastructure, which is concentrated in the southern Delta region. It was now pumping roughly 1.85 million bpd and climbing toward 2 million bpd. That is closer to its top production of around 2.2 million bpd.   Still, he added that Nigeria needed to diversify its oil-dependent economy and take advantage of the resource while it was still in high demand.   We don t have all the time in the world with oil,  he said.  We have to use oil while it makes sense to do so.  ",1
18009,"Turkey urges U.S. to review visa suspension as lira, stocks tumble","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey urged the United States on Monday to review its suspension of visa services after the arrest of a U.S. consulate employee sharply escalated tension between the two NATO allies and drove Turkey s currency and stocks lower. Relations between Ankara and Washington have been plagued by disputes over U.S. support for Kurdish fighters in Syria, Turkey s calls for the extradition of a U.S.-based cleric and the indictment of a Turkish former minister in a U.S. court. But last week s arrest of a Turkish employee of the U.S. consulate in Istanbul marked a fresh low. Turkey said the employee had links to U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen, blamed by Ankara for a failed military coup in July 2016. Gulen denies any connection with the coup. The U.S. embassy in Ankara condemned Ankara s charges as baseless and announced on Sunday night it was halting all non-immigrant visa services in Turkey while it reassessed Turkey s commitment to the security of its missions and staff. Within hours, Ankara announced it was taking the same measures against U.S. citizens seeking visas for Turkey. The U.S. ambassador said the duration of the visa services  suspension would depend on talks between the two governments about the reasons for the detention of local staff in Turkey. In a written statement late on Monday, Ambassador John Bass said the length of the suspension would also depend on  the Turkish government s commitment to protecting our facilities and personnel here in Turkey . He noted that the move was not a visa ban on Turkish citizens, that valid visas could still be used and visa applications could be made outside of Turkey. The U.S. Embassy had been unable to learn the reasons for the arrest of its Turkish staff member last week or what evidence exists against the employee, Bass said, adding that he had not been allowed sufficient access to the employee s lawyer. Justice Minister Abdulhamit Gul said that if Washington had serious security concerns about its missions in Turkey, steps would be taken to address them.  But if it s an issue regarding the arrest of the consulate employee, then this is a decision the Turkish judiciary has made,  Gul told A Haber television.  Trying a Turkish citizen for a crime committed in Turkey is our right.  The Turkish foreign ministry summoned a U.S. diplomat to urge the United States to lift the visa services suspension, saying it was causing  unnecessary tensions , and President Tayyip Erdogan also criticized the U.S. move.  For the (U.S.) embassy in Ankara to take such a decision and implement it, it is upsetting,  Erdogan told a news conference during a visit to Ukraine. State-run Anadolu news agency said another U.S. consulate worker had been summoned to testify over his wife and daughter s suspected links to Gulen - which it said had emerged during the questioning of Metin Topuz, the employee arrested last week. The diplomatic spat spooked investors. The lira dropped 3.4 percent and stood at 3.7385 against the dollar after being quoted overnight as touching a level of 3.9223. The main BIST 100 stock index fell as much as 4.7 percent, closing the day down 2.73 percent at 101,298 points. Airline shares were particularly hard hit, with flag carrier Turkish Airlines falling 9 percent. The central bank said it was following developments closely.  This looks like a really serious situation,  said Blue Bay Asset Management strategist Timothy Ash. He added that the central bank would need to move quickly to calm market nerves and possibly hike interest rates - something Erdogan has resisted. Turkey s leading business association, TUSIAD, warned that the dispute would harm bilateral economic, social and cultural ties, and called for disagreements to be settled calmly. The row with the United States coincides with deep strains in Turkey s relations with Germany, another key ally, and with Turkish military activity at the Syrian and Iraqi borders, though their market impact has so far been limited. U.S.-Turkish tensions have risen in recent months over U.S. military support for Kurdish YPG fighters in Syria, considered by Ankara to be an extension of the banned PKK which has waged an insurgency for three decades in southeast Turkey. Turkey has also pressed, so far in vain, for the United States to extradite Gulen, viewed in Ankara as the mastermind behind the failed coup in which more than 240 people were killed.  Friction with the United States has also arisen from the indictment last month by a U.S. court of Turkey s former economy minister Zafer Caglayan on charges of conspiring to violate U.S. sanctions on Iran. Sinan Ulgen, an analyst and former Turkish diplomat, said those underlying disputes had created a crisis of confidence which made this latest fall-out particularly bitter.  This harshness is a result of a build-up,  he said.  We should not consider this as solely a reaction to the detentions of consulate employees . ",1
18010,Hundreds of protesters march to Kenyan election board HQ,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Men in plain clothes fired shots in the air as hundreds of opposition supporters marched through the Kenya s capital to its election board headquarters on Monday, a Reuters witness said. The demonstrators were demanding reforms ahead of a presidential election scheduled for Oct. 26.  Senator James Orengo from the opposition alliance said they also wanted to warn ruling party lawmakers not to pass a proposed amendment to the election laws that would limit circumstances in which the Supreme Court could nullify an election.  ",1
18011,China says hopes Iran nuclear deal stays intact amid Trump criticism,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Monday it hopes the Iran nuclear deal will stay intact, playing an important role in keeping the peace, after a senior U.S. official said President Donald Trump is expected to decertify the agreement. The official, speaking last week on condition of anonymity, said Trump was also expected to roll out a broader U.S. strategy on Iran that would be more confrontational. The Trump administration has frequently criticized Iran s conduct in the Middle East. Trump, who has called the pact an  embarrassment  and  the worst deal ever negotiated , has been weighing whether it serves U.S. security interests as he faces an Oct. 15 deadline for certifying that Iran is complying with its terms. Speaking in Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said the Iran nuclear deal was a good example of how to solve something peacefully through talks.  The agreement had played a positive and important role in ensuring nuclear non-proliferation and protecting peace and stability in the Middle East, she added.   We hope that the comprehensive Iran nuclear agreement can continue to be earnestly implemented,  Hua told a daily news briefing. Iranian authorities have repeatedly said Tehran would not be the first to violate the accord, under which Iran agreed to restrict its nuclear program in return for the lifting of most international sanctions that had crippled its economy. If Trump declines to certify Iran s compliance, U.S. congressional leaders would have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions on Tehran suspended under the agreement. The prospect that Washington could renege on the pact, which was signed by the United States, Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China, the European Union and Iran, has worried some U.S. allies. China has close economic and diplomatic ties with Tehran, and was also instrumental in pushing through the landmark 2015 deal. ",1
18012,"Thai air safety upgrade opens up growing China, Korea, Japan markets","BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thai airlines can now add flights to the growing China, South Korea and Japan markets after the U.N. International Civil Aviation Organization removed a red flag against Thailand over safety concerns, officials said on Monday. Thailand was downgraded in June 2015 after its regulator missed a deadline to resolve significant safety concerns, meaning that airlines were unable to add further international routes, though they could continue to operate routine flights. The Civil Aviation Authority of Thailand (CAAT) said the ICAO had made the decision after a meeting on Friday. The Montreal-based U.N. agency was not immediately available for comment, but the red flag which appeared against Thailand on its website had disappeared.  Although lifting the red flag is a significant turning point for her aviation industry, Thailand as well as CAAT need to carry on their missions to improve the aviation safety standards,  the CAAT said on its website.   Shares in Thai Airways climbed nearly 8 percent on the news before falling back to trade at over 5 percent higher. Shares in Asia Aviation, which operates as Thai Air Asia, rose as much as 5 percent and later traded up nearly 4 percent. Shares in airport operator Airports of Thailand rose over 2 percent.  The biggest beneficiaries would be smaller carriers, such as Thai AirAsia X, NokScoot and Thai Lion, said Corrine Png, the CEO of Singapore-based transport research firm Crucial Perspective.  The ICAO downgrade had seriously impeded these new entrants  growth to lucrative markets such as Japan and South Korea,  she said.  These airlines can now grow more aggressively. This would, however, imply increased competition for Thai Airways when they expand.  Thai AirAsia X CEO Nadda Buranasiri said his airline was studying new routes, including to Hokkaido in Japan, after the red flag was lifted.  We will likely increase routes and frequencies for China, South Korea, and Japan,  he told Reuters on Monday, adding Thai AirAsia X now hoped to add three to four aircraft to its fleet next year.  Nok Airlines PCL Vice Chairman Patee Sarasin said new routes would be added as slots became available. Thai Airways lacks enough aircraft to take advantage of the situation and expects rivals will boost routes to other Asian countries, said a source at the national carrier who declined to be named because he wasn t authorized to speak to the media. Thai Airways declined to comment. CAAT director general Chula Sukmanop told a news conference that he expected Thailand would regain a Category One status from the U.S. Department of Transportation s Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), which also downgraded Thailand in 2015. The FAA downgrade meant Thai carriers could not start new routes to the United States. The CAAT said its aim was to be at  the world s forefront  in safety and reach the global average in each safety category. Actions were still needed to address findings of an ICAO inspection in January 2015 and an audit in July, it said. ICAO s red flag was based on its audit of the regulatory body, rather than individual airlines. Some major Thai airlines, including Thai Airways, Bangkok Airways, Thai Lion and NokScoot, have passed the International Air Transport Association Operational Safety Audit, a benchmark for global safety management in airlines. Aviation safety is particularly important for Thailand given that tourism accounts for around 12 percent of its economy, the second largest in Asia. The countries which still have red flags against them are Djibouti, Eritrea, Haiti, Kyrgyzstan and Malawi, according to the ICAO list. ",1
18013,Thousands protest in Barcelona against Catalan independence,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets of Catalonia s capital Barcelona on Sunday to express their opposition to declaring independence from Spain, showing how divided the region is on the issue. A crowd estimated by local police to number 350,000 waved Spanish and Catalan flags and carried banners saying  Catalonia is Spain  and  Together we are stronger . They poured into the city center after politicians on both sides hardened their positions in the country s worst political crisis for decades. Two more Catalonia-based companies set board meetings for Monday to decide whether to shift their head offices out of the region, adding to the intense pressure Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont is under to back away from declaring independence when he addresses the regional parliament on Tuesday. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said on Saturday he would not rule out removing Catalonia s government and calling a fresh local election if it claimed independence, as well as suspending the wealthy region s existing autonomous status. Catalonia, which has its own language and culture and is led by a pro-independence regional government, held a referendum on Oct. 1 over secession, in defiance of Spain s constitutional court which had declared the vote illegal. The Catalan authorities say the referendum showed voters overwhelmingly support independence. More than 90 percent of those who voted backed secession, but opinion polls on the issue suggest the region is more closely divided. Turn-out for the referendum was 43 percent, with most residents who wish to remain in Spain staying home.  The anti-independence demonstration, which included Catalans and people from other parts of Spain, underlined how the dispute has riven the region itself. A month ago, a million people rallied in the city to support independence.  We feel both Catalan and Spanish,  Araceli Ponze, 72, said during Sunday s rally.  We are facing a tremendous unknown. We will see what happens this week but we have to speak out very loudly so they know what we want.  Puigdemont will address the Catalan parliament at 6 p.m. (1600 GMT) on Tuesday on  the current political situation  amid speculation he could ask the assembly to declare independence. Puigdemont said in an interview broadcast on Catalan television on Sunday that a law passed by the Catalan parliament preparing the way for the referendum called for a declaration of independence in the event of a  yes  vote.  We will apply what the law says,  he said, according to a partial transcript released by TV3. Puigdemont said he had not been in contact with the Madrid government for some time because Spain refused to discuss independence.  What is happening in Catalonia is real, whether they like it or not. Millions of people have voted, who want to decide. We have to talk about this,  he said. Rajoy has said repeatedly he will not talk to the Catalan leaders unless they drop their plans to declare independence. The Spanish government sent thousands of national police to the region to prevent the vote. About 900 people were injured when officers fired rubber bullets and charged crowds with truncheons in scenes that shocked Spain and the world, and dramatically escalated the dispute. Losing Catalonia is almost unthinkable for the Spanish government. It would deprive Spain of about 16 percent of its people, a fifth of its economic output and more than a quarter of its exports. There is widespread opposition to a Catalan breakaway among people in the rest of the country. The political stand-off has pushed banks and companies to move their headquarters outside Catalonia. The board of Catalonia-based infrastructure firm Abertis will meet on Monday to discuss moving its head office elsewhere in Spain, a source familiar with the matter said. Real estate firm Inmobiliaria Colonial also called a board meeting for Monday to discuss moving its head office out of Catalonia, a source close to the firm said. Companies that have already decided to move their head offices out of Catalonia include Spain s third biggest lender, Caixabank, and the fifth-biggest, Sabadell. The exodus adds to pressure on Catalan leaders by potentially undermining tax revenues paid by companies. Concern is growing in EU capitals about the impact of the crisis on the Spanish economy, the fourth largest in the euro zone, and on possible spillovers to other economies. Some European officials are also worried that any softening in Spain s stance toward Catalan independence could fuel secessionist feelings among other groups in Europe such as Belgium s Flemings and Italy s Lombards.  Until the weekend, Rajoy has remained vague on whether he would take the unprecedented step of triggering Article 155 of the constitution, the so-called nuclear option which enables him to sack the regional government and call a local election.  However, asked if he was ready to do so, Rajoy told El Pais newspaper on Saturday:  I don t rule out anything that is within the law ... Ideally, we shouldn t have to take drastic solutions but for that not to happen there would have to be changes.  Rajoy also said he planned to leave in Catalonia the 4,000 national police the government had shipped in for the referendum, until the crisis was over. He ruled out using mediators to resolve the crisis - something Puigdemont has said he is open to - and added the issue would not force a snap national election.     Sunday s demonstration in Barcelona was organized by the anti-independence group Catalan Civil Society to mobilize what it believes is a  silent majority  that opposes independence.  The people who have come to demonstrate don t feel Catalan so much as Spanish,  said 40-year-old engineer Raul Briones, wearing a Spanish national soccer team shirt.  We like how things have been up until now and want to go on like this.  The rally was addressed by Nobel prize-winning novelist Mario Vargas Llosa, who has dual Spanish and Peruvian nationality. He told reporters it showed many Catalans  don t want the coup d etat the Catalan government is fostering . ",1
18014,France would not recognize unilateral Catalan declaration: minister,"PARIS (Reuters) - France will not recognize Catalonia if the Spanish region unilaterally declares independence, European affairs minister Nathalie Loiseau said on Monday.  If there were to be a declaration of independence, it would be unilateral, and it would not be recognized,  Loiseau said on CNews television. Catalonia, which has its own language and culture and is led by a pro-independence regional government, held a referendum on Oct. 1 over secession in defiance of Spain s constitutional court, which had declared the vote illegal.      Catalonia cannot be defined by the vote organized by the independence movement just over a week ago,  the French junior minister said.  This crisis needs to be resolved through dialogue at all levels of Spanish politics.  A hasty decision to recognize independence following such a unilateral declaration would amount to fleeing France s responsibilities, Loiseau added.  If independence were to be recognized - which is not something that s being discussed - the most immediate consequence would be that (Catalonia) automatically left the European Union.  ",1
18015,Pakistani anti-corruption body arrests son-in-law of ousted PM Sharif,"ISLAMABAD/KARACHI (Reuters) - The son-in-law of ousted Pakistani premier Nawaz Sharif was arrested at Islamabad airport on Monday by Pakistan s anti-corruption body on his return from London, officials said, a rare instance of a powerful Pakistani politician being detained. Muhammad Safdar, a lawmaker married to Sharif s daughter and heir-apparent Maryam, was arrested after he failed to appear at previous National Accountability Bureau (NAB) court hearings about corruption allegations stemming from a probe into the Sharif family wealth. The Sharifs have denied any wrongdoing and have labeled the corruption proceedings against them as politically motivated. Two of Nawaz s sons are also due to appear before the NAB court, along with Finance Minister Ishaq Dar. Nawaz was disqualified by the Supreme Court in July for not declaring a source of income that he disputes receiving. Pakistan s top court also ordered a wide-ranging NAB investigation and trial into Sharif family members.  The Supreme Court specified that the trial be concluded within six months by NAB, which has in the past been derided as toothless because rich and powerful politicians were seldom convicted. Safdar, who was arrested soon after midnight, was expected to be released after his NAB court appearance with Maryam this morning.  Television footage showed some supporters from the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) trying to stop the car from leaving the airport, including some who lay down in front of it. A senior PML-N official urged them to give way. Khawaja Saad Rafique, a minister in the PML-N Cabinet, said on Twitter no resistance was made to Safdar s arrest, even though the party had  serious reservations  about the judicial process. Sharif s disqualification stems from the Panama Papers leaks in 2016 that appeared to show that his daughter and two sons owned offshore holding companies registered in the British Virgin Islands and used them to buy properties in London. The Supreme Court initially declined to dismiss Nawaz but ordered an investigation into his family s wealth. After the probe it disqualified him and ordered a NAB investigation and trial into the family. Some senior PML-N officials, including Maryam, have hinted that elements of Pakistan s powerful military had a hidden hand in the Supreme Court disqualification that forced Nawaz to resign. The army denied playing a role. The case against the Sharifs has gripped Pakistan, with analysts expecting the negative newsflow from the hearings to hurt PML-N in the run-up to the next general elections, likely in mid-2018. ",1
18016,"Militants attack checkpoint in Somalia's Puntland, seven dead","BOSASO, Somalia (Reuters) - Islamist al Shabaab militants attacked a checkpoint in Somalia s semi-autonomous Puntland region, killing at least seven people in the early hours of Monday, police said.  The fighters then ambushed officers rushing in to help colleagues on the outskirts of the city of Bosaso, an officer at the scene told Reuters.  Al Shabaab said it took the checkpoint then left, though the police said they fought off the assault. Al Shabaab has launched a string of attacks on Somalia s capital Mogadishu and other areas controlled by the federal government in a bid to oust the Western-backed authorities and impose the group s interpretation of Islamic law.  Attacks are relatively rare in Puntland, which has its own government and security forces patrolling its territory on the northeastern tip of the Horn of Africa, jutting out into the Gulf of Aden and the Arabian Sea.  At about 1 a.m., many well-armed al Shabaab fighters attacked us from all directions in an attempt to capture the checkpoint,  police captain Abdifatah Mohamed said. Three police and four civilians died and at least 13 others were wounded in the clashes, he said over the phone from the checkpoint. Abdiasis Abu Musab, al Shabaab s military operation spokesman, said its fighters killed seven soldiers and wounded 11 others.  We captured the Bosaso checkpoint and left this morning. We also ambushed a police reinforcement,  he said. Puntland is also home to a splinter group of al Shabaab that has sworn allegiance to Islamic State. Security sources say a small contingent of foreign fighters is based there. ",1
18017,"Rajoy: Spain will not be divided, national unity will be preserved","BERLIN (Reuters) - Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said in a newspaper interview that Spain would not be divided, a week after Catalonia held a referendum that authorities there say showed voters overwhelmingly support independence. Asked if there was a risk that Spain would be divided, Rajoy said in an interview published in Die Welt on Monday:  Absolutely not. Spain will not be divided and national unity will be preserved. We ll do everything that legislation allows to ensure that.  Catalonia, which has its own language and culture and is led by a pro-independence regional government, held the Oct. 1 referendum over secession in defiance of Spain s constitutional court which had declared the vote illegal. [nL8N1MJ0L9] ",1
18018,Israel strikes Hamas post after Gaza rocket fire,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - The Israeli military said on Sunday it destroyed an outpost belonging to the Islamist group Hamas in the Gaza Strip on Sunday after Gaza militants fired a rocket toward Israel. The rocket set off air raid sirens in southern Israel but fell short, landing inside Palestinian territory, the Israeli military said in a statement.  In response, an (Israeli) tank targeted and destroyed a Hamas outpost in the southern Gaza Strip,  it said. Officials in Gaza said no one was injured when the tank shell struck a Hamas observation post near the border with Israel. There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the Palestinian rocket fire. Israel said that it holds Hamas accountable for what happens in the territory. The group has observed a de-facto ceasefire with Israel since a 2014 war, but small armed cells of jihadist Salafis have continued to occasionally launch rockets at Israel. When those attacks occur, Hamas usually orders its fighters to vacate potential targets for Israeli retaliation. ",1
18019,NZ First leader says foreign ownership to be part of coalition wrangling,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - The party holding the balance of power in New Zealand s election said on Monday foreign ownership restrictions would be part of its coalition talks, after a final tally showing greater support for the center-left bloc drove the local dollar to a four-month low. A final vote count published over the weekend - two weeks after the Sept. 23 poll - showed the center-left Labour-Green bloc picking up two extra seats, bringing it nearer to the center-right governing National Party s tally.  With Labour-Green on 54 seats and National on 56 seats, both will need NZ First s nine seats to meet the 61 seats needed for a majority in parliament in New Zealand s proportional representation system. When pressed by reporters on whether foreign ownership would be a large part of negotiations with both National and Labour, NZ First leader Winston Peters said he doubted whether anyone in  the press expected otherwise.  So have you got that? It s a yes,  he said. National, which has sought to focus discussions on its careful management of the small, open trading economy, has repeatedly expressed support for open investment.  In contrast, Labour has suggested there is room for some restrictions. It wants to ban overseas buyers from purchasing existing homes as it tries to tackle what it has described as a housing crisis in New Zealand. Labour and New Zealand First are thought to have more policies in common, with both looking to curb immigration, renegotiate certain trade deals and adjust the role of the central bank. The New Zealand dollar NZD=D4 fell as far as $0.7052 on Monday from $0.7090 on Friday evening, its lowest since late May, as uncertainty over the election outcome prevailed.The currency traded at $0.7071 in the afternoon.  The market s been anticipating more of a center-right government and the unknown from the center-left is weighing,  ANZ Economist Con Williams said. Peters, a colorful 40-year political veteran who has in the past has taken senior roles in both Labour and National governments, has set a self-imposed deadline of Oct. 12 to announce which party he will support.  When asked how this week s talks compared to previous election negotiations, Peters said, according to local media:  They are similar in some ways because of circumstances. More like 1996 than 2005.  In 1996 Peters formed a coalition government with National after two months of negotiation, while in 2005 he entered a confidence and supply agreement with Labour, which allowed the center-left party to govern. The 1996 election was much tighter than 2005 in which Labour won a wide lead.  But we have a few days to go yet before we will know the outcome,  the New Zealand Herald quoted Peters as saying. ",1
18020,Merkel settles migrant row with allies to pursue coalition,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) reached a deal on migrant policy with her conservative Bavarian allies on Sunday, removing a major obstacle to pursuing talks on a coalition with other parties. In an apparent concession, Merkel agreed to put a number on how many people Germany would accept per year on humanitarian grounds, namely a net total of around 200,000 individuals.   The CDU and Christian Social Union (CSU) reached the migrant deal after about seven hours of talks and later adjourned their meeting. It was unclear whether they had agreed on other issues, such as Europe and pensions. Further details will be made available at a news conference on Monday.  Merkel won a fourth term as chancellor in a Sept. 24 election but was weakened by heavy losses to the far right.  She wants to build a coalition between her conservative bloc and two other parties, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens, which are far apart on issues from tax and energy to Europe.  First, however, she must get her own house in order and overcome some major differences between her CDU and the CSU, its sister party in Bavaria, a state that accounts for 15 percent of Germany s population. The two parties have formed a parliamentary bloc together for decades, but have diverged over migrant policy since Merkel left the border open to a huge wave of migrants in 2015, most of whom entered the country through Bavaria.  The CSU has demanded a cap on refugees, but Merkel has resisted that, arguing it would breach Germany s constitution, which guarantees the right of asylum to anyone facing political persecution. Under the face-saving compromise brokered on Sunday, Germany would accept a net of about 200,000 people a year on humanitarian grounds, including families of refugees already in Germany. Authorities will not turn people away at the border, however, and the parties avoided using the term  upper limit  that Merkel has consistently rejected.  We want to achieve a total number of people taken in for humanitarian reasons (refugees and asylum seekers, those entitled to subsidiary protection, family members, relocation and resettlement minus deportations and voluntary departures of future refugees) that does not exceed 200,000 people a year,  states the agreement. The leaders also agreed they wanted to set up centers where asylum seekers would stay until decisions on their applications were made. Rejected asylum seekers would be returned to their home countries. They also agreed to declare Morocco, Algeria and Tunisia as countries of safe origin, meaning Germany can return rejected asylum seekers there more easily.  It is a good day for the conservatives and a good day for Germany,  CSU General Secretary Andreas Scheuer said after the talks. Setting a number is a climbdown for Merkel and may not be acceptable to the Greens.   This is an agreement between the CDU and CSU and far from the result of exploratory talks for a coalition with the FDP and Greens,  said Greens co-leader Simone Peter. The target looks achievable, however, given that the number of people arriving in Germany fell to about 280,000 last year from 890,000 in 2015. A further drop is expected this year.  In addition, the two parties agreed to push for an immigration law that would give priority to migrants with skills to plug gaps in the labor market. There is broad support for that from the FDP and Greens.   Fearing heavy losses to the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) in a state election next year, the CSU has dug in its heels on the issue of a cap to the number of migrants. The stakes are high for the CSU s combative leader, Horst Seehofer, who is fighting for his political survival after a poor election performance. The CSU slumped to 6.2 percent, measured nationally, from 7.4 percent in 2013.  Once the CDU and CSU have agreed on all their policies, they can start exploratory talks with the FDP and Greens.  It could still take months to get a full coalition deal and investors are concerned about the prospect of a policy standstill in Europe s biggest economy. If no deal is reached, the prospect looms of either a minority government or new elections. ",1
18021,"As Johnson Sirleaf exits, Liberians thankful for peace, excited about change","MONROVIA (Reuters) - After a dozen years of recovery under Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, who won the Nobel Peace Prize for helping bring peace after civil war turned her country into a wasteland, Liberians are hopeful about their first democratic power transfer for 73 years. Twenty candidates are standing to replace Johnson Sirleaf in a first round on Tuesday. With nobody likely to win a majority outright, the top two are expected to face each other in a run-off in around a month. While the election campaign has been rambunctious, it has been mainly peaceful so far, and most expectations are that it will come off without bloodshed. Johnson Sirleaf, 78, has many accomplishments to boast since she became Africa s first modern female head of state. The economy is four times the size it was when she took office in 2005. The gangs of drug addled youths who raped and mutilated their way across the nation during a civil war that ended in 2003 are a vivid but receding memory. Charles Taylor, the warlord who ruled in Liberia s darkest days, is now in a British jail, serving a life sentence for crimes against humanity, including terrorism, pillage, rape, murder and sexual slavery   the first former head of state convicted by an international tribunal since Nuremburg. Yet the country is still one of the world s poorest. It survived another existential crisis three years ago with an outbreak of the Ebola virus that overwhelmed its health services. Residents complain of corruption from officials and poor public services, and say that while they are thankful for the peace that Johnson Sirleaf brought, they are excited about the prospect of change.  For me, the only thing about this administration is peace. I gave her a plus in that,  said Timothy Sambulah, a taxi driver in the capital Monrovia. But, he said:  She has not been able to fight corruption. She failed to deal with people who took money to build their big houses.  FRONT-RUNNERS INCLUDE WEAH Among the front-runners seen as likely to win a place in the run-off are Vice President Joseph Nyuma Boakai, representing the ruling Unity Party, and football star George Weah, who lost to Johnson Sirleaf in 2005. Weah has served in the senate since 2014 for the opposition Congress for Democratic Change. Candidates have held enthusiastic rallies attended by thousands of supporters wearing T-shirts, drenched by downpours in a carnival atmosphere. Many have promised a break from the past. One poster carried around by opponents read:  Another six years of this...  with a photograph of a distressed woman seated in a damp home with walls made of corrugated iron.  There will be no business as usual. We are going to end the era of selective justice so people are given equal protection under the law,  Charles Walker Brumskine, a lawyer running as the candidate of the Liberty Party, third biggest in Congress, told Reuters. But one diplomat said it would be difficult to accelerate development just as millions of dollars in aid money pledged during the Ebola outbreak is drying up. Liberia, Africa s oldest republic, was founded by freed U.S. slaves in the 19th century. Its recovery since the war has been remarkable. GDP for the country of 4.6 million reached $2.1 billion last year up from just $550 million the year Sirleaf Johnson took office. A former finance minister in the 1970s who fled after a coup and worked for the World Bank and Citibank during her exile, she restored a measure of professionalism to a government that had been seized by a military junta in 1980 and collapsed under the predation of the warlords. Outside her home country, Johnson Sirleaf has served as an ambassador for peace in an unstable region, donning colorful headscarves on diplomatic missions such as one last year to persuade Gambia s ruler Yahya Jammeh to step down.  Still, many Liberians say she failed to stamp out graft and nepotism that have held the country back. Her son Robert Sirleaf was a senior advisor and ran state oil firm NOCAL, which collapsed after his tenure as crude prices slumped in 2015. Her other son, Charles, was among 45 government officials suspended in 2012 for failing to declare their assets to anti-corruption authorities. She declared her own assets this year. Last year a grand jury indicted government officials, including the speaker of parliament on charges including bribery.  High level corruption has been a slap in the face for Liberians, most of whom live in abject poverty,  said Liberian political analyst Robtel Neajai Pailey who also criticized what she described as  hero worship  of Johnson Sirleaf. (This version of the story corrects the gender of the pronoun in final paragraph to she from he, referring to expert) ",1
18022,Venezuela leader thanks hostile Trump for making him 'famous',"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro baited U.S. President Donald Trump on Sunday by thanking him for a barrage of criticism that had made him famous worldwide.   It s an honor that the head of the empire mentions me every day,  said the 54-year-old president, just back in Venezuela from a trip to Russia, Belarus and Turkey.   That means I m doing something right!  Maduro laughed, during his weekly program on state TV. Saying Venezuela has become a corrupt and repressive dictatorship, the U.S. government has widened individual sanctions on top officials including Maduro and also prohibited new debt dealings with Caracas.  Businessman-turned-president Trump has repeatedly criticized Maduro and his Socialist Party in public and at meetings with other heads of state.  Donald Trump has become the head of the Venezuelan opposition,  said Maduro, who has ruled the OPEC member since 2013 but seen his popularity plummet during an economic crisis.  He has made me famous around the world. Every time he mentions me, they love me more,  Maduro added, saying he had been acclaimed by people abroad on his visit to nations who have all had frayed relations with Washington. Maduro said he had a one-and-half hour meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin where, among other subjects, he discussed the possibility of trading Venezuelan oil in rubles because of the U.S. financial sanctions.   A whole new world is opening up for Venezuela thanks to Trump s sanctions,  said Maduro, who has also said he hopes to move Venezuela s commercial transactions to euros, yen and rupees. On Oct. 15, Maduro s government faces off with Venezuela s opposition in elections for state governors. Maduro used his TV show to accuse foes of sabotaging public services during the campaign, including cutting electricity cables. Appearing next to him on TV, Vice President Tareck el Aissami said that an opposition-linked activist had been arrested for an explosion that injured seven policemen during anti-Maduro protests earlier this year. Venezuela s opposition says the government routinely frames activists by planting explosive materials, arms and money, and invents links between them and criminals, to justify political repression. ",1
18023,Speaker of Ethiopian parliament submits resignation,"ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - The speaker of Ethiopia s lower house of parliament submitted his resignation on Sunday, one of the highest-ranking officials to do so since the ruling EPRDF coalition came to power in 1991.    Abadula Gemeda did not disclose reasons behind his decision, but said he would disclose the factors once his move was approved by parliament. Analysts in the Horn of Africa country said Abadula, an ethnic Oromo, may have decided to step down owing to disapproval of the government s response to unrest that roiled Ethiopia s Oromiya region in 2015 and 2016. The violence there forced the government to impose a nine-month state of emergency that was only lifted in August.      Given the existence of circumstances that do not enable me to continue in this position, I have submitted my resignation to my political party and the House of People s Representatives,  he said in a short speech on national television.     I will disclose the reasons behind my decision once my request is reviewed by the House of People s Representatives,  the former defense minister added.    The unrest was provoked by a development scheme for the capital Addis Ababa that dissidents said amounted to land grabs and turned into broader anti-government demonstrations over politics and human rights abuses.    It included attacks on businesses, many of them foreign-owned, including farms growing flowers for export.    In April, a government-sanctioned investigation said 669 people had been killed during one period in the violence and more than 29,000 people arrested ",1
18024,Turkish prosecutor seeks 15-year jail sentence for rights activists,"ANKARA (Reuters) - A Turkish prosecutor has called for jail sentences of up to 15 years on terrorism charges for a group of rights activists including the local head of Amnesty International, Amnesty said. The detention in July of the activists, who also include a German and Swedish national, deepened tensions between Ankara and European Union leaders who fear that Turkey is sliding toward greater authoritarianism under President Tayyip Erdogan. They were held after attending a workshop on digital security on an island off Istanbul. Eight of them have been held since then, accused of being members of and aiding an  armed terrorist organization .  This indictment is little more than a tawdry patchwork of innuendo and untruths and is itself a damning indictment of the flaws in Turkey s justice system,  John Dalhuisen, Amnesty International s Europe Director said in a statement.  The court must reject it in its entirety and ensure that our friends and colleagues are immediately and unconditionally released.  Shortly after they were detained Germany said it was reviewing applications for arms projects from Turkey. A minister in Berlin compared Ankara s behavior over the detention of the activists to the authoritarian former communist East Germany. Chancellor Angela Merkel also said last month that Turkey s 12-year journey to join the European Union should be halted. German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said he was very worried about the latest development.   The demand for up to 15 years in prison is totally incomprehensible to us and not acceptable,  Gabriel said in a statement, adding Berlin had got in touch with the Turkish government about the matter. Among those arrested in July are Amnesty International s Turkey director  dil Eser, German citizen Peter Frank Steudtner and Swedish citizen Ali Gharavi. They have now been officially charged by an indictment, the first step in court proceedings.   We are doing all we can to bring the jailed German citizens, including Peter Steudtner, back to Germany,  said Gabriel. Erdogan s government says EU critics of the case, and of the wider crackdown in Turkey following last year s failed military coup in which more than 240 people were killed, do not understand the scale of the security challenges facing Turkey. More than 50,000 people have been detained since the failed coup and 150,000 people, including teachers, academics and lawyers, have been suspended from their jobs.  ",1
18025,Spain's Colonial calls board meeting for Monday to discuss moving head office from Catalonia-source,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spanish real estate firm Inmobiliaria Colonial has called a board meeting for Monday to discuss moving its head office out of Catalonia, a source close to the firm said on Sunday. Barcelona-based Colonial joins a number of other firms that have decided, or are considering, moving their head offices from Catalonia to other Spanish cities after the northeastern region held a referendum on independence from Spain last weekend that was declared illegal by Spanish authorities. ",1
18026,Boat carrying asylum seekers from Myanmar capsizes off Bangladesh,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - At least two people have died after a boat carrying refugees fleeing Myanmar capsized on its way to Bangladesh on Sunday, local authorities told Reuters. The boat sank near Shah Porir Dwip, on the southern tip of Bangladesh, said Lieutenant Colonel Ariful Islam, the local commander of Border Guard Bangladesh. He confirmed via SMS that the bodies of a boy and an elderly woman had been recovered in the water while eight others had been rescued. The rescue operation was ongoing on early Monday morning, local time, and the number of missing unknown, he said. More than 500,000 ethnic Rohingya Muslims have fled Myanmar since Aug. 25, when an attack by Rohingya militants on police and military posts in Rakhine State sparked a ferocious response from Myanmar s security forces which the United Nations described as  ethnic cleansing . Myanmar s government denies the allegations of ethnic cleansing and has labeled as terrorists the militants from the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army who launched the initial attacks. Six weeks after the violence erupted, Rohingya continue to stream into neighboring Bangladesh by land and sea amid reports that Myanmar s military and Buddhist mobs have targeted Rohingyas with summary killings and burned villages. Myanmar, a mostly Buddhist nation, does not recognize the Rohingya Muslims as citizens, even though many have lived in Rakhine for generations. After waves of violence in the past five years, about 1 million Rohingya have been forced to move to Bangladesh. The overturned vessel is the latest of a series of deadly mishaps at sea involving Rohingya refugees. Most recently, on Sept. 28, a boat carrying about 80 refugees overturned. Seventeen survived, while 23 were confirmed dead and the remainder declared missing. On Sept. 6, 46 bodies were recovered after another boat sunk in the narrow stretch of water that separates Myanmar and Bangladesh. Among the dead were 19 children, 18 women and 9 men. ",1
18027,Switzerland demands release of Swiss woman abducted in Sudan,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Switzerland on Sunday called for the quick release of a Swiss woman reported abducted in Sudan s troubled Darfur region where rebels have been fighting the government for more than a decade.  The Foreign Ministry is aware of the case of a Swiss woman kidnapped in Darfur,  a ministry spokesman said by email.   Local representation is in contact with Sudanese authorities. Efforts to clarify the situation are in progress. Switzerland is calling for a rapid and unconditional release of the abducted person.  The ministry did not give details about when the woman had been abducted or other details about her. Swiss newspapers reported the woman was an aid worker. Sudan will extend a unilateral ceasefire with rebels until the end of December, state news agency SUNA reported on Sunday, just days after the United States lifted 20-year-old sanctions tied to progress on resolving ongoing conflicts. The conflict in Darfur began in 2003 when mainly non-Arab tribes took up arms against Sudan s Arab-led government. ",1
18028,Exclusive: West edges towards punishing Myanmar army leaders over Rohingya crisis - sources,"YANGON/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The European Union and the United States are considering targeted sanctions against Myanmar military leaders over an offensive that has driven more than 500,000 Rohingya Muslims out of the country, officials familiar with the discussions say. Interviews with more than a dozen diplomats and government officials based in Washington, Yangon and Europe revealed that punitive measures aimed specifically at top generals were among a range of options being discussed in response to the crisis. Nothing has yet been decided and Washington and Brussels may decide to hold off for now, the sources said. There are also discussions about increasing aid for violence-riven Rakhine state. The active discussion of sanctions   not even on the table  a month ago   shows how the dramatic exodus of Rohingya Muslims from Myanmar s northwest is putting pressure on Western policymakers to take action. While much of the outcry overseas has focused on Nobel laureate and Myanmar s national leader Aung San Suu Kyi, few Western diplomats see an alternative to her leadership. Suu Kyi does not control the military, which still wields considerable power under Myanmar s army-written constitution. The EU Foreign Ministers Council will discuss Myanmar on Oct. 16, although officials do not expect any move on sanctions that soon. Danish minister for development cooperation, Ulla Tornaes, told Reuters that Copenhagen had been working to get the crisis on the agenda,  with the wish to put further pressure on the military . Two Washington-based U.S. officials with knowledge of the Trump administration s Myanmar deliberations said targeted sanctions against commander-in-chief Min Aung Hlaing and several other generals, as well as leaders of ethnic Rakhine Buddhist militias accused of torching Rohingya villages, were under consideration. Such sanctions - if decided on - would likely entail U.S. asset freezes, bans on travel to the United States, prohibitions against Americans doing business with them and other unspecified penalties. Washington was moving cautiously as it consulted with governments in Europe, Japan and Southeast Asia, the U.S. officials said. A senior Yangon-based European diplomat also said Western countries were coordinating their response to the crisis and were in agreement that it was the military, and specifically the commander-in-chief, who needed to be targeted in any punitive action. Any punishment was likely to be symbolic at first to allow room for further talks, Yangon-based diplomats said, giving the example of formally banning the army chief, who over the past year visited Brussels, Berlin and Vienna, from further travel to Europe. Western diplomats admit their leverage is limited: compared with China, whose ties with Myanmar have warmed since Suu Kyi took office 18 months ago, U.S. and European investment and military engagement with the country are small. They are also wary of action that could hurt the wider economy or destabilize already tense ties between Suu Kyi and the army. The United Nations is pressing for increased humanitarian access to other parts of Rakhine, where hundreds of thousands of Rohingya remain. How Myanmar responds to calls for increased aid, the investigation of alleged atrocities or repatriation of refugees would be a key consideration in deciding what action to take, U.S. and EU diplomats in Myanmar said.  We can pile political pressure, look into financing we have in Myanmar. We have humanitarian aid, as well as development aid ... the European Commission won t invest in the development of Myanmar if the conditions, including security, are not there,  said a Brussels-based EU diplomat who follows Myanmar.  There is also the arms trade embargo and we discuss regularly whether we should reward the reforms in Myanmar and look at gradual easing of that, or the opposite.  EU economic sanctions on Myanmar were lifted after the army stepped back from direct rule of the country in 2012, beginning the democratic transition that brought Suu Kyi to power last year, but an arms embargo in force since the 1990s remains. The United States removed most sanctions on Myanmar last autumn. It too has kept an arms embargo in place. One Washington-based U.S. official said that, while there was no firm deadline, Washington hoped to have a plan of action on Myanmar in place by the time President Donald Trump travels to Asia for a series of summits in the first half of November. The administration wanted to send a strong message to Myanmar s military, but was concerned that too drastic action could allow China to expand its growing diplomatic and economic influence in the country, the official said. There is little support in the administration for the re-imposition of broader economic sanctions, the official added. The White House declined comment on internal deliberations on the Rohingya crisis.     In another sign of pressure building on Myanmar, New York-based diplomats said the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) in the U.N. General Assembly was pushing for a human rights resolution on the country. Last year the EU announced that for the first time in 15 years it would not introduce a resolution at the General Assembly s Third Committee, which focuses on human rights, condemning Myanmar s record - rewarding it for progress. The European bloc could revive the resolution in the current session, taking on board the OIC draft and broadening it out beyond the Rohingya crisis, one diplomat in New York said. Diplomats said some members of the U.N. Security Council were exploring whether the 15-member body could agree a formal statement, or even a resolution, calling for an end to the violence, full access for aid and the safe return of refugees. However, Myanmar has said it was negotiating with China and Russia, which have veto powers in the Security Council, to protect it from any possible action. China and Russia have both expressed support for the Myanmar government. Myanmar s relations with the U.N. have grown increasingly testy since the discovery of World Food Programme-branded biscuits at a suspected militant camp in July prompted the government to accuse the U.N. agency of supporting the insurgents, forcing it to shut down its operations in Rakhine.  Myanmar is stalling on accepting a plan by the U.N. to upgrade the U.N. country head to the more powerful rank of Assistant Secretary-General (ASG) when its current top official, who is due to be rotated, is replaced. Thaung Tun, Suu Kyi s National Security Advisor, told Reuters that the U.N.  must treat us equally .  We ll be fine with anybody if all member states have an ASG assigned. Not just us,  he said. ",1
18029,Sudan to extend ceasefire through end-December: SUNA,"KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudan will extend a unilateral ceasefire with rebels until the end of December, state news agency SUNA reported on Sunday, just days after the United States lifted 20-year-old sanctions tied to progress on resolving ongoing conflicts. Fighting between the army and rebels in Kordofan and Blue Nile regions broke out in 2011, when South Sudan declared independence. Conflict in Darfur began in 2003 when mainly non-Arab tribes took up arms against Sudan s Arab-led government. Making progress on resolving these conflicts was one of several demands made by the United States for it to lift a trade embargo, unfreeze assets and remove financial restrictions that have isolated the country for years. The ceasefire was set to expire at the end of October. ",1
18030,Iran warns U.S. against imposing further sanctions,"BEIRUT/DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran warned the United States against designating its Revolutionary Guards Corp as a terrorist group and said U.S. regional military bases would be at risk if further sanctions were passed. The warning came after the White House said on Friday that President Donald Trump would announce new U.S. responses to Iran s missile tests, support for  terrorism  and cyber operations as part of his new Iran strategy.  As we ve announced in the past, if America s new law for sanctions is passed, this country will have to move their regional bases outside the 2,000 km range of Iran s missiles,   Guards  commander Mohammad Ali Jafari said, according to state media. Jafari also said that additional sanctions would end the chances for future dialogue with the United States, according to state media, and issued a stark warning to American troops.  If the news is correct about the stupidity of the American government in considering the Revolutionary Guards a terrorist group, then the Revolutionary Guards will consider the American army to be like Islamic State all around the world particularly in the Middle East,  Jafari said. The Revolutionary Guards (IRGC) are Iran s most powerful internal and external security force. The Quds Force, the IRGC s foreign espionage and paramilitary wing, and individuals and entities associated with the IRGC are on the US list of foreign terrorist organizations, but the organization as a whole is not.  Iran sees the Sunni Muslim militants of Islamic State as an existential threat to the Islamic Republic where the majority of the population are Shi ites. On June 7, Islamic State claimed an attack on Tehran s parliament and the mausoleum of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, the founder of the Islamic Republic, killing 18 people. The Guards fired missiles at Islamic State bases in Syria on June 18 in response. Guards commanders have framed their military involvement in Iraq and Syria, where they are fighting to support the government of President Bashar al-Assad, as a fight against Islamic State. Dozens of members of the Guards, including senior commanders, have been killed in Syria and Iraq. The website for state TV reported Jafari as adding that the United States was mistaken if it thought it could pressure Iran into negotiating on regional issues. Jafari also said that Tehran would ramp up its defense capabilities, including its missile program, if the U.S. undermined a nuclear deal between Iran and Western powers. Under the 2015 deal, Iran agreed to limit its disputed nuclear program in return for the easing of economic sanctions. However, Trump is expected to announce soon that he will decertify the deal, a senior administration official has said, in a step that potentially could cause the accord to unravel.  The Americans should know that the Trump government s stupid behavior with the nuclear deal will be used by the Islamic Republic as an opportunity to move ahead with its missile, regional and conventional defense program,  Jafari said, according to state media. The prospect of Washington backtracking on the deal has worried some of the U.S. allies that helped negotiate it, especially as the world grapples with another nuclear crisis in the shape of North Korea. If Trump does not certify that Iran is in compliance, the U.S. Congress will have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions waived under the deal. U.N. inspectors have verified Iranian compliance with the terms. The Guards navy was also carrying out a military exercise on Sunday in the Gulf, an area of tension with the U.S. navy in recent months. More than 110 vessels were involved in the exercise, including some that have rocket and missile capabilities, a state media report quoted a Guards commander as saying.  ",1
18031,Woman charged after trying to scale Buckingham Palace gates,"LONDON (Reuters) - A woman who tried to scale the gates of Buckingham Palace, Queen Elizabeth s London residence, has been charged with being drunk and disorderly, police said on Sunday. Jessica Davey, aged 35 of west London, will appear at Westminster Magistrates  Court on Monday, police said. She was detained by police on Saturday before she gained access to the palace grounds in an incident that was not treated as terrorist related. British police are on high alert after five attacks blamed on terrorism this year.  In August a man wielding a sword outside the palace was charged under terrorism laws. Three police officers suffered minor injuries detaining him. ",1
18032,Catalonia will apply referendum law calling for independence declaration: leader,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Catalonia will apply a referendum law, which calls for a declaration of independence if a referendum shows a majority in favor, Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont says in a television program to be broadcast later on Sunday.  The declaration of independence, that we don t call a  unilateral  declaration of independence, is foreseen in the referendum law as an application of the results. We will apply what the law says,  Puigdemont says in the program on Catalonia s TV3, according to excerpts on the broadcaster s website. The Catalan government says more than 90 percent of people who voted in an Oct. 1 referendum voted in favor of independence from Spain. The referendum was declared illegal by Spanish authorities and turnout was only 43 percent. The Catalan law paving the way for the referendum said the parliament of Catalonia would declare the region s independence within 48 hours of a  yes  vote being proclaimed by the Catalan electoral office. ",1
18033,"Merkel, Bavaria allies agree on migrant policy: sources","BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) have agreed on the divisive issue of a refugee cap with her conservative Bavarian allies, two conservative sources told Reuters, removing a hurdle to coalition talks with other parties. The agreement came on Sunday evening after leading members of the CDU held talks with the Christian Social Union (CSU). Merkel aims to build a nationally untested coalition between her conservative bloc, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and Greens after winning a fourth term as chancellor in a Sept. 24 election but losing much support to the far-right.   ",1
18034,Turkish army surveys Syria's Idlib before deployment - sources,"AMMAN/ANKARA (Reuters) - A Turkish army reconnaissance team scouted out Syria s Idlib province on Sunday, a senior Syrian rebel said, before an expected military operation to impose peace in the bitterly contested Syrian northwest.  When we don t go to Syria, Syria comes to us,  Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan told members of his ruling AK Party.  If we didn t take our measures, bombs would fall on our cities.  Turkey says it will provide assistance to rebels it has long backed, aiming to implement a de-escalation agreement designed to reduce fighting with pro-government forces in the area, the most populous pocket of Syria still in rebel hands. Although Turkish officials say they are helping the rebels from within Turkey, in past interventions they have also sent troops across the frontier. Any incursion could bring them into conflict with powerful jihadists from al Qaeda s former Syrian branch, although there were signs on Sunday that they were working to avoid a confrontation. Local sources said the Turkish military vehicles were escorted into Idlib by a convoy of fighters from the group, which has joined a jihadist alliance called Tahrir al-Sham and disavowed links to the network founded by Osama bin Laden. Nonetheless, the jihadists and the Turkish military earlier exchanged fire nearby, underscoring the tension as Turkey builds up its forces and the rebel groups it backs prepare to enter Idlib.   We will never allow a terror corridor that begins in Afrin and goes to the Mediterranean,  Erdogan said, referring to the stretch of Turkey s southern border which is controlled on the Syrian side by Kurdish fighters and Tahrir al-Sham. Turkey has been one of the biggest supporters of rebels fighting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad during the six-and-a-half-year war, but its focus has moved from ousting him to securing its own border against jihadist and Kurdish groups.     Prime Minister Binali Yildirim stressed the importance of ensuring de-escalation near the border, following an agreement reached in Astana, Kazakhstan last month that was backed both by the Turks and by Russia, which supports Assad.  We will ensure safety in Idlib, and will cooperate with Russia,  Yildirim said. Tahrir al-Sham, spearheaded by the former Nusra Front, which was al Qaeda s Syrian branch until last year when it changed its name and broke allegiance to the global network, has been a formidable military force since early in the conflict. Since early this year it has battled other rebel groups as it tried to gain control over areas including Idlib.  Idlib and neighboring parts of northwest Syria are now home to more than 2 million people, many of them refugees from other formerly rebel-held regions that fell to pro-government forces.      A local resident and another local rebel said they had seen Turkish military vehicles enter Idlib and then travel under Tahrir al-Sham escort along a road.  The senior Syrian rebel said the reconnaissance team went to Sheikh Barakat, a location that overlooks both rebel-held areas of Aleppo province, adjacent to Idlib, and the Kurdish-controlled area of Afrin.  Erdogan gave no details of the operation, but said it was going ahead  without problems at the moment . Turkey s biggest security concern on the frontier is the Kurdish YPG militia, which as part of a U.S.-backed alliance is fighting against Islamic State in eastern Syria. Ankara regards the YPG as an extension of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has fought a three-decade insurgency inside Turkey. Mortars were fired from the area under YPG control near to the location where the Turkish reconnaissance team was operating, the senior rebel said.   The Turkish team is on its way back. Its mission has been accomplished. They visited areas of disengagement and locations where the Turkish army would be positioned,  the rebel said. Reuters witnesses, local people, and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a Britain-based war monitor, said earlier on Sunday the Turkish military and Tahrir al-Sham had clashed near the village of Kafr Lusin in Idlib.  Tahrir al-Sham began the exchange by firing on a Turkish bulldozer removing sections of a border wall and Turkish artillery returned fire, they said. The area was later quiet.  Rebel groups that will take part - drawn from the Euphrates Shield campaign that Turkey backed with armor and troops in another part of Syria to the east since last year - said on Saturday they expected the Idlib operation to start very soon. Tahrir al-Sham said  the lions of jihad and martyrdom will be waiting to pounce  against any incursion into Idlib. The Syrian Civil Defence, better known as the White Helmets rescue workers, said on its Twitter account that jets it believed to be from the Syrian military had struck a marketplace in Maarat al-Numan in Idlib on Sunday, killing at least six.  ",1
18035,Hezbollah leader says U.S. actions aiding Islamic State in Syria,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah said on Sunday that the United States was serving the interests of Islamic State by preventing the Syrian army and its allies advancing in some areas of eastern Syria.  American jets have this year targeted pro-government militias in eastern Syria that were advancing towards Washington s local allies.  Nasrallah said the United States was delaying the Syrian military in its battle to retake territory from Islamic State.  The American air force in some areas prevents the Syrian army and its allies from advancing in areas controlled by Islamic State,  said the leader of Hezbollah, a Lebanese Shi ite movement designated by Washington as a terrorist group.   The Americans are working to hinder the battle against Islamic State,  he said in a speech, part of a commemoration for Hezbollah fighters killed in clashes against Islamic State.  His comments came after a senior U.S. official said President Donald Trump was considering putting sanctions on Iran for its support of Hezbollah, and as the U.S. Congress prepares to consider tighter sanctions on Hezbollah itself. The battlefield situation in Syrian is complex, comprising both a civil war that pits Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s government against rebels, as well as two separate campaigns against Islamic State.  The Syrian army, backed by Russia, Iran and Shi ite militias including Hezbollah, has advanced against Islamic State in an offensive across the central Syrian desert in recent months.  The United States is meanwhile leading a rival international coalition against the Sunni jihadists that includes an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias.  Russia and the United States have put in place measures to prevent outright conflict between the two offensives against Islamic State, but there have been times when they fired on each other.  Security sources in Lebanon have said that Hezbollah has lost hundreds of fighters in Syria since it entered the conflict in support of Assad in 2013 against rebel groups. Last week Islamic State counter attacks against the Syrian army and its allies killed a number of Hezbollah fighters including a senior commander, Ali al-Hadi al-Asheq.  ",1
