id,title,text,label
1887,Count on Wide-Open 2016 Debate Over U.S.’s Role in the World,"The political world was obsessed last week with Jeb Bush’s problems in saying whether he would or wouldn’t have ordered the invasion of Iraq. But a more provocative statement about projection of American power actually came from a fellow presidential contender, Marco Rubio, in a speech at the Council on Foreign Relations.

“As president, I will use American power to oppose any violations of international waters, airspace, cyberspace or outer space,” Sen. Rubio declared. “This includes the economic disruption caused when...",1
2779,Why Obama is changing tune on pulling troops from Afghanistan,"The White House has revised existing plans to withdraw the majority of troops from Afghanistan by the end of the Obama administration.

Uber in court: Is it a digital service, or an unlicensed taxi company?

Uber in court: Is it a digital service, or an unlicensed taxi company?

Why are authorities slow to call the Ohio State attack 'terrorism'?

President Obama returns a salute prior to boarding Air Force One before his departure from Andrews Air Force Base, Md. Oct. 9. Obama will keep 5,500 US troops in Afghanistan when he leaves office in 2017, according to senior administration officials.

President Obama will announce Thursday plans to slow efforts to bring US troops home from Afghanistan, and instead maintain the current level of 9,800 through much of 2016 before attempting another drawdown effort, senior administration officials said.

""Our mission won't change,"" an official told Reuters.

US troops will keep training and providing oversight to Afghan forces, while working to prevent Al Qaeda from threatening US security, the officials said.

The Obama administration originally aimed to bring all but a force of about 1,000 troops for American embassy officials' security based in Kabul before leaving office in January 2017. Officials are now saying troops will be brought down to 5,500 starting sometime in 2017, under a new administration, and based out of the cities of Kabul, Bagram, Jalalabad, and Kandahar.

Maintaining a presence of 5,500 troops in four places will cost about $14.6 billion per year, a marked increase over the original plan to keep a smaller force at the Kabul embassy for an estimated $10 billion, the official said.

The decision involved months of negotiations between Washington, Afghan leaders, and commanders in the field about how to support Afghan forces, senior US administration officials said.

At the end of 2014, Obama announced an end to the combat mission in Afghanistan, which spanned 13 years following 9/11. Since that proclamation, Afghan troops – supported by US and NATO forces – have led national security for the country.

But late last month, Taliban militants overtook the northern city of Kunduz. For 15 days insurgents sent civilians fleeing their homes, destroyed government buildings, freed prisoners, and hunted officials. The city siege was the first since US troops have been engaged in Afghanistan, and signaled that Afghan security forces are not well equipped to handle the Taliban on its own.

""Certainly we're watching and seeing how the Afghan security forces engage quite tenaciously in the fight in Kunduz,"" an official told Reuters.

NATO allies are also considering a continued presence, the official said. More than 6,000 non-US forces are now in Afghanistan as part of the ""Resolute Support"" mission.

Afghan President Ashraf Ghani and chief executive Abdullah Abdullah have advocated for a continued US military presence and last March discussed a slowed-down timeline with US military and administration officials while on a visit to the White House, according to officials.

""The Afghan government is very comfortable with this commitment. They've been indicating a desire for this commitment for some time,"" an official told Reuters.

This report contains material from Reuters and The Associated Press.",1
4452,Is Iran ‘already violating’ the nuclear deal by ‘illegally testing ballistic missiles?’,"“Senator Johnny Isakson fought President Obama’s reckless deal with the Iranian regime. Now Iran is already violating the agreement — illegally testing ballistic missiles, threatening Israel and supporting terrorism in the Middle East.”

This ad begins with Isakson, who is running for his third Senate term, saying: “I voted against the nuclear deal with Iran for a ton of reasons.” Then, a narrator claims that Iran is already violating the agreement, which the senator opposed, by illegally testing ballistic missiles. (We spotted this ad on the website of our partners, Political TV Ad Archive.) Is that really the case? We did some digging.

The formal name for the deal reached in July between Iran and world powers, including the United States, is the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), commonly called the “Iran deal.”

Isakson, member of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, opposed the deal. But Senate Republicans failed to advance legislation that would have allowed them to reject the agreement.

The agreement was aimed at curbing Iran’s nuclear program in exchange for relief from international sanctions. After the deal was reached, the United Nations Security Council — which had imposed sanctions on Iran to pressure it to negotiate — adopted Resolution 2231. The resolution endorsed the deal and outlined conditions under which sanctions are to be lifted. Under the resolution, ballistic missile restrictions expire after eight years.

This is an important point in the context of Isakson’s ad: The Iran deal is not the same as U.N. Security Council Resolution 2231.

The nuclear agreement was officially implemented this January, after the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) certified that Iran had complied with all the nuclear-related measures it agreed to in July. Yet Iran has continued to test ballistic missiles and said it will not stop.

The deal does not prohibit the testing or development of ballistic missiles. But the U.N. resolution does contain restrictions relating to ballistic missiles. So how is Iran able to continue its testing? Experts say the resolution’s language allows Iran to argue that its ballistic missiles do not fit within the restrictions laid out in Resolution 2231.

Previous U.N. resolutions had stated that the council “decides that Iran shall not undertake any activity related to ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons.” The new resolution states “Iran is called upon not to undertake any activity related to ballistic missiles designed to be capable of delivering nuclear weapons, including launches using such ballistic missile technology.”

The language change from “decides that Iran shall not” to “Iran is called upon” represents a softening in tone, signaling a more non-legally-binding appeal. This change was made precisely because the Iran deal does not contain any limits on the country’s missile programs, said Jeffrey Lewis, director of the East Asia Nonproliferation Program at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies in Monterey.

“It is perfectly respectable for opponents of the agreement to object to the Iran deal on these grounds — the JCPOA removes missile-related sanctions without requiring Iran to limit its missile programs,” Lewis said. “This was the hardest part of the agreement for me to accept, even if that sanctions relief only occurs after eight years.”

Further, the new resolution refers to missiles “designed to be capable of delivering nuclear weapons,” rather than “capable” of such delivery. So Iran now argues that its missiles are not “designed” for such capability.

“If one finds that the missiles used are designed for nuclear weapon delivery, it appears to me that there will evidently be also a problem with the compliance with the JCPOA, which bans weaponization activities,” said Olli Heinonen, who led the IAEA’s safeguards section during the 2003-2005 talks between Iran and three European powers (Britain, France and Germany).

That argument is possible but will be difficult to prove, experts say. A legal determination hasn’t been made one way or the other, meaning that the testing is not yet a violation of the Iran deal.

The Isakson ad claims that Iran is “already violating the agreement” through these missile tests. The citation in the ad is an op-ed in U.S. News and World Report that Iran’s missile tests highlight weaknesses in the nuclear deal.

The senator’s staff pointed to news articles describing the tests as a violation of the U.N. resolution. They noted that President Obama had accused Iran of going against the “spirit” of the nuclear agreement, as he did at an April news conference:

But the ad itself does not say that Iran’s actions violate the “spirit” of the deal or that it violates the U.N. resolution. It says Iran is violating the agreement that Isakson opposed. That agreement would be the Iran deal, not the U.N. resolution.

“There’s frustration [over the testing], and we have to look for effective policy tools to impede Iran’s missile program. But none of those tools, unfortunately, is the ability to say this is a violation of the Iran nuclear deal,” said Robert Einhorn, senior fellow at Brookings Institution and former special adviser on arms control and nonproliferation at the State Department.

Einhorn added that it’s difficult to use the Security Council resolution as a policy tool, because Russia and China are reluctant to view missile tests as a violation of, or inconsistent with, the resolution.

Isakson’s ad is about the Iran deal and his opposition to it. It claims that Iran is “already violating” the nuclear agreement by illegally testing ballistic missiles. Yet the actual deal did not have restrictions on ballistic missiles testing. Instead, the U.N. resolution that implements the deal contains the language. A range of experts we consulted said that the testing could be argued as violating the Iran deal but that it will be difficult. It’s an important technical distinction that is not reflected in the ad, ultimately misleading viewers. Moreover, it’s a matter of interpretation as to whether the testing is “illegal” under the resolution.

We understand that it’s probably not as catchy for a narrator in a campaign ad to say, “Western leaders view Iran’s missile tests as a violation of the U.N. resolution passed in tandem” or that the testing is “inconsistent with the spirit of the Iran deal.” But both of those phrases are accurate, and are certainly preferable to the sweeping, inaccurate claim in the ad.

Send us facts to check by filling out this form

Sign up for The Fact Checker weekly newsletter",1
385,"As Democrats Grow Nervous, Clinton Tries To Appeal To Party Leaders","As Democrats Grow Nervous, Clinton Tries To Appeal To Party Leaders

Hillary Clinton has spent much of the summer fending off questions about her private email account during her time as secretary of state. Bernie Sanders is gaining on her in the polls. And there's a looming possible challenge from sitting Vice President Joe Biden.

That's a far cry from the beginning of this campaign when she was seen as an almost inevitable Democratic nominee.

Now, she's trying to regroup and make the case before the very people who will choose that nominee — not voters, but her base: the party establishment.

""I have been fighting for families and underdogs my entire life, and I'm not going to stop now,"" Clinton said at the summer meeting of the Democratic National Committee in Minneapolis Friday. ""In fact, I'm just getting warmed up.""

She vowed that she is ""not taking a single primary voter or caucusgoer for granted.""

But party leaders are growing concerned that Clinton has not wrested control of the storyline of those emails. It's made many bite their nails, and it's given the other four candidates currently in the race some hope that there's an opening for someone else.

Sanders, an independent from Vermont who caucuses with Democrats in the Senate, got a boost Saturday night from an Iowa poll showing him gaining on Clinton, just 7 points behind the front-runner.

He underlined — in a not-so-veiled shot at Clinton — that ""politics as usual"" and ""same old, same old"" is not going to work in firing up Democratic voters to get out to the polls.

Making a parallel argument to the one conservatives make on the Republican side, Sanders blamed the party, in part, for major losses in the 2014 midterm elections, because liberal base voters didn't have something to vote for.

""We lost because voter turnout was abysmally, embarrassingly low, and millions of working people, young people, and people of color gave up on politics as usual and they stayed home,"" Sanders said.

He added, ""With all due respect — and I do not mean to insult anyone here — that turnout, that enthusiasm will not happen with politics as usual. The same old, same old will not work.""

Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley also took aim at the party's establishment, repeating his criticism of the Democratic debate schedule, which begins in October. He described it as a ""rigged process"" and ""a cynical move to delay and limit our own party debates.""

O'Malley, who trails in the polls, wants more debates.

""Four debates, and four debates only, we are told — not asked — before voters in our earliest states make their decision,"" O'Malley said, making for a rather awkward moment with DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz as he left the stage.

Biden did not attend the meeting in Minneapolis. But in a conference call last week, the vice president told DNC members that he has been talking with his family about whether or not to enter the race. He said if he runs, he wants to give the campaign his whole heart and soul.

""And right now, both are pretty well banged up,"" Biden said. His son Beau, a rising star in the Democratic Party, died of brain cancer in May.

Ahead of her speech, Clinton released a series of memos highlighting her organizational strength in the four early voting states. She campaigned in Iowa last week with Tom Vilsack, the agriculture secretary and former Iowa governor. Vilsack was asked if his endorsement of Clinton, while Biden is considering a run, will make for awkward Cabinet meetings.

""I love Joe Biden — just like we all do. He's a wonderful man,"" Vilsack said. But he said campaigns require difficult choices, and he and his wife are supporting Clinton.

It may already be too late for Biden in the minds of many DNC members, who have backed Clinton by now. Take, for example, Florida committeeman Jon M. Ausman, who said this to Politico in Minneapolis:

By rolling out early endorsements, Clinton is wise to try to make a show of strength now to ward off a Biden run, says Mo Elleithee, executive director of Georgetown University's Institute of Politics and Public Service. Elleithee is also the immediate past DNC communications director and worked for Clinton's 2008 campaign.

""[Biden] will not have oxygen in the room if she has locked people down,"" Elleithee said. ""I think he is probably looking at the field and saying, 'OK, at this late date in the process, can I build the organization? Can I raise the money? And can my message break through?' ""

Asked about Biden, Clinton said she believes the vice president is facing a tough decision, and she wants to give him the space and time to make it. She told reporters in Minneapolis that she's also learned some lessons from her primary loss to President Obama in 2008.

""I got a lot of votes,"" she said, ""but I didn't — I didn't get enough delegates. And, so, I think it's understandable that my focus is going to be on delegates as well as votes this time.""",1
1560,The all-American terror of Donald Trump: Inside the nightmare ideology that’s made him a hero to white fundamentalists,"He has been roundly condemned for these statement by key GOP figureheads like Senator Lindsey Graham, who called him a “xenophobic, race-baiting, religious bigot.” But the GOP should understand Trump’s popularity as a case of their chickens coming home to roost. The modern Republican Party has secured its base by pandering to the worst impulses of white male, working class, and white Christian fundamentalist rage. Only Trump doesn’t use a dogwhistle. He barks. And every time he does the GOP base responds by replenishing his poll numbers.

Although this doesn’t seem like a viable longterm strategy, the short-term effects are important to watch. The responsiveness of the American public to his rhetoric of keeping white people safe reminds us again of the extent to which narratives about white safety drive U.S. social policy particularly on the right. For the cause of white safety much of the American public finds it reasonable to restrict the movement of Muslims both inside and outside of the U.S. But we don’t restrict conservative white men on the grounds that they disproportionately commit mass shootings at public places – churches, schools and colleges, movie theaters, and health care facilities.

Another major effect of Trump’s rhetoric is the increased threat of violence that Muslim Americans face, because a front-running candidate for the presidency is using reckless discourse to substantiate the legitimacy of Islamophobic views. Since the Paris attacks last month there has been a sharp uptick in vandalism and violent rhetoric against mosques in the U.S. and abroad. My Muslim colleagues and friends have described feelings of heightened anxiety and fear as they move through public space and send their children to school. In New York, a young school girl was attacked by classmates who called her “ISIS” and tried to rip off her hijab.

The GOP base is not merely racially ignorant; they are also prone to violence. By Trump’s logic, we should be placing tracking devices on all socially conservative white men who own guns. We should be interrogating the source of these white men’s radical views. We should understand the Church, particularly the conservative evangelical church as a breeding ground for white terrorism. White evangelicalism is the fundamentalist ideological arm of white social conservatism and of white American male terrorism.

The story of 21st century U.S. state violence is not only a story of anti-Blackness. It is also a story of state-sanctioned Islamophobia that uses the tragic terroristic acts of 9/11 as a framework to mistreat Muslim Americans, and other Americans who appear to be of Arab or Middle Eastern descent. (There is no acknowledgement that not all Arabs are Muslims.)

Using the extreme acts of a few to condemn the peaceful lives of the many is a hallmark of the American script of racism. White Americans do this to Black people when they suggest that Black intraracial violence justifies the overpolicing of all Black people. Americans do this to Muslims when we demand that key Islamic religious leaders step forward to quickly condemn the violence, so that we will not mistake lack of censure for allegiance.

Yet, we did not require or expect conservative white male politicians and religious leaders to issue statements after the Planned Parenthood shooting affirming that Christian social values are anti-violent and condemning the actions of the shooter as an egregious mischaracterization of Christian values and principles. We did not ask all white men to feel shame over the actions of the shooter. The myth of white individualism absolves white people of a collective reckoning with the ways that white fundamentalism breeds violence against people of all colors and social backgrounds. This is why we must begin to understand whiteness as a kind of violent fundamentalism, one at the heart of the American project. Fundamentalism is always a struggle over values and an attempt by those who feel marginalized to order the universe through a set of moral absolutes that not-so-coincidentally also concede power to their particular worldview. Donald Trump is not particularly religious, despite his meeting with Black pastors. But he deploys whiteness as ideology with the fundamentalist zeal of the worst kinds of religious zealots and proselytizers. His rhetoric about protecting the U.S.-Mexico border—rhetoric that has been unfortunately taken up by two misguided Black female Trump enthusiasts—is just one more example of the kind of power laden demands for purity that adhere to fundamentalist ideologies. Whiteness as a fundamentalist ideology frames all others as enemies of the project of white supremacy. It authorizes violence against all who divest from the project of whiteness. It uses a narrative of marginalization and the need to regain power (to take America back) to justify aggressive and violent acts towards non-white groups. And it values and seeks to perpetuate whiteness as a way of life. Until we dismantle white fundamentalism, no people of color will be safe. All fundamentalist belief systems view other belief systems in zero-sum terms. Evangelical Christianity believes that the truer it is, the less true every other belief system is. White/American fundamentalism and Islamic fundamentalism also engage each other in zero-sum geopolitical terms. They will be locked into an endlessly violent battle of wills. To make it more plain, on the homefront, white Americans respond so strongly to acts of Islamic terror and with such fear, because they recognize this same capacity for fundamentalist rage in themselves. In a zero-sum battle of fundamentalism, either we are invading their shores or they are invading ours. Game recognize game. But terror and violence are not a game. People of color frequently become casualities of war in these internecine battles of competing fundamentalisms. Reinscribing whiteness and pedaling white fundamentalism as an ideology befitting of the 21st century will cause innumerable harm to all people of color. As a case in point, Trump used the Japanese internment to justify his current ideas about Muslims. And this is perhaps one of the most fundamental lessons that this Black Lives Matter moment can teach us: a nation that is wholly adversarial to Black life is not a nation fit for any non-white lives to inhabit. In America, Islamic fundamentalism is not our biggest threat. White fundamentalism is. And it is long past time for us to do something about it.",1
2192,"Aiming to break ISIS, dollar by dollar","A UN meeting aims to coordinate financial efforts against the Islamic State. It can't deliver a knockout blow, but it can make an impact.

How SNL's 'the bubble' sketch about polarization is all too true

Smoke rises as Iraqi security forces and allied Popular Mobilization Forces shell Islamic State group positions at an oil field outside Beiji, Iraq, 155 miles north of Baghdad last month. The United States and Russia are going after the Islamic State group’s oil industry, destroying refineries and hundreds of tanker trucks transporting oil from eastern Syria in a heavy bombardment in recent days aiming to break the extremists’ biggest source of income.

The finance ministers set to meet at the United Nations can’t put the Islamic State in a financial vise. But they can deliver some critical blows to an organization already showing signs of financial strain.

And for a UN Security Council often at odds, the meeting of its finance ministers next week comes at an opportune moment, when terrorists attacks worldwide have created a sense of shared purpose – even, it seems, between the United States and Russia.

The core of the Islamic State’s wealth is, in many respects, beyond the reach of next week’s meetings, hosted by the US. Only Turkey can shut its borders to the smugglers who carry Islamic State oil and other contraband, and only military force can deprive the group of the territory it uses for extortion and taxation.

But a more coordinated effort at targeting the Islamic State’s finances can pay dividends. The US and others, for example, have used bank reports of suspicious financial transactions to more effectively target locations where the Islamic State is producing and loading oil products.

Ramping up this coordination is akin to “squeezing the balloon” of Islamic State finances – though “not yet hard enough to pop it,” says Matthew Levitt, director of the counterterrorism and intelligence program at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy.

And it is vital to defeating the Islamic State, he says. “Any opportunity to get this level of attention and cooperation on an issue that will be central to destroying ISIS should be seized and built upon.”

Terrorist attacks linked to the Islamic State in Beirut, Paris, and San Bernadino, Calif., appear to have galvanized the international community.

“What is reassuring is how much the nations of the world are taking this threat more and more seriously and working together with greater unity,” said Farhan Haq, a spokesman for UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon, to journalists earlier this week.

Particularly promising are indications the US and Russia “agree that the effort to dry up ISIS funding can and must be toughened up,” says Mr. Levitt, using another acronym for the Islamic State.

Both the US and Russia are pushing for a new council resolution on terror financing and could agree on one text by the Dec. 17 summit.

Already, there are indications that the Islamic State is feeling a financial pinch.

Holding the finance ministers summit at the Security Council underscores the importance world leaders are placing on both terror financing and the coordination of financial, intelligence, and military efforts. The summit will mark the first time that a council session will be chaired by a financial official – US Treasury Secretary Jack Lew.

The finance ministers can work to apply greater scrutiny across the board – from financial transactions that offer crucial clues about the Islamic State economy to money brought into the Islamic State by foreign fighters and donors around the region.

But the summit can only do so much.

Half or more of the Islamic State’s financial resources are generated from taxation or extortion within the territories the group controls in Syria and Iraq. That means that successfully cutting Islamic State funding is directly linked to the international military campaigns aimed at shrinking its territory.

“There are a number of actions that can be taken to reduce the financial streams, but one thing is clear: If you want to deprive ISIS of cash, you deprive it of territory,” says Jonathan Schanzer, vice president for research at the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies in Washington.

Moreover, the Islamic State trafficks much of its oil and antiquities across Turkey’s border with Syria, experts say. The US has been pressing Turkey for months – mostly behind closed doors – to do more, while Russia has been much more public with its accusations.

Next week’s meetings are an opportunity for the international community to get on the same page to tackle some of these bigger funding streams.

“We’re not going to get anywhere on a critical issue like terror financing if it all sinks into a lot of finger-pointing and recriminations,” says Levitt. “If you can get beyond the bickering, then a lot more good can be done if you focus on helping Turkey shut down that border.”",1
231,Why is Paul Ryan miffed about new budget deal?,"The budget deal was crafted by outgoing Speaker John Boehner behind closed doors. Hard-line Republicans don't like that, and neither does Ryan.

Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., right, walks from a meeting on Capitol Hill in Washington, Monday, Oct. 26, 2015. The bipartisan deal announced by House Speaker John Boehner seems to be great for many in Congress, but Ryan has some beef with the proposed budget.

The bipartisan deal announced by House Speaker John Boehner appears to be a win-win-win – for the White House, Republicans, and Democrats.

The two-year pact not only averts a federal debt default next week, but also sidesteps a potential government shutdown in December.

It beefs up both defense and nondefense spending. It heads off deep cuts in Social Security disability payments. And it prevents a significant increase in certain Medicare payments (Part B) for seniors.

So then why is the presumed next speaker, Republican Paul Ryan of Wisconsin, expressing such anger about it? Also, why are political observers rather downcast as well?

Much of it has to do with the way the deal was put together – highly dependent on one man who is leaving the scene and highly reliant on a secretive negotiating process involving only a few key people and their staffs. Such a closed-door process is how Congress has gotten things done for decades. But the hard-line House Freedom Caucus has been demanding a different way – a bottom-up approach, which could actually complicate dealmaking for a future Speaker Ryan.

Political observers have not trumpeted the deal because they see it as a one-off solution, created by Speaker Boehner’s pending exit. That coming departure has freed him up to negotiate directly with Democrats in Congress and with President Obama, unconcerned about another eruption on his right flank from the Freedom Caucus.

“This is not a good sign for the budget process. The only way we got this done is for a speaker to resign. Is that what it's going to take to get a deal the next time?” asks Stan Collender, a federal budget expert in Washington.

As for Representative Ryan, he took issue, at least publicly, with the process surrounding the deal. Legislation for it was filed very late on Monday night, and it will hit the House floor for approval on Wednesday. It’s expected to pass with heavy support from Democrats. Then it will head to the Senate, whose Republican and Democratic leaders were also in on the private negotiations.

“I think the process stinks,” Ryan said Tuesday morning.

“This is not the way to do the people's business,” he said. “We are up against a deadline – that's unfortunate.... As a conference, we should've been meeting months ago to discuss these things to have a unified strategy going forward.”

That should be music to the Freedom Caucus’s ears, and Ryan would need that group’s support as speaker.

The nearly 40 Freedom Caucus members, many of whom came to Congress on the tea party wave of 2010 or after, want to devolve power from the speaker’s office. Their preferred approach would empower committees, and themselves, to a much greater extent.

“Putting together a very complex deal and giving members less than 48 hours to read it, study it, and vote on it with virtually no input – it’s about as bad as the process gets around here,” said Rep. John Fleming (R) of Louisiana, a member of the Freedom Caucus.

Ryan was apparently not involved in the talks. That absolves him from the deal – which has elements of one he negotiated with Democratic Sen. Patty Murray of Washington to resolve a budget crisis just two years ago.

“He wasn’t down there. He wasn’t even invited. He’s been trying to figure out if he’s going to be speaker this week, not if he’s cutting a debt ceiling deal,” said Freedom Caucus founder Rep. Mick Mulvaney (R) of South Carolina, sticking up for Ryan. “We believe him” when he says he’s frustrated by the process.

Representative Mulvaney acknowledges that deals like this, in the end, have to be negotiated by the key players on both sides. It’s not possible for all 247 Republican members to be negotiators. The problem for him was that the chief negotiator was someone who is on his way out – someone whom the right wing had pushed out the door.

Mulvaney and other Freedom Caucus members have big problems with the deal itself, not just how it was put together. They don’t like that it busts budget caps of the 2011 Budget Control Act by $80 billion, even as it raises the current $1.8 trillion debt ceiling.

“That’s two strikes, and there are plenty of other third strikes in there,” said Rep. Tim Huelskamp (R) of Kansas, another Freedom Caucus member. One of them is a change that he says would “destroy” crop insurance, of vital interest to his state.

The budget increases are being offset by cuts elsewhere, including small-scale reforms to Social Security and Medicare – long sought by Republicans. But Representative Huelskamp is skeptical about whether those reforms will ever pay off, while Mulvaney says Boehner is “merely moving the deck chairs.”

Some observers say that even by “cleaning out the barn” for his successor, Boehner hasn’t really made it easier on Ryan. The Freedom Caucus is even angrier at how this deal was handled, and it will insist that Ryan not follow such secret, last-minute negotiating.

“The Freedom Caucus will not make it any easier for Paul Ryan to make similar concessions once he is in power,” writes Julian Zelizer, a historian at Princeton University, in an e-mail to the Monitor. ""Without the crisis atmosphere that results from budgetary differences, there will in many ways be more room for the parties to fight over issues.""

“Paul is going to be in better shape than he would have been because a lot of the overly contentious issues will be off the table,” says Rep. Peter King (R) of New York, a moderate, in an interview. “He’ll be able to actually start working toward governing as opposed to going from crisis to crisis.”",1
4396,Obamacare Enrollees Anxiously Await Supreme Court Decision That Threatens Their Coverage,"“I’ve got my six-month, regular cancer checkup in June, and so I’m saying I hope they don’t come out with any kind of decision, just in case it’s bad news, until after,” Hines said. “You always get nervous, usually a day before or day of, going for a checkup. But I think I started a little more on the worrying ahead of time.”

Hines, 59, has been relying on health insurance purchased through the Affordable Care Act marketplaces to help cover the costs of those checkups. But she has the misfortune of residing in a state, Virginia, where the federal government is operating that marketplace. Because of that, she could end up losing her tax subsidy to help purchase coverage right at the time her health takes a dive for the worse.

The Supreme Court will issue a ruling this month on a lawsuit engineered by conservative activists alleging that a brief phrase in the law -- “exchange established by the state” -- means subsidies can only be provided to individuals residing in states that set up their own health insurance exchanges. Should the justices side with Obamacare's critics, Hines would be one of an estimated 6.4 million people in 34 states whose subsidies will disappear. Many will be forced to drop their health insurance because of heightened cost.

For someone like Hines, who has had breast cancer three times, most recently in 2009, this presents a Hobson's choice. She considers health care coverage essential and must get screenings twice a year to ensure her cancer doesn't come back. But she has little money to afford insurance on her own. A former public relations professional, she’s devoted her life to caring for her ailing, octogenarian mother, and currently works part-time as an educator at the aquarium near her home in Virginia Beach. Her low income qualifies Hines for a subsidy that cuts the price she pays by about half, to $200 a month.

“I could probably manage another year,” Hines said when asked if she could afford the coverage without the subsidy. She would have to draw down more of her retirement savings to pay for health care. But doesn’t have enough money to hold on to health insurance until she turns 65 and becomes eligible for Medicare, she said.

Hines was one of six people the Huffington Post featured in a report this March on the case surrounding Obamacare's subsidies. At the time, the Supreme Court was hearing oral arguments on the case and the prospect of those subsidies potentially disappearing was becoming less abstract for those in states with federally run exchanges. The clock is ticking even louder now. And so, we decided to catch up with those we interviewed to see how their circumstances, health and mental well-being has changed.

Lucas had an aortic aneurysm in 2010, so he has to keep monitoring his heart condition. Even though his most recent tests came up clean in May, Lucas knows the computed tomography (CT) scan he needs as part of his checkup every two years would cost him $11,000 without insurance, instead of $50 now. He also knows his prescriptions would run to $2,600 every three months rather than $65 with insurance. Lucas, who is self-employed, earns $25,000 to $30,000 a year, he said.

Lucas might be shielded from the ramifications of a ruling against the subsidy if Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf (D) persuades the GOP-majority state legislature to go along with his proposal to set up a state-run exchange. But as Lucas takes stock of the court decision to come, he's struck by what he sees as dramatically misplaced priorities among lawmakers in Washington.

“Billions of dollars in corporate welfare to oil companies and whatnot, you know, and that’s not a problem for them, but I’m a person who gets $2,400 a year in subsidies to help pay for my insurance -- and I pay almost three times that much in taxes, so it’s not like I’m taking them on the negative side,” Lucas said.

Blitz turns 33 on Monday. Since birth, he has dealt with aortic valve stenosis, meaning he has a heart valve that is too narrow. He recently received good news from his cardiologist that he can delay an expensive major operation he thought he’d need this year. But he will have to undergo a less serious procedure at a later date.

All this would be difficult to handle on its own. But it's compounded by the problems Blitz has had in navigating the health care law. He ended up with a plan he doesn't recall picking. He lost his subsidy of $30 a month even though his income level should qualify him for some tax credit. And he assumed that his home state would get rid of all Obamacare exchanges entirely if the court ruled against the subsidies (in fact, state Republicans have passed a bill saying that Arizona won't set up a state exchange. The federal one will remain regardless).

Were he to ultimately lose the subsidy, Blitz would figure out a way to pay for his insurance. He calls himself ""fortunate"" in that regard, compared to those who don't have savings to dip into or expenses to cut or friends to rely on. But Blitz's fortune -- if you want to call it that -- comes at a cost, and it underscores how the damage from a Supreme Court ruling for the plaintiffs extends beyond those who currently receive tax credits.

Without the subsidies, most of the low- and moderate-income people using the health insurance exchanges will exit the exchanges, leaving those with the greatest health care needs -- people like Blitz with medical conditions -- as an increasing share of the market. Because people with greater medical needs generate more medical bills, that would increase expenses for insurance companies, forcing them to increase premiums. Those higher premiums, in turn, would lead more people to drop coverage. In the industry, they call this a “death spiral.”",1
1615,Clinton’s Iowa dilemma,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
3154,Mormon Church Backs LGBT Protection,"In a landmark move, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints announced Tuesday that it is changing its posture toward gays. The church has decided to support anti-discrimination legislation for gays and lesbians in the realm of housing and employment. The church also announced that it it comes with the condition that no one can be forced to perform actions if he or she has religious objections. One example, a doctor who refuses to artificially inseminate a lesbian couple. Utah is facing two bills that protections for each group. Political watchers in the state have noted that both measures would be likely to pass if the LDS Church got behind it.

“When religious people are publicly intimidated, retaliated against, forced from employment or made to suffer personal loss because they have raised their voice in the public square, donated to a cause, or participated in an election, our democracy is the loser,” said Elder Dallin Oaks, a member of the church’s Quorum of Twelve Apostles. “Such tactics are every bit as wrong as denying access to employment, housing, or public services because of race or gender.”

However, this month, the church was in hot water for planning to excommunicate a prominent critic of its same-sex marriage stance for the apostasy.

",1
3516,Islamic State claims responsibility for the Brussels attacks,"Islamic State suicide bombers brought terror, chaos and bloodshed to the city at the heart of European unity on ­Tuesday, detonating their nail-spewing bombs at an airport ­departures hall and on a subway train in attacks that left at least 31 people dead and prompted authorities to launch an intensive manhunt for at least one suspected accomplice.

The wanted man accompanied two of the bombers to the airport, along with luggage heaving with explosives. Authorities were also hunting for a suspected Belgian bombmaker who trained in Syria with the Islamic State and later sneaked back into Europe. On Wednesday, Belgian state broadcaster RTBF identified two of the attackers who targeted Brussels as brothers Khalid and Brahim Bakraoui.

Tuesday’s mass killings add this city to an ignominious but growing list of European capitals that have been struck in the past year by deadly attacks either perpetrated or inspired by the Islamic State, including Paris and Copenhagen.

Authorities had been bracing for an attack in Belgium for months as the country has struggled to stem a tide of homegrown extremism and as the Islamic State has repeatedly threatened to hit Europe in its core.

But when the attacks finally came, the magnitude was stunning. The day’s violence represented the worst on Belgian soil since World War II.

“What we had feared has happened,” said Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel. “This is a black moment for our country.”

[‘People who died weren’t whole anymore. They were in pieces.’]

The apparently coordinated explosions created a renewed sense of threat that spilled far beyond Brussels, as authorities boosted police patrols in cities such as Paris, London and Washington.

The targets appeared to have been chosen for their symbolic value and for their ease of access.

The attackers first struck

 with twin bombings at the international airport, where early-

morning travelers were preparing to board flights linking Brussels to cities across the continent and around the world. An hour later, a subway car transiting beneath the modernist glass-and-steel high-rises that house the European Union burst with smoke and flame.

In addition to the dead, about 250 people were injured, Belgian officials said.

Many of the injured lost limbs as shrapnel from the blasts radiated through packed crowds. Cellphone video recorded in the minutes after the airport blasts showed children cowering on a bloody floor amid the maimed and the dead. Footage from a subway station revealed desperate scenes as people dressed for a day’s work stumbled from the mangled wreckage into a smoke-drenched tunnel.

Authorities acknowledged that they had been readying for an attack. But nothing like this, they said.

“We never could have imagined something of this scale,” Interior Minister Jan Jambon told Belgian television station RTL.

And even as the country tried to recover from the trauma of Tuesday’s strikes, there was evidence that more could be on the way.

[How the Brussels attacks could force Obama to betray his policy instincts]

The man being sought by police accompanied two of the bombers to the airport, according to a senior Belgian official who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive details of the case. The taxi driver who transported them said they were hauling particularly heavy luggage that investigators believe was packed with explosives.

At an apartment in the Schaerbeek area of Brussels, investigators later found explosive devices loaded with nails and chemicals, along with an Islamic State flag, the Belgian federal prosecutor’s office said in a statement.

“It was exactly the same type of bomb as at the airport,” the senior official said.

Belgian police released surveillance images of three men pushing luggage carts at Brussels Airport. The prosecutor’s office said two of them — dressed in black with black gloves on their left hands, probably to conceal detonators — had blown themselves up. But the third, dressed in white, was on the loose. His identity was unknown, and despite a nationwide hunt — with heavily armed officers combing the streets and checkpoints at Belgian borders snarling traffic for miles — the suspect remained at large Tuesday night.

Across the continent, authorities were also hunting 24-year-old Najim Laachraoui, a suspected Islamic State bombmaker, according to two European security officials.

Laachraoui, a Belgian who was born in Morocco and raised in the Schaerbeek neighborhood, is believed to have trained in Syria and then returned to Europe. His DNA was found on one of the explosives belts from November’s Paris attacks, and he is thought to have traveled at one point with Salah Abdeslam, the only surviving suspect believed to have played a direct role in the Paris massacre.

Tuesday’s attacks came only four days after Belgian counterterrorism authorities cheered the arrest of Abdeslam, 26, who was the most wanted man in Europe for the past four months. Abdeslam was discovered hiding in a Brussels apartment building in the Molenbeek neighborhood, near the center of the city. After the raid, officials said they had uncovered a web of suspects much broader than they previously imagined.

Within hours of Tuesday’s assault, the Islamic State asserted responsibility for the attacks, according to a statement posted on the Amaq Agency, a website believed to be close to the extremist group. The message said Belgium was targeted because of its participation in an international coalition battling the group in Syria and Iraq. U.S. and European security officials said they believed the claim to be credible.

The latest bloodshed made clear that European capitals remain perilously vulnerable despite attempts to dismantle the militant network that perpetrated the worst terrorist attack in Paris in generations last November.

In Washington, State Department spokesman John Kirby said U.S. citizens were among the injured, but he would not say how many. No Americans are known to have died in the attacks, although that information may change, he said. The State Department also issued an alert on traveling in Europe, urging Americans to avoid crowded places and to exercise caution during religious holidays and at large festivals or events.

Europe has struggled mightily with spillover from the churning conflict in Syria. Thousands of European citizens have traveled there to fight in a war that has become a focal point for jihadists around the world. Many have returned to Europe radicalized. Europe has vowed to confront them.

[Why is Brussels under attack?]

“We are at war,” said French Prime Minister Manuel Valls. “We have been subjected for the last few months in Europe to acts of war.”

In Havana, at the end of a landmark trip, President Obama urged “the world to unite” to fight terrorism, and he pledged to “do whatever is necessary” to aid the investigation in Belgium.

The assaults brought Brussels to a virtual standstill. The subway and the airport were closed — the latter will remain so on Wednesday — and Belgian leaders warned residents to stay indoors. Foreign governments, including Britain, issued advisories warning against travel to the Belgian capital.

In France — where 130 people died Nov. 13 in attacks on a stadium, a music club and restaurants — Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said that an additional 1,600 police officers were deployed and that security was boosted at border posts and major transportation hubs.

On social media, an image soon appeared: a figure draped in the colors of the French flag embracing another tearful figure in the black, yellow and red of Belgium’s banner.

At a news conference in Jordan, the E.U.’s foreign policy chief, Federica Mogherini, choked back tears after learning of the Brussels attacks.

Belgium, a nation riven by ethnic rivalries among French, Dutch and German speakers, has struggled to address radicalization in its cities. A complex patchwork of security and police agencies is responsible for keeping an eye on potential threats. Many of them view one another as rivals rather than as colleagues.

Still, security analysts said attacks on unsecured, high-traffic targets such as subway stations are extremely hard to defend against — even when authorities are focused on foiling such plots.

“This is a kind of scenario every capital in Europe feared since the November attacks last year. A mixture of foreign fighters coming back with experience, local sympathizers on the other hand,” said Rik Coolsaet, a terrorism expert at Ghent University who has advised the Belgian government on how to fight radicalization. “You have such a large number of soft targets, and you cannot secure all of them.”

Birnbaum reported from Moscow. James McAuley and Anthony Faiola in Brussels, Daniela Deane and Karla Adam in London, and Brian Murphy, Carol Morello and Matt Zapotosky in Washington contributed to this report.

Live updates on the death toll, attack scenes and reactions around the world

Why is Brussels under attack?

At NATO headquarters, alert status raised just miles from attacks

Today’s coverage from Post correspondents around the world",1
1150,"Cruz dares Trump to sue him over abortion ad, vows to run it 'more frequently'","Ted Cruz is daring Donald Trump to sue him over an ad running in South Carolina that questions his record on abortion, rejecting the billionaire businessman’s complaints and vowing instead to run the ad “more frequently” because voters “deserve to know the truth.""

""You have been threatening frivolous lawsuits for your entire adult life,"" Cruz said Wednesday. ""Even in the annals of frivolous lawsuits, this takes the cake.""

The Cruz campaign adamantly defended the ad after the Trump campaign sent a cease-and-desist letter demanding the campaign stop running it. Trump earlier this week also threatened to sue the Canada-born Cruz over his eligibility to run if he does not “take down his false ads and retract his lies.”

Their feud has only escalated since then, with Trump regularly calling Cruz a liar – and the Texas senator now ridiculing Trump over his lawsuit threat.

At a press conference in South Carolina on Wednesday, Cruz read from the cease-and-desist letter, calling it “one of the most remarkable letters I have ever read,” and challenged Trump to go through with his threatened suit.

Cruz, who graduated from Harvard Law School and previously worked as Texas's top lawyer, said he would like to take Trump's deposition himself and that a lawsuit against the ad has no chance.

The ad in question features footage of Trump in a 1999 interview saying he’s “very pro-choice.” The ad makes reference to the current debate over the vacancy at the Supreme Court and says, “We cannot trust Donald Trump with these serious decisions.”

Trump's attorney sent Cruz a letter on Tuesday saying the ad was ""replete with outright lies, false, defamatory and destructive statements"" and Cruz could be held liable for damages if it's not taken down.

In its own letter, the Cruz campaign called the threats “laughable” and said: “Are you seriously suggesting that the voter should not be allowed to hear what Mr. Trump has said or know what Mr. Trump has done?”

Trump, though, stood his ground and reiterated that he is now pro-life.

“I have been clear about my position on this issue for years. … If I want to bring a lawsuit it would be legitimate. Likewise, if I want to bring the lawsuit regarding Senator Cruz being a natural born Canadian I will do so. Time will tell, Teddy,” he said in a statement Wednesday.

Cruz is also feuding with Florida Sen. Marco Rubio over alleged dirty tricks leading up to Saturday’s South Carolina GOP primary.

Cruz on Wednesday denied being involved with anything untoward and called for anyone with evidence to come forward.

Rubio was asked Wednesday to come up with evidence that Cruz's team was behind a fake Facebook page wrongly claiming that U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy had switched his endorsement from the Florida senator to Cruz.

""It's just a pattern of people around his campaign that have continuously done things like that,"" Rubio said.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3094,Charleston Church Holds First Service Since Shootings,"""We ask that everything be done with dignity. There will be no backpacks, fanny packs or cameras. This is for security purposes,"" a man doing crowd control at the church told the swarm of people assembled near the door.

Church members were given priority among a crowd that included mostly visitors and press. Women were allowed in first in a show of chivalry but also for security. ""We will be checking pocketbooks,"" announced one usher.

Before long, the organist began playing ""Amazing Grace"" followed by ""What a Friend We Have in Jesus"". The choir, dressed in all white began the service, by singing ""Total Praise"", a gospel song that brought the crowd to its feet.

""We are reminded this morning of the freshness of death. It comes like a thief in the night,"" said Norvel Goff, reverend and presiding elder of the African Methodist Episcopal district that includes Emanuel. Goff called congregants to the altar to pray. ""Many of our hearts are still broken. Many of us are still shedding tears. But we must take our burdens to the Lord and leave them there.""

Goff continued, ""As we try to make sense of nonsense, pray for our children. We pray that God will give us the clarity of thought to share with them what God has shared with us.""

One man erupted in tears on the way back to his seat repeating over and over, ""This is just an unthinkable tragedy. Help us, God.""

Calvary preaches many things, including the inevitable rapture, the second coming of Jesus, and the “monogamous marriage between male and female as the foundation of the family.” The majority of the few dozen in attendance on Sunday were white.

“This is what anger and hate against the church looks like,” Pastor Richard Perea said of the killings. “The liberal media must now care about church in a way they have not before.”

Sunday’s sermon focused mostly on Bible study, going line-by-line through Biblical verses much in the same way ""The Beautiful 9"" at Emanuel did before alleged mass murderer Dylann Roof turned a gun on them.

“I don’t think it has anything to do with religion, not at all,” Ashworth said, adding that in this time of tragedy, more people need to pray.

“It was obviously a race issue in his heart,” Perea told HuffPost. “But why he went into a church versus down in the street, in my opinion, is something that was demonically influenced.”

“After everything that’s happened in the past week, coming to church means that God is still sovereign,” Brooks said. “He still gives us this freedom to come and not be afraid even when people are prejudiced with hate in their heart.”

When service was over at Emanuel A.M.E., parishioners were greeted by a sea of support from members of the community. Some people handed out bottles of water and cookies to churchgoers as they left the building. Others just shared kind words and hugs.

Jack Logan, 52, the founder of a Put Down the Guns Now, a nonprofit based in South Carolina that is dedicated to reducing gun violence among young people, said he attended the service at Emanuel A.M.E. for that feeling of connection.

 

 “This was a tragedy for South Carolina, and America,” Logan said. “I wanted to come down here, show love and take part in this great church service today.”

Another visitor, 28-year-old Ryan Shepard, a court clerk, drove to Charleston from Atlanta just to be at Emanuel’s first church service since Wednesday’s tragedy.

 

 “I think we’re in an important point in American history as it relates to race relations and facing some of the darker chapters of our nation’s past that we haven’t reconciled,” Shepard said. “I wanted to be present and a part of this mourning process, to witness and support the community here.”",1
3926,"Rolling Stone debacle shows how hard, and needed, sex assault reporting is (+video)","Many sexual assault activists worry that fallout from the Rolling Stone story will put a chill on the coverage of sex crimes. But transparency and thoroughness in reporting can lead to better outcomes, media experts and others say.

Rolling Stone is pledging to review its editorial practices after a leading journalism school issued a blistering critique of how it reported and edited a discredited article about an alleged gang rape at the University of Virginia.

The report from the Columbia Journalism School on the discredited Rolling Stone article about an alleged campus rape at the University of Virginia reads like a treatise on how not to conduct journalism. ""The [journalistic] failure encompassed reporting, editing, editorial supervision and fact-checking,"" says the Columbia report, which was commissioned by Rolling Stone.

As fallout from the story continues (on Monday, the fraternity at the heart of the discredited rape allegations announced plans to pursue legal action against Rolling Stone), many sexual-assault activists worry that it will put a chill on the coverage of sex crimes – journalism that activists say is crucial to bringing rape out of the shadows and addressing it.

""I think the worst-case scenario would be that journalists don’t want to cover this topic,"" says Tracy Cox, communications director for the National Sexual Violence Resource Center (NSVRC).

But the authors of the Columbia report itself say they hope their critique of the Rolling Stone story is taken as a lesson to reporters and editors about how to do better, rather than as a discouragement to journalists against wading into such a fraught topic.

Ms. Cox and media experts urge reporters to take the time needed to gather an array of facts and talk to a range of individuals. And they emphasize the importance of transparency – which includes disclosures about what reporters don't know and why. Also, no matter how sensitive journalists may be to a source, they can't suspend all skepticism, media observers say.

""It would be a really unfortunate outcome if journalists backed away from doing this kind of reporting as a result of this highly visible failure, because this is important work. And it’s hard work,"" said Steve Coll, dean of the Columbia Journalism School and one of the authors of the report, in a press conference Monday. ""This kind of reporting environment, this kind of subject – it’s a new frontier for serious accountability journalism.... This is an area where we have got to have a conversation amongst ourselves about how to get better.""

The Columbia report cites numerous instances where appropriate journalistic procedures should have raised red flags with the Rolling Stone story. A prime example: Editors should have insisted that reporter Sabrina Rubin Erdely contact the three friends whom ""Jackie"" said she met with after the alleged rape.

""We want [journalists] to see that despite the complexities and difficulties [in reporting about sexual assault, it] can be done well, can be done accurately, and can have widespread positive impacts,"" Cox says. ""Through their reporting, they’re telling victims' stories. They can help to contribute to widespread societal change.""

Cox and media experts agree that there are many ways reporters can step into the murky territory of sexual-assault reporting – where reporters may be relying on non-adjudicated testimony and trying to find a delicate balance between being sympathetic to someone dealing with trauma while still exercising due diligence – and still avoid the mistakes that Rolling Stone made. The NSVRC has worked with the Poynter Institute in St. Petersburg, Fla., which teaches writing and media ethics, to develop a free online course for journalists who write about sexual assault.

""If a story isn’t quite where it needs to be, it’s OK to hold it and flush out those facts and do more interviews,"" says Cox. ""It’s better to have the right story than go with something that’s wrong and in the end causes more harm than good.""

One major problem with Ms. Erdely's story, note the authors of the Columbia report, may simply have been the way she approached it initially – her determination to find an illustrative example that corroborated the story she wanted to tell, and her decision to go with the one that seemed the most lurid and shocking, even though other, more verifiable accounts existed.

""When journalists write stories, they usually start looking for one or two things when looking for examples or anecdotes. One of the things we look for is the thing that represents a larger reality. You can’t just pick out the easiest one to report,"" says Roy Peter Clark, vice president and senior scholar at Poynter. Reporting about something like campus rape, or how institutions respond, may indeed call for occasional anecdotes to illustrate the story, he adds, but ""I think it also calls for tools now available to us like data analysis.""

The Columbia report also talks about the problem with the reliance on pseudonyms – something Rolling Stone did for ""Jackie"" as well as the three friends and the date who she claimed instigated the gang rape.

""Pseudonyms are inherently undesirable in journalism. They introduce fiction and ask readers to trust that this is the only instance in which a publication is inventing details at its discretion,"" says the report, which goes on to suggest that Rolling Stone consider banning them or allowing them only in very rare instances.

""There’s this tremendous tension now between anonymity and verifiability. And this particular example of journalism malpractice has made it a lot harder,"" Mr. Clark says.

Clark isn't convinced that granting automatic anonymity to sexual assault victims – which many media outlets routinely do – is a best practice, either for journalism or for addressing sexual assault.

""Are you going to try to humanize [the victim] by giving her or him a false name? Are you doing that to protect their privacy? If you do that, will you be tempted to change other details to create a disguise that protects the person?"" he asks. ""All these moves we make to protect the vulnerable are a kind of form of the journalistic equivalent of witness protection, but they’re also a gateway drug for fabrication or exaggeration.""

Cox at the NSVRC disagrees, noting that privacy is a huge issue for many victims and a reason they may not come forward, and that some fear for their safety. ""I don’t think abolishing all pseudonyms is the answer. I think you have to do it on a case-by-case basis,"" she says.

Ultimately, media observers say, a lot of the Rolling Stone problems can be avoided with proper transparency.

In certain cases, it may be impossible for some details to be corroborated – but when that's the case, the lack of corroboration should be made clear, the Columbia report says.

""Transparency is a more important virtue than ever in journalism,"" says Clark. ""I think there was so little transparency in the Rolling Stone story that it should be a harsh reminder of what happens when we’re unwilling to tell our readers what we know, how we know it, and even more importantly, what we don’t know. And why we don’t know it.""",1
477,"Walmart Gives 500,000 Workers A Raise","WASHINGTON -- In a move that could alter the minimum wage debate and improve the image of the world's largest retailer, Walmart announced it will raise the baseline wage of its current store employees to $10 per hour, bringing pay hikes to an estimated 500,000 workers.

The company said in an announcement on Thursday that it would raise its wage floor to $9 in April, followed by a second boost to $10 by next February.

The decision follows similar moves by other major retailers such as Gap and IKEA, but the sheer size of Walmart sets the company apart. The Arkansas-based retailer is the largest private-sector employer in the U.S., with an estimated 1.4 million employees, and it is largely seen as a trend-setter in the retail industry.

""Overall, these are strategic investments in our people to reignite the sense of ownership they have in our stores,"" McMillon said. ""As a result, we firmly believe that our customers will benefit from a better store experience, which can drive higher sales and returns for our shareholders over time.

""Right now we want to make sure everybody is crystal clear [on] how vital our store experience is for our future,"" McMillon added in a later CNBC interview. ""Customers need to be served, and associates need to be happy and love their job.""

According to a Walmart spokesman, the new wage floors will apply to current employees. New hires next year will be earning at least $9, but will be bumped up to at least $10 per hour after roughly six months of training.

In the CNBC interview, McMillon suggested that the improving U.S. economy -- with unemployment falling recently to 5.7 percent from a peak of 10 percent after the recession -- was also pressuring Walmart to raise wages.

""It's great to see the job market getting better, and the market works, so we're adjusting to that market,"" he said.

Walmart has long been saddled with a reputation as a low-wage employer, and its battles with labor unions -- in particular the United Food and Commercial Workers union -- stretch back decades. In recent years, labor groups have organized high-profile worker strikes to coincide with the company's Black Friday shopping events, pillorying the retailer over its pay practices.

The across-the-board pay hikes should help rehabilitate that image. They will probably also help Walmart improve customer service in its stores. Over the past two years, bare shelves in Walmart supercenters have become a common sight. A report from a research firm last year traced the troubles in part to a lack of investment in the company's labor.

""We know that this wouldn't have happen[ed] without our work to stand together with hundreds of thousands of supporters to change the country's largest employer,” Emily Wells, an OUR Walmart member, said in a statement Thursday from the group. Wells said she's currently earning $9.50 per hour and will now see a raise, though she added that workers still face erratic scheduling.

A $10 wage would still leave many workers and their families below the poverty line, but it's well above the $7.25 federal minimum wage that still prevails in states without a higher one.

The fact that Walmart is raising its base wage could help lawmakers in Congress in their push to raise the federal wage floor, which hasn't been raised since 2009. Democrats have proposed hiking it to $10.10 per hour and tying it to an inflation index, but Republicans in both chambers have blocked the measure from moving forward.

""It is encouraging that the nation’s largest employer, Walmart, has recognized what Republicans in Congress fail to acknowledge: that $7.25 is significantly too low an hourly wage for any American worker,"" said Drew Hammill, spokesman for House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.). ""We hope that this move will help convince Republicans to stop blocking efforts to raise the wage.""

With Congress gridlocked, many states have moved ahead with raises to their own minimum wages, with a slate of ballot measures passing in the November elections. For the first time ever, a majority of states now have a higher minimum wage than the federal level.",1
4858,An open letter to the Commission on Presidential Debates: Bring on instant replay!,"As you gentlemen undoubtedly know, Week 1 of the 2016 NFL season concluded with its usual and unusual fanfare: roaring crowds, jammed parking lots, overserved fans, heartfelt renditions of “The Star Spangled Banner” (with some players kneeling, others raising their fists and an entire team locking arms) and several exciting games decided by just one point.

While each contest this past weekend had its own series of questionable plays, viewers were at least assured a baseline sense of accuracy and “truth” in the outcome. That’s because there’s a system in place to examine and confirm every score, turnover or controversial play. The NFL has tweaked its instant-replay rules over the years in an effort to offer a sense of transparency to fans, casual fantasy players and big-time bettors following the action in Vegas. Although there probably always will be some plays that will generate partisan debate, the NFL has basically brought “fact-checking” into its games through the use of instant replay.

Doesn’t the most important contest in the country deserve the same treatment? After working in Silicon Valley for the past decade, I have learned that digital technology can take democracy to a new level. Today facts, videos, photos and public documents are all readily available online for anyone to see. When presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump appeared on last week’s prime-time forum with NBC’s Matt Lauer, America’s collective BS detector started to sound — loudly.

Almost immediately, the electorate and the media began to question whether the moderators of the upcoming presidential debates can hold the candidates to a basic standard of truth.

Therefore, since the future of our country and the world is at stake, I propose that the Commission on Presidential Debates change course and reform a clearly antiquated debate system and bring it into the information age. Specifically, I urge you, as heads of the commission, to leverage the technology built in this country by immigrants and the children of immigrants to perform real-time fact-checking on stage during the debates.

Here is my proposal: During the first presidential debate on Sept. 26, the moderator, NBC’s Lester Holt, should go about his business as usual, sitting in front of the candidates and posing questions — but be joined by a team of fact-checkers from Factcheck.org, a project run by the nonpartisan Annenberg Public Policy Center (itself part of Donald Trump’s alma mater, the University of Pennsylvania). Just like in professional football games, each side would be given two challenges. The candidates could then use them over the course of the 90-minute debate. If one heard a “lie” during the other’s response, he or she could press a button that would illuminate a red light at his or her podium. Once the other side finished its response, the moderator would allow the candidate who “threw the red flag” to explicitly challenge the statement at issue.

Members of the fact-check team would then go to work to determine the veracity of the answer and relay their findings to the moderator. If the challenger were to be correct, then he or she would still have two challenges and the candidate whose statement was found false, well, would be shown to be a liar in front of the whole country. If, however, the challenge were to be unfounded — and the speaker’s statement is determined to be factually sound — then the challenger would lose one of his or her challenges and be shown as ill-informed.

The candidates wouldn’t be the only ones who could issue a challenge, however. Just like how the NFL automatically reviews plays during the last two minutes of a half, the debate moderator and the fact-checkers could weigh in on any possible mistruths after the closing remarks and make the call without a candidate’s being able to respond.

So careful what you say, Mr. Trump and Secretary Clinton, because under this scenario you would not have the final word — the truth would.

Although it’s no game-show gimmick, this new format would make for riveting political theater and has the potential to bring in more than the 100 million expected debate viewers. Most important, though, those who tune in could expect to hear verifiable facts, even if only on a few nights.

I have bounced this idea off a few colleagues and business leaders and their response has been the same: They love it but it would take way too long! This seemed to be a fair point, so I decided to test it. I took the subject of immigration and the proposed Great Wall of Mexico. I wanted to see what each candidate’s record or position was on securing America’s southern border. Trump has changed and restated his proposed policy of deporting 11 million immigrants in dizzying fashion. During his Fox News discussion with Sean Hannity, his proposal to grant amnesty came back on the table. Yet during his speech days later in Phoenix, it wasn’t. Sourcing these facts required mere microseconds in a YouTube search. It took me 0.75 seconds to find on Google what Secretary Clinton had said during her acceptance speech at the 2016 Democratic National Convention: “We will not build a wall.” A second search that took another 0.54 seconds, however, turned up a Senate roll call vote on Sept. 29, 2006, when then-Senator Clinton voted for what is known as the Secure Fence Act of 2006. This bill authorized the allocation of $7 billion to build and fortify a 700-mile fence across all of Arizona’s border with Mexico, as well parts of those of California, New Mexico and Texas. So basically, this fact-check took about 1.2 seconds of searching and a few more seconds of reading. Given what happened last week at the Commander in Chief Forum hosted by NBC News (my former employer) in front of a live audience of veterans and families of veterans, I decided to focus on the much-scrutinized topics of email servers and Iraq. Secretary Clinton’s assertion that she took her use of the private email server “very seriously” and “did exactly what I should have done” stood somewhat in contradiction to what FBI Director Comey said on July 5, when he clearly observed about Clinton’s staffers, “There is evidence that they were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information.” In other words, if challenged, Secretary Clinton would have lost this round of fact-checking. Trump has claimed that he was against the 2003 invasion of Iraq from the very beginning. In this case, I consulted Factcheck.org, which described a Sept. 11, 2002 appearance by Trump on “The Howard Stern Show” when the host asked Trump if he supported a war with Iraq, and Trump responded, “Yeah, I guess so.” The YouTube video of this segment is like the replay that clearly shows that the ball came out before the knee touched the ground — it doesn’t lie. Working in media and technology, as we do here at Salon, I fully recognize that this concept, like any innovative idea, needs beta-testing. A director at Factcheck.org told me, “Holding candidates accountable for making false statements is an admirable goal, but live fact-checking is a dangerous thing to do.” He cautioned, “I would be wary of it and, in general, use it only if the statement in dispute already has been thoroughly researched and proven clearly false.” That’s a high bar, of course, and perhaps that’s just as well. The 2016 debates are only a couple of weeks away and we have some more work to do to get this concept ready for primetime. But an interim step could be taken immediately. Both CNN and MSNBC have begun using a fact-check crawl at the bottom of the screen during their coverage of speeches. This is a great first step, one we would like to see the commission mandate for all the networks carrying the debates, so that the viewing public could see the record set straight in real time. I am not naive enough to think that these actions would stop the deceptive remarks, but it would certainly make the candidates think twice about it — for once. Note: A phone message left yesterday to the commission was not returned.",1
4381,Gay and lesbian troops will be protected by new Pentagon policy,"WASHINGTON — Defense Secretary Ash Carter announced Tuesday that gay and lesbian troops for the first time will be protected from discrimination by the same equal opportunity policy that protects other servicemembers.

Carter announced the change at the Pentagon's Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Pride event.

The change ensures that gay and lesbian troops' complaints about discrimination based on sexual orientation will be investigated by the Military Equal Opportunity program, the same office that handles complaints based on race, color, religion, sex or national origin.

""Discrimination of any kind has no place in America's armed forces,"" Carter said. The military needs ""to be a meritocracy.""

The Pentagon rescinded its ""don't ask, don't tell"" policy in 2011. Under it, gay and lesbian troops could be kicked out of service if their sexual orientation became known.

""With this policy revision, we are now ensuring that servicemembers are afforded protection against discrimination in the department's military equal opportunity program, provided to all military members,"" said Lt. Cmdr. Nathan Christensen, a Pentagon spokesman.

Previously, gay and lesbian troops were required to register discrimination complaints with inspector general offices.

Carter called diversity critical to developing the troops the Pentagon will need for future battles. Excluding qualified troops, he said, is ""bad defense policy.""

Carter spoke before a standing-room-only crowd of troops from each service, from enlisted personnel to general officers and top civilian officials.

Amanda Simpson, the highest-ranking transgender official at the Pentagon, told the audience she has her Army post not because of her gender but ""because I happen to be the best person to do the job.""

The military still can kick out transgender troops for what it terms health reasons. However, the Army and the Air Force have made that process more difficult by requiring senior civilian officials to approve the discharges. The Williams Institute, a think-tank at the UCLA Law School that concentrates on issues regarding sexual orientation, estimates there are 15,000 transgender troops serving in the military.

A review of military health policies, including the transgender ban, is underway, Christensen said.

""The current periodic review is expected to take between 12-18 months; it is not a specific review of the department's transgender policy,"" Christensen said.

Before dumping the ""don't ask, don't tell"" policy, allowing gays and lesbians to serve openly, the Pentagon conducted a nine-month study on the effect of rescinding it. That effort, led by Army Gen. Carter Ham in 2010, determined that the risks of repeal were low and manageable.

Army Brig. Gen. Randy Taylor, who emceed Tuesday's ceremony, said he had to conceal his sexual orientation for most of his career, which included deployments to Somalia, Haiti, Afghanistan and Iraq. Taylor singled out his husband for his sacrifice, and Carter shook his hand to loud applause.",1
4528,"We must call him a terrorist: Dylann Roof, Fox News and the truth about why language matters","Language can obscure as much as it reveals. It’s important, now more than ever, to be clear, to call things by their proper name; to do otherwise is to risk confusion where none exists. What happened in Charleston was terrorism. Period. And terrorism, whatever else it is, is not senseless; it’s precisely the opposite.

Terror is a tactic, not a cause. This is a crucially important distinction. Terrorists are calculating: they do what they do in order to inspire fear. If Dylann Roof had decided, on a whim, to gun down the first people he encountered – that would be senseless. But Dylann Roof was no nihilist. He believed in something. He was a racist. And he was propelled by specific ideas – about history, about black people, about white supremacy, and about various other cultural mythologies. “You rape our women, and you’re taking over our country, and you have to go,” he remarked just before filling that church and those bodies with holes. These are not the words of a mentally ill person committing a senseless act; they are the cold, clear thoughts of a man on a mission, a man who knows exactly what he’s doing and why he’s doing it. And this is why Dylann Roof is a terrorist.

It’s been troubling to watch the media vacillate in their coverage of this story. Was it a hate crime? Was it terrorism? If there’s clarity about anything at all here, it’s about the motivations of the killer. He’s a terrorist, and he told us so. He wanted to send a message. Was he motivated by hate? Sure. But the act itself was terroristic by any measure.

As many have pointed out, the media is unsure about what constitutes terrorism only when white people are the perpetrators. White men with guns are “lone wolves” or “mentally ill” or depraved criminals. Brown men with bombs are very obviously “terrorists.” This is a double standard with consequences. “Terrorism” is a word that resonates; it inspires urgency and collective action, both of which are needed if we’re to deal with the underlying problems. If white people can’t, by definition, be terrorists, then the term has no practical meaning; it’s about the actor, not the act. If terrorism is something only brown people do, then we should be honest and admit that. We should say that terrorism is about the color of the criminal, not the intent of the crime.

Equivocating about the nature of the crime has an additional consequence: It diminishes the role of ideas. We can think of the human brain as a piece of hardware, and of ideas as software motivating behavior. Rather than focusing on the mental state of the murderer, we should be talking about the ideas that inspired the murders. Dylann Roof believed his country was under assault by black people. He walked into that church and killed those people under the delusion that he was a soldier in a war. The question is why did he think this? Where did he get this idea?

We can’t know for sure, but here’s what we do know: Everyone saw this coming. In 2013, the DHS released a report warning of a growing danger from right-wing extremists. Indeed, officials believed domestic terrorism to be a greater threat than Islamic militants. Echoing this theme, the Southern Poverty Law Center found that domestic hate groups, often under the guise of “patriot groups,” have increased significantly since 2008, the year Obama was elected. I don’t know whether Dylann Roof was an active member of any of these groups, but it’s clear that he believed in and espoused their ideology. These findings ought to have inspired concern from the political and media establishment. However, because of the confusion about what terrorism is and who terrorists are, there was nothing but outrage on the right. House Republican Leader, John Boehner, dismissed the report as “offensive and unacceptable.” Republican Rep. Gus Bilirakis called it “political and ideological profiling.” Conservative commentator Michelle Malkin wrote that it “was one of the most embarrassingly shoddy pieces of propaganda I’d ever read.” These people failed us. They failed, in part, because they were too consumed with foreign enemies to notice the presence of internal ones. They failed because they refused to see what was right in front of their faces. And they failed because they remained blind to the power of ideas, of rhetoric. For years, right-wing demagogues have propagated this myth that the country was under siege by black people and immigrants and communists and radical liberals and so on. Much of the Tea Party movement was motivated by this ideology. Conservative leaders decided, for political reasons, to indulge this, to capitalize on it. Perhaps that was wise as a political strategy, but there are consequences: You whip people into a frenzy for long enough, someone, eventually, is going to cross that line. Dylann Roof crossed that line. He was a homegrown terrorist. And he was the product of a nativist ideology of white supremacy, the flag of which flies still over the state capitol of South Carolina. Perhaps now we can reckon with the roots of this truth. That starts with calling it what it is: racially-motivated terrorism.",1
3986,"2 killed, 8 terror suspects held in France terror raid","Paris, France (CNN) French authorities took the offensive Wednesday, raiding a purported hideout of the suspected ringleader in last week's deadly Paris attacks in an operation that ended with eight detained, two dead and potentially more bloodshed thwarted.

But what about that suspected ringleader, Abdelhamid Abaaoud

At one point, authorities believe he was holed up on the third floor of an apartment building in the northern Paris suburb of Saint-Denis, Paris prosecutor Francois Molins said Wednesday. Whether he was there when scores of heavily armed French police launched their assault at 4:20 a.m. Wednesday (10:20 p.m. ET Tuesday) is unknown.

Some residents in the area told CNN they saw Abaaoud recently in the neighborhood and at a local mosque.

Investigators zeroed in on the building after picking up phone conversations indicating that a relative of Abaaoud might be there. They met fierce resistance from the start, including an armored door, a woman who blew herself up and bullets flying back and forth for about an hour. The French officers even used powerful munitions, which led to one floor of the building collapsing.

That violence produced rubble that included body parts, on which investigators are conducting DNA tests.

French President Francois Hollande held up the vicious back-and-forth as further proof that ""we are at war"" with ISIS.

""What the terrorists were targeting was what France represents. This is what was attacked on the night of November 13,"" he said. ""These barbarians targeted France's diversity. It was the youth of France who were targeted simply because they represent life.""

France had already been part of the U.S.-led coalition fighting ISIS with airstrikes. But the country has stepped up its efforts since the series of shootings and explosions in Paris last week, which killed 129 people.

Now, Hollande has proposed extending France's state of emergency for three more months -- a measure that, among other things, gives authorities greater powers in conducting searches, holding people and dissolving certain groups. To go after the Islamist extremist group, the French President also said he would appeal to world leaders -- including meeting next week with U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin, who have been at odds on what to do in Syria.

""There is no more ... divide. There are only men and women of duty,"" he said. ""We must destroy this army that menaces the entire world, not just some countries.""

'We could see the bullets'

Whoever was inside the Saint-Denis apartment on Wednesday appeared to be ""prepared to act"" in possibly another attack, Molins said, noting their weaponry, structured organization and determination.

Some 110 police swarmed on the diverse, working-class area that is home to the Stade de France sports stadium, where three suicide bombings took place days earlier.

They first went into one apartment that had been under surveillance since Tuesday, a Paris police source said.

Telephone communications on a wiretap by French and Belgian security agencies indicated a woman at the residence was Abaaoud's cousin, a Belgian counterterrorism official told CNN.

That raid led them to another apartment on the same street. Molins described it as a complex operation. For almost an hour, he said, there was uninterrupted gunfire as police tried to get into the apartment.

The violent standoff left residents in the area, already shaken by last week's attacks, startled and scared.

""We could see the bullets,"" a woman, who identified herself only as Sabrine, told CNN affiliate France 2. ""We could feel the building shaking.""

Three people in the Saint-Denis building itself, including one with a bullet wound in the arm, are among the eight detained, according to Molins. The others include the person who loaned the apartment to the suspected terrorists and his friend. Two of the eight held were hospitalized, Interior Ministry spokesman Pierre-Henry Brandet told France Info radio.

Saadana Aymen, a 29-year-old who lives one street down, couldn't believe what was happening in his neighborhood.

""When you think of Saint-Denis, you don't think of terrorists,"" he told CNN. ""I'm shocked! Why would the terrorists pick this neighborhood?""

That wasn't the only place where French authorities fanned out Tuesday night into Wednesday as they worked to find suspects tied to the attacks and cracked down on security.

The Interior Ministry announced 118 searches led to the detention of at least 25 people, the confiscation of 34 weapons and the discovery of illicit drugs in 16 instances. In recent days, hundreds of similar operations have been conducted, the ministry said, resulting in 64 people being held and 118 put under house arrest.

Authorities have not provided details about the arrests or said what connection they could have to Friday's attacks.

Molins said investigators are working to piece together where terrorists were in the days and hours leading up to the attacks -- and with whom they had contact.

They've encountered at least one piece of evidence that could help them in their search: One of the attacker's cell phones was found in a trash bin outside the Bataclan theater, where most of Friday's victims were gunned down.

A message on the phone, according to Molins, said, ""Here we go, it's starting.""

Authorities are trying to determine who the message was sent to, he said.

And they're still trying to determine whether the suspected ringleader in the attack is still on the run, or whether his remains were found in the rubble.",1
1690,Lincoln Chafee Ends His Presidential Campaign,"Former Rhode Island Gov. Lincoln Chafee ended his long-shot presidential bid on Friday.

""As you know, I have been campaigning on a platform of Prosperity Through Peace. But after much thought I have decided to end my campaign for president today,"" Chafee announced at the Democratic National Committee Women's Leadership Forum.

The onetime Republican turned independent turned Democrat is the second candidate to withdraw this week, following former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb's announcement on Tuesday that he was ending his Democratic bid. Webb, however, left open the possibility of running as an independent.

Both Chafee and Webb had barely campaigned, making only a handful of visits to early states. But more so than Webb, Chafee had struggled to make any dent at all in the race.

Chafee had little financial backing for his campaign, raising just $8,300 from 10 major donors during the last quarter. But his few supporters told NPR this week they liked the positive attitude he brought to the race and hoped he would remain in the mix.

The former senator, who hailed from a prominent political family in the Ocean State, had an unremarkable performance in last week's presidential debate. He spoke for just nine minutes during the two-hour faceoff.

Chafee underscored that he had been against the Iraq War from the beginning, a contrast to front-runner Hillary Clinton's controversial 2002 vote. He echoed his anti-war sentiment in his withdrawal announcement on Friday, too.

""The United States of America is so strong militarily, economically and culturally that we can take chances for peace. In fact, as a strong mature world leader, we must take chances for peace. If we have courage, if we take risks, we can have Prosperity through Peace, not just in the United States, but all over the world,"" Chafee said.

At the debate, he also tried to needle Clinton on her and her husband's past scandals, proudly noting that he had never had a whiff of any misdeeds during his decades in office. But when he tried to engage Clinton over her email server and land a blow, she declined to engage.

Chafee's most damaging answer was when he was asked why he voted to repeal banking regulations known as the Glass-Steagall Act. His answer was that he had just gotten to the Senate after his father died (he was appointed to succeed him) and that he was not familiar with the bill, making Chafee come across as even more unprepared.

Even his sparsely attended announcement in June that he was running for the White House was widely panned, having spent much of his time advocating for the U.S. to switch to the metric system.

Chafee, who like his late father, John, served as both senator and governor of Rhode Island, had an interesting life before entering politics, though. After attending an exclusive Northeastern prep school, where he was a classmate of former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, Chafee graduated from Brown University and then headed to Montana State University to learn to be a farrier, someone who shoes horses. For years he traveled around the U.S. working at racetracks.",1
4569,Here Are Some Key People to Watch in 2015,"The former Florida governor and son and brother of presidents, a favorite of the GOP establishment, was the first Republican to move

openly toward a 2016 White House run. The Spanish-speaker has strong ties to Florida’s Hispanic community and could expand the party’s reach into an increasingly diverse U.S. electorate. His access to donors, meanwhile, could shake up financing for Republicans as the race takes form.",1
4237,"Super Tuesday II: Clinton sweeps Florida, Illinois, Ohio and North Carolina; Rubio quits after Trump wins Florida","The Democratic party moved a lot closer to choosing its nominee on Tuesday night. The Republican party moved a little closer to chaos.

Former secretary of state Hillary Clinton has won at least four of the five states where Democrats voted on Tuesday, with victories in Florida, Illinois, Ohio and North Carolina. The race in Missouri against Sen. Bernie Sanders (Vt.) remains too close to call. Clinton’s staff said they expected to increase their lead in the race for Democratic convention delegates by about 300 — requiring Sanders to stage a near-miraculous comeback in the coming states.

“We are moving closer to securing the Democratic party nomination and winning this election in November,” Clinton told supporters in West Palm Beach, Fla. Sounding hoarse, she seemed to be offering an olive branch to Sanders — who, so far, has shown little inclination to get out of a race that has given him an unprecedented national following. “I want to congratulate Senator Sanders for the vigorous campaign he’s waging,” Clinton said, giving it a try anyway. She has now won 15 states, as compared with nine wins for Sanders.

On the Republican side, GOP front-runner Donald Trump won a key contest in Florida — a lopsided victory on the home turf of rival Sen. Marco Rubio, which caused Rubio to declare he was suspending his campaign. That brought Trump all of Florida’s 99 Republican delegates, the biggest prize awarded in any state so far. Trump has also been projected as the winner in Illinois and North Carolina, two states with 141 delegates between them. But, because those are not “winner-take-all” states, Trump will likely have to split some of those 141 with other candidates. The GOP race in Missouri remains too close to call.

But Trump was denied a victory in another key winner-take-all state, Ohio, which was won by its own sitting governor, John Kasich. That victory doesn’t make Kasich a likely nominee: he has now won a grand total of one state. But, without Ohio’s 66 delegates, Trump now faces a difficult path to reach the majority of delegates he needs to avoid a “contested” GOP convention, in which no candidate enters with a majority of delegates locked up. In that chaotic situation — not seen in the GOP since 1976 — delegates could choose one of the candidates who ran, or someone else entirely. If their choice is not Trump, the party may have to face strong anger from his supporters, or even a third-party candidacy from Trump himself.

Trump spoke to supporters at his Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach, Fla., where he savored his victory over Rubio in Florida, despite a barrage of anti-Trump advertising. “Nobody has ever — ever, in the history of politics — received the kind of negative advertising that I have…vicious, horrible,” Trump said. But then, he said: “You explain it to me, because I can’t: my numbers went up.” He told supporters that he’d seen anti-Trump commercials during a broadcast of a golf tournament from Trump’s own club, and tried to distract attendees at the tournament from watching.

Trump repeated his promise to bring the Republican party together: “We have to bring our party together. We have to bring it together. We have something happening that actually makes the Republican party probably the biggest political story anywhere in the world.”

But he also, more than before, seemed to show signs of fatigue at the long grind of a campaign. Trump spoke of missing his youngest son, Baron, while he’s been out on the trail: “Baron. I never see my Baron,” Trump said. “He said, ‘When are you going to come home, Daddy? When are you coming home?’”

Trump’s top rival, in terms of delegates, is Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.) — who has won no states so far, though he is running neck-and-neck with Trump in returns from Missouri. Before the outcome in Missouri was known, Cruz spoke to supporters in Houston, and essentially declared that Kasich — even on his best night of the campaign — would be a non-factor from here on out.

“Only two campaigns have a plausible path to the nomination, ours and Donald Trump’s,” Cruz said. “Nobody else has any mathematical possibility whatsoever.” He praised Rubio at length, trying to win over Rubio’s supporters — and the “#nevertrump” crowd that had coalesced around Rubio. “We welcome you to our teams, we welcome you with open and welcoming arms,” Cruz said. That, in itself, was an amazing moment and a sign of how Trump has reshaped the Republican landscape this year.

A year ago, the idea that Cruz — the despised figure who led Republicans into an ill-fated effort to stop “Obamacare” and triggered a government shutdown instead — might be the best choice for the GOP establishment would have been too strange to be funny.

[Kasich wins Ohio with an eye toward a contested convention]

Kasich’s win in Ohio was celebrated by GOP operatives who launched a last-ditch campaign to thwart Trump’s march to the nomination.

“You’re not the nominee until you get 1,237 delegates, and I don’t see how Trump gets there,” said Katie Packer, the strategist helping lead Our Principles PAC, which has spent nearly $13 million on a barrage of hard-hitting ads attacking the billionaire real estate developer. “Our goal was always to deprive him of Ohio and Florida, and the fact that we got halfway, we consider a win for the American people and the Republican party and certainly us.”

Kasich has largely abstained from attacking Trump so far, but on Tuesday night – with the race narrowing, and his position improving – Kasich took a brief swipe at the front-runner. “I will not take the low road to the highest office in the land,” Kasich said. He took a remarkably different tone than the bombastic front-runner, who focuses on international trade and business deals. Kasich told his audience to make the world better in smaller ways, working harder at their jobs, and being kind to neighbors. At times, he did not seem to be speaking about a political campaign at all.

“We’re all part of a giant mosaic. A snapshot in time. All of us here,” Kasich said, saying that every person in the audience had a purpose from God. “Our job…is to dig down and understand that purpose, and never underestimate our ability to change the world in which we live.”

[Rubio’s demise marks the last gasp of the Republican reboot]

Rubio, a first-term senator, had launched his campaign with a message of youth and optimism — but was unable to escape his support for a 2013 effort at immigration reform, which many conservatives believed was too lenient on undocumented immigrants. And he was unable to escape Trump, who hectored him as “Little Marco,” a tool of big donors.

“After tonight, it is clear that — while we are on the right side — this year we will not be on the winning side,” Rubio said on Tuesday.

Rubio eventually fired back, trying to fight on Trump’s level with insults about the front-runner’s tan and his fingers. He also called Trump a “con artist” for his involvement in a “university” that many students said defrauded them. But Rubio undercut his own message by saying that he would still vote for Trump, were he the nominee.

That odd, mismatched strategy seemed to turn off voters: his poll numbers declined sharply. He won just one state, Minnesota, along with Puerto Rico and the District of Columbia. Rubio, oddly, mocked the District of Columbia by name in his speech.

“There’s nothing more you could have done,” Rubio said, speaking in the concourse of a Florida arena – he had rented the whole thing, but the crowd was so small that he only needed a hallway. “America’s in the middle of a real political storm. A real tsunami. And we should have seen this coming.”

Even in defeat, however, Rubio could not escape Trump. A heckler shouted out “Trump for President!” The crowd booed, but Rubio shushed them. “Don’t worry, he won’t get beat up at our event,” he said, referring to alleged assaults of protesters at Trump events.

[Rubio was lifted by 2010 wave. But he was swamped by the ‘tsunami’ of 2016.]

In early exit polls reported by ABC News, Democratic primary voters had a split view of the two candidates: they tended to see Clinton as far more electable — but see Sanders as more honest. By a roughly 2 to 1 margin, Democratic voters said Clinton had a better chance than Sanders of beating Trump in a general election matchup across Ohio, North Carolina, Florida, Illinois and Missouri.

But roughly 8 in 10 said Sanders was honest and trustworthy, compared with about 6 in 10 for Clinton. Sanders has dominated among honesty-focused voters all year while Clinton has won those focused on electability by a wide margin.

According to those same early exit polls reported, large majorities of Democrats in Tuesday’s primaries would be satisfied with either Clinton or Sanders winning the Democratic nomination. At least 7 in 10 voters across primary voting states would be satisfied with each candidate becoming the party’s nominee, with slightly more satisfied with Clinton than Sanders.

Among Republican primary voters, by contrast, preliminary exit polls showed unusual hesitancy about the prospect of Trump as the nominee. Across all of Tuesday’s states, a little more than half of GOP voters said they would be satisfied with Trump as the Republican nominee against Clinton, according to early exit polls from ABC News.

Just under 4 in 10 Republican voters across Tuesday’s contests said they would consider a third-party candidate if Trump and Clinton were the nominees. Looking specifically at non-Trump supporters, ABC reported 6 in 10 would consider backing a third-party candidate if Trump became the party’s nominee.

Separately, it was clear from exit polls that the majority of Tuesday’s GOP voters supported Trump’s proposal temporarily to ban foreign Muslims from entering the United States. In all, 66 percent agreed with that idea, according to exit polls reported by ABC News.

Trump scored an early win Tuesday morning, swamping the tiny vote in a Republican caucus held in the Northern Mariana Islands, according to a tweet from the executive director of the GOP in the U.S. territory.

The win earned Trump nine delegates, only a tiny sliver of the 367 delegates at stake Tuesday. But should the chaotic Republican race lead to a contested national convention in July, the win could prove important because of arcane party rules that require candidates to have won a majority of delegates in at least eight states or territories. The win was Trump’s eighth of the nominating season.

Voting ran relatively smoothly across the country, although a frightening incident interrupted one Cleveland voting location, where police said a poll worker was arrested after pulling a gun during a verbal dispute with fellow workers.

A spokeswoman for the Cleveland Police Department said Alan Bethea, 45, faced multiple charges. Police say he pulled a .380 handgun from his backpack during the argument. No one was injured.

Ahead of Tuesday’s vote, Missouri officials had estimated 34.1 percent of voters would take part in the primary, nearing 2008’s record turnout of 36 percent. News reports in other parts of the country also reported lines in hotly contested races.

In North Carolina, where a controversial new voter identification law was in use for the first time, voting rights advocates were on alert for problems. A spokeswoman for the North Carolina State Board of Elections said late in the day that primaries were running smoothly.

In Ohio, some voters appreciated the job Kasich has done as governor.

“He’s done a great job for Ohio,” said Lauri Gillet, 42, a civil engineer who voted for Kasich in Westerville, the governor’s home town. “He’s the best of both worlds, from a business standpoint and a politics standpoint. And Ohio’s doing great. There’s been a ton of growth in the oil and gas industry.”

Hundreds of thousands of ballots were already cast in early voting in Florida. Turnout was light in the early morning at a polling place near the airport in Miami. But the voters who showed up sounded passionate about their choices.

Luis Joaquin Alonso, 79, said he voted for Trump, citing concerns about the deficit and the desire for someone to take on the political establishment.

“I love this country,” he said, adding that Trump does, too, and that’s why he is running.

“This guy has got plenty of money. He doesn’t need [more] money,” Alonso said.

[Early voting: Nearly 2 million people have already voted in Florida]

Florida’s primary is closed, meaning that independents, who have sided with Sanders in large numbers in other states, could not participate. The state is also home to large numbers of seniors, who have gravitated far more heavily toward Clinton elsewhere.

In Miami, Luis Caldera, 61, said he voted for Clinton. He called her “the best option” and said her experience and his familiarity with her career set her apart.

In Youngstown, Ohio, Dave Williams, 52, cast a ballot for Sanders, deeming the Vermont senator better for working people.

“I lost my house when the stock market crashed. That was before the government was doing anything to keep people in their homes. And I’ve gone from a house since then to an apartment,” said Williams, a member of cement finishers local 179. “I’m an angry voter, how ’bout that? I’m angry about the way the country is working for the blue-collar worker. Hillary gets a big, fat zero on that.”

[How Bernie Sanders is hijacking the Democratic Party to be elected as an independent]

While out for breakfast Tuesday morning in downtown Chicago, Sanders predicted he could have a good night if larger numbers of voters take part in the contests — setting up a long nomination battle in states that are even friendlier to his campaign.

“I think that if there is a large voter turnout, we are going to do just great here in Illinois, in Missouri, Ohio, and hopefully North Carolina and Florida,” Sanders said during a stop at Lou Mitchell’s, a Chicago institution. “In the states that are coming down the pike, we have great opportunities to win many of them, so we are feeling really good.”

Sanders was accompanied by Cook County Commissioner Jesus “Chuy” Garcia, who ran unsuccessfully for mayor against Rahm Emanuel last year. Part of Sanders’s strategy in Illinois has been mobilizing those disappointed with the tenure of Emanuel, a Clinton ally whose approval ratings have dropped to all-time lows.

In North Carolina, Clinton campaigned at a polling place in Southeast Raleigh Magnet High School around midday on Tuesday, greeting supporters with hugs and selfies.

She warned that her supporters might see public polling that shows her with leads in many of the states voting Tuesday and conclude that they don’t need to vote, which her campaign believes might have contributed to her unexpected loss to Sanders in Michigan last week.

“Sometimes the reporting of polls, some might say: well, my candidate is doing so well, I don’t need to come out,” Clinton said. “But everybody should come out. There’s so much at stake in this election.”

Clinton has been eager to pivot her campaign to confront Trump more directly. But asked Tuesday if she was concerned that a protracted primary fight with Sanders would impede Democrats’ ability to wage a general-election fight against the GOP nominee, she declined to encourage Sanders to leave the race.

“He has a right to run his campaign in any way that he chooses, and I’m proud of the campaign we’ve run,” Clinton said.

Trump’s rhetoric drove some voters Clinton’s way in the Democratic contest. Tonya Massenburg, 53, voted for Clinton in Raleigh because she is primarily concerned about “violence” and “racism” in the country right now — and less concerned about Sanders, about whom she said she knows very little.

“I just hope that North Carolina pulled through for Hillary Clinton,” she said. “Because of the way this country is headed, it’s not very good.”

Also Tuesday, Clinton announced that she has been endorsed by the mother of Michael Brown, the teenager whose 2014 shooting by police in Ferguson, Mo., brought more attention to officer-involved slayings of unarmed black men.

The endorsement came as Clinton has appeared to lose ground to Sanders in Missouri, with the most recent poll showing an effective tie.

“When I lost my son, I lost my world. ‘Big Mike’ was a big boy, but he was my baby boy, my only child, and his life was brutally taken from me,” Lezley McSpadden wrote in her endorsement statement.

“This election season, we are at battle for the soul of our nation,” McSpadden said. “If we want to continue to build on the progress made by our country, we need a president who is ready to lead — and I trust Hillary Clinton.”

McSpadden was among a group of African-American mothers who met privately with Clinton last year, and Clinton has made the mothers’ stories a regular part of her political speeches, as she talks about the need for criminal justice reform and better gun control.

Helderman and Fahrenthold reported from Washington. Sean Sullivan and Ed O’Keefe in Miami, David Weigel in Youngstown, John Wagner in Chicago, Abby Phillip in Raleigh, and Scott Clement, Anne Gearan and Matea Gold in Washington also contributed.",1
3353,Hillary Clinton to turn over private email server to Justice,"Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton agreed to turn over her private email server to authorities on Tuesday, the same day an intelligence community inspector general told congressional committees that at least five emails from the server did contain classified information.

The decision to hand over the server, as well as a thumb drive of all her work-related emails to the Justice Department, represents an effort to blunt an expanding probe into her use of a private email account.

Clinton, now the Democratic presidential front-runner, ""directed her team to give her email server that was used during her tenure as (secretary of state) to the Department of Justice, as well as a thumb drive containing copies of her emails already provided to the State Department,"" her spokesman, Nick Merrill, told CNN early Tuesday evening. ""She pledged to cooperate with the government's security inquiry, and if there are more questions, we will continue to address them.""

After conceding the presidency to Trump in a phone call earlier, Clinton addresses supporters and campaign workers in New York on Wednesday, November 9. Her defeat marked a stunning end to a campaign that appeared poised to make her the first woman elected US president.

Clinton addresses a campaign rally in Cleveland on November 6, two days before Election Day. She went on to lose Ohio -- and the election -- to her Republican opponent, Donald Trump.

Clinton addresses a campaign rally in Cleveland on November 6, two days before Election Day. She went on to lose Ohio -- and the election -- to her Republican opponent, Donald Trump.

Clinton arrives at a 9/11 commemoration ceremony in New York on September 11. Clinton, who was diagnosed with pneumonia two days before, left early after feeling ill. A video appeared to show her stumble as Secret Service agents helped her into a van.

Obama hugs Clinton after he gave a speech at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia. The president said Clinton was ready to be commander in chief. ""For four years, I had a front-row seat to her intelligence, her judgment and her discipline,"" he said, referring to her stint as his secretary of state.

Obama hugs Clinton after he gave a speech at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia. The president said Clinton was ready to be commander in chief. ""For four years, I had a front-row seat to her intelligence, her judgment and her discipline,"" he said, referring to her stint as his secretary of state.

After Clinton became the Democratic Party's presumptive nominee, this photo was posted to her official Twitter account. ""To every little girl who dreams big: Yes, you can be anything you want -- even president,"" Clinton said. ""Tonight is for you.""

After Clinton became the Democratic Party's presumptive nominee, this photo was posted to her official Twitter account. ""To every little girl who dreams big: Yes, you can be anything you want -- even president,"" Clinton said. ""Tonight is for you.""

Clinton walks on her stage with her family after winning the New York primary in April.

Clinton walks on her stage with her family after winning the New York primary in April.

U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders shares a lighthearted moment with Clinton during a Democratic presidential debate in October 2015. It came after Sanders gave his take on the Clinton email scandal. ""The American people are sick and tired of hearing about the damn emails,"" Sanders said. ""Enough of the emails. Let's talk about the real issues facing the United States of America.""

U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders shares a lighthearted moment with Clinton during a Democratic presidential debate in October 2015. It came after Sanders gave his take on the Clinton email scandal. ""The American people are sick and tired of hearing about the damn emails,"" Sanders said. ""Enough of the emails. Let's talk about the real issues facing the United States of America.""

Clinton testifies about the Benghazi attack during a House committee meeting in October 2015. ""I would imagine I have thought more about what happened than all of you put together,"" she said during the 11-hour hearing. ""I have lost more sleep than all of you put together. I have been wracking my brain about what more could have been done or should have been done."" Months earlier, Clinton had acknowledged a ""systemic breakdown"" as cited by an Accountability Review Board, and she said that her department was taking additional steps to increase security at U.S. diplomatic facilities.

Clinton testifies about the Benghazi attack during a House committee meeting in October 2015. ""I would imagine I have thought more about what happened than all of you put together,"" she said during the 11-hour hearing. ""I have lost more sleep than all of you put together. I have been wracking my brain about what more could have been done or should have been done."" Months earlier, Clinton had acknowledged a ""systemic breakdown"" as cited by an Accountability Review Board, and she said that her department was taking additional steps to increase security at U.S. diplomatic facilities.

Clinton ducks after a woman threw a shoe at her while she was delivering remarks at a recycling trade conference in Las Vegas in 2014.

Clinton ducks after a woman threw a shoe at her while she was delivering remarks at a recycling trade conference in Las Vegas in 2014.

Obama and Clinton bow during the transfer-of-remains ceremony marking the return of four Americans, including U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens, who were killed in Benghazi, Libya, in September 2012.

Obama and Clinton bow during the transfer-of-remains ceremony marking the return of four Americans, including U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens, who were killed in Benghazi, Libya, in September 2012.

Clinton arrives for a group photo before a forum with the Gulf Cooperation Council in March 2012. The forum was held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.

Clinton arrives for a group photo before a forum with the Gulf Cooperation Council in March 2012. The forum was held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.

Clinton checks her Blackberry inside a military plane after leaving Malta in October 2011. In 2015, The New York Times reported that Clinton exclusively used a personal email account during her time as secretary of state. The account, fed through its own server, raises security and preservation concerns. Clinton later said she used a private domain out of ""convenience,"" but admits in retrospect ""it would have been better"" to use multiple emails.

Clinton checks her Blackberry inside a military plane after leaving Malta in October 2011. In 2015, The New York Times reported that Clinton exclusively used a personal email account during her time as secretary of state. The account, fed through its own server, raises security and preservation concerns. Clinton later said she used a private domain out of ""convenience,"" but admits in retrospect ""it would have been better"" to use multiple emails.

In this photo provided by the White House, Obama, Clinton, Biden and other members of the national security team receive an update on the mission against Osama bin Laden in May 2011.

In this photo provided by the White House, Obama, Clinton, Biden and other members of the national security team receive an update on the mission against Osama bin Laden in May 2011.

Obama is flanked by Clinton and Vice President-elect Joe Biden at a news conference in Chicago in December 2008. He had designated Clinton to be his secretary of state.

Obama is flanked by Clinton and Vice President-elect Joe Biden at a news conference in Chicago in December 2008. He had designated Clinton to be his secretary of state.

Obama and Clinton talk on the plane on their way to a rally in Unity, New Hampshire, in June 2008. She had recently ended her presidential campaign and endorsed Obama.

Obama and Clinton talk on the plane on their way to a rally in Unity, New Hampshire, in June 2008. She had recently ended her presidential campaign and endorsed Obama.

Clinton and another presidential hopeful, U.S. Sen. Barack Obama, applaud at the start of a Democratic debate in 2007.

Clinton and another presidential hopeful, U.S. Sen. Barack Obama, applaud at the start of a Democratic debate in 2007.

Clinton announces in February 2000 that she will seek the U.S. Senate seat in New York. She was elected later that year.

Clinton announces in February 2000 that she will seek the U.S. Senate seat in New York. She was elected later that year.

President Clinton makes a statement at the White House in December 1998, thanking members of Congress who voted against his impeachment. The Senate trial ended with an acquittal in February 1999.

President Clinton makes a statement at the White House in December 1998, thanking members of Congress who voted against his impeachment. The Senate trial ended with an acquittal in February 1999.

The first family walks with their dog, Buddy, as they leave the White House for a vacation in August 1998.

The first family walks with their dog, Buddy, as they leave the White House for a vacation in August 1998.

Clinton looks on as her husband discusses the Monica Lewinsky scandal in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on January 26, 1998. Clinton declared, ""I did not have sexual relations with that woman."" In August of that year, Clinton testified before a grand jury and admitted to having ""inappropriate intimate contact"" with Lewinsky, but he said it did not constitute sexual relations because they had not had intercourse. He was impeached in December on charges of perjury and obstruction of justice.

Clinton looks on as her husband discusses the Monica Lewinsky scandal in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on January 26, 1998. Clinton declared, ""I did not have sexual relations with that woman."" In August of that year, Clinton testified before a grand jury and admitted to having ""inappropriate intimate contact"" with Lewinsky, but he said it did not constitute sexual relations because they had not had intercourse. He was impeached in December on charges of perjury and obstruction of justice.

The Clintons dance on a beach in the U.S. Virgin Islands in January 1998. Later that month, Bill Clinton was accused of having a sexual relationship with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky.

The Clintons dance on a beach in the U.S. Virgin Islands in January 1998. Later that month, Bill Clinton was accused of having a sexual relationship with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky.

The first lady holds up a Grammy Award, which she won for her audiobook ""It Takes a Village"" in 1997.

The first lady holds up a Grammy Award, which she won for her audiobook ""It Takes a Village"" in 1997.

The Clintons hug as Bill is sworn in for a second term as President.

The Clintons hug as Bill is sworn in for a second term as President.

Clinton waves to the media in January 1996 as she arrives for an appearance before a grand jury in Washington. The first lady was subpoenaed to testify as a witness in the investigation of the Whitewater land deal in Arkansas. The Clintons' business investment was investigated, but ultimately they were cleared of any wrongdoing.

Clinton waves to the media in January 1996 as she arrives for an appearance before a grand jury in Washington. The first lady was subpoenaed to testify as a witness in the investigation of the Whitewater land deal in Arkansas. The Clintons' business investment was investigated, but ultimately they were cleared of any wrongdoing.

During the 1992 presidential campaign, Clinton jokes with her husband's running mate, Al Gore, and Gore's wife, Tipper, aboard a campaign bus.

During the 1992 presidential campaign, Clinton jokes with her husband's running mate, Al Gore, and Gore's wife, Tipper, aboard a campaign bus.

In June 1992, Clinton uses a sewing machine designed to eliminate back and wrist strain. She had just given a speech at a convention of the International Ladies' Garment Workers Union.

In June 1992, Clinton uses a sewing machine designed to eliminate back and wrist strain. She had just given a speech at a convention of the International Ladies' Garment Workers Union.

Bill Clinton comforts his wife on the set of ""60 Minutes"" after a stage light broke loose from the ceiling and knocked her down in January 1992.

Bill Clinton comforts his wife on the set of ""60 Minutes"" after a stage light broke loose from the ceiling and knocked her down in January 1992.

The Clintons celebrate Bill's inauguration in Little Rock, Arkansas, in 1991. He was governor from 1983 to 1992, when he was elected President.

The Clintons celebrate Bill's inauguration in Little Rock, Arkansas, in 1991. He was governor from 1983 to 1992, when he was elected President.

Arkansas' first lady, now using the name Hillary Rodham Clinton, wears her inaugural ball gown in 1985.

Arkansas' first lady, now using the name Hillary Rodham Clinton, wears her inaugural ball gown in 1985.

In 1975, Rodham married Bill Clinton, whom she met at Yale Law School. He became the governor of Arkansas in 1978. In 1980, the couple had a daughter, Chelsea.

In 1975, Rodham married Bill Clinton, whom she met at Yale Law School. He became the governor of Arkansas in 1978. In 1980, the couple had a daughter, Chelsea.

Rodham was a lawyer on the House Judiciary Committee, whose work led to impeachment charges against President Richard Nixon in 1974.

Rodham was a lawyer on the House Judiciary Committee, whose work led to impeachment charges against President Richard Nixon in 1974.

Before marrying Bill Clinton, she was Hillary Rodham. Here she attends Wellesley College in Massachusetts. Her commencement speech at Wellesley's graduation ceremony in 1969 attracted national attention. After graduating, she attended Yale Law School.

Before marrying Bill Clinton, she was Hillary Rodham. Here she attends Wellesley College in Massachusetts. Her commencement speech at Wellesley's graduation ceremony in 1969 attracted national attention. After graduating, she attended Yale Law School.

Hillary Clinton accepts the Democratic Party's nomination for president at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia on July 28. The former first lady, U.S. senator and secretary of state was the first woman to lead the presidential ticket of a major political party.

Hillary Clinton accepts the Democratic Party's nomination for president at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia on July 28. The former first lady, U.S. senator and secretary of state was the first woman to lead the presidential ticket of a major political party.

Merrill said in the meantime, Clinton's team ""has worked with the State Department to ensure her emails are stored in a safe and secure manner.""

The FBI, which is handling the matter, declined to comment Tuesday evening. David E. Kendall, Clinton's lawyer, did not immediately return messages seeking comment.

A senior Clinton campaign aide said the server hadn't yet changed hands as of Tuesday evening and Clinton's team is working with the Justice Department to arrange the logistics of the handover. The thumb drive, meanwhile, has been turned over. And Kendall, the aide said, has followed State Department guidance on safekeeping.

Clinton's campaign believes there are no emails from her State Department tenure on the server, since it was wiped clean after she turned over her work-related emails to the State Department, the aide said.

The aide said it's the Clinton campaign's understanding that the Justice Department isn't looking to reconstruct the server's history, but is instead concerned about the security of the emails today, since some are now classified, though they weren't classified or labeled as such at the time.

For Clinton, the move -- which Republicans like House Speaker John Boehner have urged for months -- indicates her campaign sees a growing risk in the issue of her use of a private email server, which has stoked concerns about her trustworthiness.

""It's about time,"" Boehner said in a statement Tuesday night.

Since news broke in March of her use of a personal email address on a server kept in her Chappaqua, New York, home, Clinton has insisted that she's turned over all of her work-related emails to the State Department and deleted all others -- but wouldn't turn over her server to the government.

Clinton has been dogged by poll numbers showing that more Americans, by a margin of about 20 percentage points, say she's not trustworthy rather than trustworthy. A late July CNN/ORC poll found that 58% of all registered voters say it is extremely important that the next president be honest and trustworthy.

Rep. Trey Gowdy, who chairs the House Select Committee on Benghazi and has pushed for Clinton's emails for months, claimed credit for her decision to turn over the server.

""The revelation that Secretary Clinton exclusively used private email for official public business, and the multitude of issues that emanated from her decision, including this most recent one, demonstrates what can happen when Congress and those equally committed to exposing the truth, doggedly pursue facts and follow them,"" he said in a statement.

Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, said Clinton waited ""a long time"" before turning the server over.

""That's a long time for top secret classified information to be held by an unauthorized person outside of an approved, secure government facility,"" he said in a statement. ""I look forward to the FBI answering my questions so the American people can be assured that everything has been done to protect our national security interests and hold accountable anyone who broke the rules.""

Still, it's clear the GOP won't stop hitting Clinton on the campaign trail, accusing her of secrecy over her decision to wait five months to turn over the server.

Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said in a statement Tuesday night that releasing the server does little to answer questions about Clinton's honesty.

""If Hillary Clinton believed in honesty and transparency, she would have turned over her secret server months ago to an independent arbiter, not as a last resort and to the Obama Justice Department,"" he said. ""Of course, if she really cares about transparency, she would never have had a secret server in the first place.""

Clinton's decision to hand over the server comes as the intelligence community's inspector general now says at least five emails stored on Clinton's server contained classified information. The documents were from a ""limited sampling"" of her emails and among those 40 reviewed, said the inspector general, Charles McCullough III.

On Tuesday, McCullough sent four of the emails to chairs of several congressional committees. In a cover letter, he said two of the four emails included information that has now been classified up to top secret.

One of the five emails has since been declassified because it was no longer time-sensitive. The intelligence community maintains the remaining two contained classified material, but is deferring to the State Department on whether they should be identified as such.

McCullough said in the past that ""none of the emails we reviewed had classification or dissemination markings,"" but that some ""should have been handled as classified, appropriately marked, and transmitted via a secure network."" The State Department has told McCullough that ""there are potentially hundreds of classified emails within the approximately 30,000 provided by former Secretary Clinton.""

Republicans shared exclusively with CNN Tuesday a review of those emails that the State Department had released, which they said showed Clinton and her aides sent information that would later be classified to six people's private email addresses. They include former Deputy Secretary of State Bill Burns; Cheryl Mills, who was Clinton's chief of staff at the State Department; and Jake Sullivan, who served as Clinton's top foreign policy adviser. Clinton also emailed information that would later be classified to close confidant Sidney Blumenthal, whose communications with Clinton about Libya have become a focus of the House committee investigating the 2012 Benghazi attacks.

""The fact that classified information was sent to and from Hillary Clinton to at least six separate individuals and potentially many more demonstrates just how big of a risk her decision to use a secret server poses to our national security,"" Republican National Committee research director Raj Shah told CNN.

The probe into Clinton's email practices has now expanded to include some of her top aides as part of a larger investigation on the use of private email accounts by previous secretaries of state. The Republican chairmen of three Senate committees -- intelligence, homeland security and foreign relations -- sent a joint request in March for both inspectors general to investigate the personal emails of Clinton's aides.

""We will follow the facts wherever they lead, to include former aides and associates, as appropriate,"" said Douglas Welty, a spokesman for the State Department's inspector general.

In a July 17 letter to the State Department, Steve A. Linick, the State Department inspector general, said his office is reviewing ""the use of personal communications hardware and software by five secretaries of state and their immediate staffs."" The Office of the Intelligence Community Inspector General is assisting in the review.

One of the emails containing since-classified information was released to the public, prompting the intelligence community to ask the FBI to investigate the possible compromise of classified material. The State Department now has a team of analysts from the intelligence community to review Clinton's emails before any more are released to the public.

Of the two top-secret emails sent to Congress on Tuesday, State Department spokesman John Kirby said they have not been released to the public and the department is ""taking steps to ensure the information is protected and stored appropriately"" while the determination was made.

""Department employees circulated these emails on unclassified systems in 2009 and 2011, and ultimately some were forwarded to Secretary Clinton,"" Kirby said. ""They were not marked as classified.""",1
2308,Barney Frank Powerfully Disproves Ben Carson's Comments On Homosexuality,"Barney Frank became a spokesman for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality as the country's first congressman to voluntarily come out, and in a conversation with HuffPost Live, Frank had strong words about comments by Ben Carson, who recently stated on CNN that being gay is ""absolutely"" a choice.

The former Massachusetts Congressman, who has a new memoir out titled Frank, referenced troublesome mentalities like Ben Carson's as he described to host Alyona Minkovski the struggle of being a young teen who knew he wanted to go into politics but also knew ""people hated gay people.""

""For those like Ben Carson, who just announced that it was a choice, I do want to say at 14 I did not choose to be a member of what I thought was the most hated group in America. That was not a typical teenage reaction at the time,"" Frank said Tuesday.

Presidential hopeful Carson has since apologized for his comments, which cited prison as an example to back his claims. In an e-mailed statement to reporters, Carson wrote: “I do not pretend to know how every individual came to their sexual orientation. I regret that my words to express that concept were hurtful and divisive. For that I apologize unreservedly to all that were offended,” TIME reported.

Sign up here for Live Today, HuffPost Live's new morning email that will let you know the newsmakers, celebrities and politicians joining us that day and give you the best clips from the day before!",1
2658,How Workplace Injuries Are Adding To Income Inequality,"WASHINGTON -- There are no shortage of culprits in the national debate over rising income inequality, but President Barack Obama's Labor Department would like to add one more to the list: on-the-job injuries.

In a new report issued Wednesday, Labor Department officials argue that workplace injuries and illnesses, coupled with an inadequate worker compensation system, are contributing to the gap between rich and poor in the U.S.

According to the Labor Department, roughly 4 million serious injuries and illnesses are reported by employers each year, though the true tally is likely much higher. Workers who suffer a serious injury earn an estimated 15 percent less, or $31,000 on average, over the ensuing decade.

""These injuries force thousands of working families out of the middle class and block many low-wage workers from getting ahead,"" David Michaels, head of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, told The Huffington Post. ""The studies all show that the majority of workers who get hurt never get any workers compensation, and they have to pick up the cost themselves. The workers who do [get workers comp] are never fully compensated.""

According to the report, ""Adding Inequality to Injury: The Costs of Failing to Protect Workers on the Job,"" state laws and court rulings have made it harder for injured workers to recoup money, with workers compensation now covering only an estimated 21 percent of lost wages and medical bills due to injury or illness. The rest of the tab falls onto workers, their health insurers and taxpayers in general.

While ""inadequate for the average worker,"" the system tends to be even less generous toward low-wage workers, according to the report. Immigrant workers, in particular, may be unaware of their rights, have a limited grasp of English or simply be afraid to report their injuries for fear of losing their jobs. As a result, many don't even file claims.

According to the Labor Department, less than 40 percent of workers who are eligible to apply for workers compensation following an injury actually apply for it.

Structural changes in the labor force have made workers more likely to get hurt on the job, Michaels said. He pointed to the prevalence of temp workers in warehousing and manufacturing, as well as ""independent contractors"" in the construction industry.

Temp workers have typically been on the job a shorter period of time and undergone less training, making them more vulnerable to injury than permanent workers. And when workers are misclassified as self-employed independent contractors, companies dodge the liabilities that would typically come with an injury, giving them less motivation to ensure a safe workplace.

""When the worker is misclassified, they'll never see workers compensation and they won't get unemployment insurance. They really pay a very significant cost,"" Michaels said. ""And if an employer isn't concerned [with liabilities], they have very little incentive to prevent those injuries.""",1
5025,Obama says Trump 'unfit' for presidency,"Washington (CNN) President Barack Obama offered one of his sharpest denunciations of Donald Trump to date Tuesday, declaring the Republican nominee entirely unfit to serve as president and lambasting Republicans for sticking by their nominee.

The strong rebuke in the White House East Room came after Trump's criticism of the family of a slain Muslim US soldier, along with comments that displayed apparent confusion related to the Russian incursion into Ukraine.

""The Republican nominee is unfit to serve as president,"" Obama said at a White House news conference with the Prime Minister of Singapore. ""He keeps on proving it.""

The Trump campaign responded by going after the Democratic nominee as well as the President.

""Hillary Clinton has proven herself unfit to serve in any government office,"" a Trump statement said, listing a number of policy concerns. ""Obama-Clinton have single-handedly destabilized the Middle East, handed Iraq, Libya and Syria to ISIS, and allowed our personnel to be slaughtered at Benghazi.""

Later Trump in an interview with WJLA said of Obama: ""He's a terrible president. He'll probably go down as the worst president in the history of our country. He's been a total disaster.""

Obama on Tuesday described his feelings about Trump as unprecedented, recalling disagreements with previous GOP presidential nominees Sen. John McCain and Mitt Romney -- but never an outright sense they were unfit to serve.

""The notion that he would attack a Gold Star family that made such extraordinary sacrifices on behalf of our country, the fact that he doesn't appear to have basic knowledge of critical issues in Europe, the Middle East, in Asia, means that he's woefully unprepared to do this job,"" Obama said.

Speaking alongside Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong in the White House East Room, Obama said there are now weekly episodes in which even Republican party leaders distance themselves from Trump.

""There has to be a point at which you say, 'Enough,' "" Obama said.

Obama placed responsibility for Trump's statements squarely on his fellow Republicans, many of whom denounced his statements on the slain soldier's family but didn't withdraw their support.

""What does this say about your party that this is your standard-bearer?"" Obama asked of GOP leaders. ""This isn't a situation where you have an episodic gaffe. This is daily and weekly where they are distancing themselves from statements he's making. There has to be a point at which you say, 'This is not somebody I can support for president of the United States, even if he purports to be a member of my party.' ""

Obama said that denunciations from Republicans of Trump's remarks ""ring hollow"" without an accompanying withdrawal of support.

""I don't doubt their sincerity. I don't doubt they were outraged by some of the statements that Mr. Trump and his supporters made about the Khan family,"" Obama said. ""But there has to come a point in which you say, 'Somebody who makes those kinds of statements doesn't have the judgment, the temperament, the understanding to occupy the most powerful position in the world.' ""

Trump and the family of the slain soldier have been locked in an increasingly bitter dispute over Muslims in America and the nature of patriotic sacrifice.

After Khizir Khan, who lost his son in a suicide bombing in Iraq, declared at last week's Democratic National Convention that Trump had ""sacrificed nothing,"" the Republican nominee claimed he'd been ""viciously attacked"" and questioned why Khan's wife, Ghazala, didn't make her own remarks.

Criticism from Trump's own party came swiftly, including in a lengthy statement from McCain, whom Trump previously derided for having been taken captive in the Vietnam War. But he and other top GOP leaders, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan, made little indication they would withdraw support for the Republican candidate.

Trump has also taken flak for appearing unaware that Russian forces had annexed Crimea in early 2014, saying on ABC's ""This Week"" Sunday that President Vladimir Putin is ""not going into Ukraine."" Later, he argued that the people of Crimea ""would rather be with Russia than where they were"" -- an argument that Putin himself has made in justifying his annexation of the disputed Ukrainian territory.

Trump looks for better Russia ties

And he's maintained his view that fostering better ties to Putin would benefit areas of American foreign policy, including in the fight against ISIS. ""If we could get along with Russia, wouldn't that be a good thing, instead of a bad thing?"" Trump asked Monday during a campaign appearance in Pennsylvania.

Trump also took heat for calling on Russia last week to release deleted emails from Clinton if they had obtained them in a hack of the Democratic National Committee, which US officials have fingered Moscow for.

At the news conference, Obama said the alleged Russian hacking wouldn't necessarily prompt a complete freeze in relations between the the country and the United States.

Noting that the FBI was still investigating the hack, Obama said cybersecurity was just another dispute of many between Putin and himself.

""If in fact Russia engaged in this activity, it's just one on a long list of issues that me and Mr. Putin talk about,"" Obama said. ""I don't think that it wildly swings what is a tough, difficult relationship that we have with Russia right now.""

Obama's administration, through the Justice Department's national security division, continues to investigate the hack. Neither the White House nor the FBI have publicly blamed Russia for the intrusion. But federal officials said there is strong evidence indicating the breach was perpetrated by hackers working on behalf of Russia intelligence.

Trump has brushed off Democratic charges that Putin could be behind the hack in order to tip the US election in his favor, claiming he's never met the Russian leader and doesn't maintain a relationship with him. In statements from only a few years ago, however, Trump said he enjoyed warm ties with Putin.

Obama's remarks Tuesday intensify his patten of inserting himself into the rancorous presidential race. While the President has freely criticized Trump in the year since the businessman entered the race, his denunciations have come faster and harsher in the last several weeks.

At last week's convention, Obama named Trump repeatedly, arguing the candidate was ignorant of facts and intent on dividing the nation. And in June, Obama lit into Trump's response to the mass shooting in Orlando, saying he was peddling a dangerous vision.

The President is expected to play an outsized role on the campaign trail in the coming months as Clinton works to motivate the supporters who helped elect Obama to office twice.",1
4380,Supreme Court declares same-sex couples' 'fundamental right' to marry,"In a decision with profound implications, the Supreme Court asserted that under the US Constitution legal marriage may not be denied to same-sex couples, extending this right to all 50 states.

As yet another general joins Trump's team, what does the pick reveal?

From left, Annie Katz of the University of Michigan, Zaria Cummings of Michigan State University, Spencer Perry of Berkeley, Calif., and Justin Maffett of Dartmouth University, celebrate outside of the Supreme Court in Washington, Friday after the court declared that same-sex couples have a right to marry anywhere in the US.

In a landmark decision, the US Supreme Court on Friday ruled that gay men and lesbians enjoy a fundamental right to marry and that none of the 50 states has the power to defy that constitutional guarantee of freedom and equal protection.

In a 5-to-4 decision, the high court issued the constitutional equivalent of a grand-slam homerun for same-sex couples across the United States.

“The right to marry is a fundamental right inherent in the liberty of the person, and under the Due Process and Equal Protection Clauses of the Fourteenth Amendment couples of the same-sex may not be deprived of that right and that liberty,” Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote in the majority opinion.

“The court now holds that same-sex couples may exercise the fundamental right to marry,” he declared. “No longer may this liberty be denied to them.”

The high court also ruled that in addition to issuing licenses to same-sex couples, all 50 states must recognize the legitimacy of same-sex marriages performed in any other state.

Currently, 37 states recognize same-sex marriages, while 13 states had maintained the traditional definition of marriage as a union between one man and one woman.

The high court decision represents a major advance for civil and equal rights for the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) community. It marks the continued emergence of that community from its closeted, second-class existence for much of human history. And it establishes a firm legal foundation upon which gay rights advocates will push for broader freedoms, equality, and protections.

At the same time, Justice Kennedy’s majority opinion marks a significant setback for conservatives seeking to maintain the federalist structure of government. Rather than allowing the contentious social issue of marriage to be decided by the people and their elected representatives on a state-by-state basis, the high court decided instead to constitutionalize the issue of same-sex marriage and answer the question itself.

The dissenting justices predict that that court’s actions in cutting off democratic debate over the issue will inflame opposition, rather than lead to national healing and greater tolerance. In addition, the decision sets the stage for more contentious battles ahead between gay rights activists and religious and social conservatives, they warn.

“When decisions are reached through democratic means, some people will inevitably be disappointed with the results. But those whose views do not prevail at least know that they have had their say, and accordingly are – in the tradition of our political culture – reconciled to the result of a fair and honest debate,” Chief Justice John Roberts wrote in a dissenting opinion.

That democratic dynamic was cut short by the majority decision, the chief justice said.

“By deciding this question under the Constitution, the court removes it from the realm of democratic decision,” Roberts said. “There will be consequences to shutting down the political process on an issue of such profound significance. Closing debate tends to close minds.”

Kennedy dismissed such concerns. “Of course, the Constitution contemplates that democracy is the appropriate process for change,” he said, “so long as that process does not abridge fundamental rights.”

When fundamental rights are at stake, he said, the court has a duty to address the issue.

Kennedy said that marriage was a keystone of the social order in America and that it was intolerable to exclude gay men and lesbians from full participation in that order.

“It demeans gays and lesbians for the state to lock them out of a central institution of the nation’s society,” he said.

“The limitation of marriage to opposite-sex couples may long have seemed natural and just, but its inconsistency with the central meaning of the fundamental right to marry is not manifest,” Kennedy said.  “With that knowledge must come the recognition that laws excluding same-sex couples from the marriage right impose stigma and injury of the kind prohibited by our basic charter.”

In his dissent, Chief Justice Roberts called the majority decision “an act of will, not legal judgment.”

“The right it announces has no basis in the Constitution or this court’s precedent,” he said.

“If you are among the many Americans – of whatever sexual orientation – who favor expanding same-sex marriage, by all means celebrate today’s decision,” the chief justice said.

“Celebrate the achievement of a desired goal. Celebrate the opportunity for a new expression of commitment to a partner. Celebrate the availability of new benefits,” Roberts said.

“But do not celebrate the Constitution,” he said. “It had nothing to with it.”

The chief justice said the Constitution leaves to the people and their elected representatives the authority to define marriage.

“The fundamental right to marry does not include a right to make a state change its definition of marriage. And a state’s decision to maintain the meaning of marriage that has persisted in every culture throughout human history can hardly be called irrational,” Roberts said.

“In short, our Constitution does not enact any one theory of marriage. The people of a state are free to expand marriage to include same-sex couples, or to retain the historic definition,” he said.

Friday’s decision stems from lawsuits filed by same-sex couples in four states – Ohio, Michigan, Kentucky, and Tennessee – challenging their exclusion from traditional marriage laws.

Some couples sued to be allowed to marry. Others sued to have same-sex marriages performed in other states recognized in their new state of residence.

Lawyers for the states had argued that marriage is aimed at heading-off the societal problem of unwed mothers and fatherless children. They argued that it has existed through much of human history to encourage a man and woman to remain together as a family to raise their biological offspring.

Lawyers for same-sex couples dismissed that explanation, arguing that allowing same-sex couples to marry would in no way undercut the ability of opposite-sex couples to marry and raise their own children.

Kennedy’s majority decision comes less than two months after he commented during oral argument about the difficulty of a judge ordering the nation to change a definition of marriage that had existed throughout most of human history.

“This definition has been with us for millennia,” Kennedy said during oral argument in late April. “And it’s very difficult for the court to say, oh, well, we know better.”

But that is, essentially, what Justice Kennedy did on Friday.

In a dissent, Justice Antonin Scalia said the majority opinion represents a threat to American democracy by a majority of nine lawyers on the Supreme Court who claim the power to create liberties to be protected under the Constitution.

Scalia said when the high court wields power to revise the Constitution it robs the American people of the freedom to govern themselves.

“Until the courts put a stop to it, public debate over same-sex marriage displayed American democracy at its best,” Scalia said. He said the court’s decision to end the debate and resolve the issue itself was a “naked judicial claim to legislative – indeed super-legislative – power.”

“A system of government that makes the people subordinate to a committee of nine unelected lawyers does not deserve to be called a democracy,” Scalia said.

In his majority opinion, Kennedy said that if rights were defined only by those who exercised them, new groups would never be able to invoke those rights once they were denied. He said the right to same-sex marriage was part of the liberty promised in the Fourteenth Amendment.

“The right to marry is fundamental as a matter of history and tradition, but rights come not from ancient sources alone. They rise, too, from a better informed understanding of how constitutional imperatives define a liberty that remains urgent in our own era,” Kennedy said.

“Many who deem same-sex marriage to be wrong reach that conclusion based on decent and honorable religious or philosophic premises, and neither they nor their beliefs are disparaged here.”

“But when that sincere, personal opposition becomes enacted law and public policy, the necessary consequence is to put the imprimatur of the state itself on an exclusion that soon demeans or stigmatizes those whose own liberty is then denied,” Kennedy said.

“Under the Constitution, same-sex couples seek in marriage the same legal treatment as opposite-sex couples, and it would disparage their choices and diminish their personhood to deny them this right,” he said.

Joining Kennedy in the majority were Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor, and Elena Kagan.

Dissenting opinions were filed by Chief Justice Roberts, and Justices Scalia, Clarence Thomas, and Samuel Alito.",1
3618,White House to host counterterrorism summit Feb. 18,"In the way of recent attacks abroad, the White House will host a Summit on Countering Violent Extremism Feb. 18 that will highlight how local committees in United States have worked to curb extremism before violence takes place.

The meeting aims to show how to prevent attacks by those prone to extremism ""in the United States and abroad to commit acts of violence, efforts made even more imperative in light of recent, tragic attacks in Ottawa, Sydney, and Paris,"" according to a statement released by the White House press secretary.

Officials from Boston, Los Angeles, and Minneapolis-St. Paul will show how they've brought social service providers, such as mental health professionals and religious leaders, together with law enforcement officials. Representatives from other countries will also showcase their most successful efforts to engage communities -- including the private and tech sectors, as well as the religious community -- on the issue.

The sessions will involve ""presentations, panel discussions, and small group interactions,"" the statement said, though it did not disclose specific participants.

The White House released a strategy in August 2011, called Empowering Local Partners to Prevent Violent Extremism in the United States, aimed at stopping violent extremism by way of domestic initiatives.",1
5273,VP vetting? Trump meets with Sen. Joni Ernst,"Donald Trump on Monday spent part of his July 4th with Sen. Joni Ernst -- fueling speculation that the Iowa freshman senator could be on the short list of his vice presidential picks.

Ernst told Fox News they had a ""good conversation,"" adding, ""I will continue to share my insights with Donald about the need to strengthen our economy, keep our nation safe, and ensure America is always a strong, stabilizing force around the globe.""

Earlier, Trump tweeted, ""I look forward to meeting (Ernst) today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!""

Over the weekend, Trump met with Indiana Gov. Mike Pence and his wife, though a Pence spokesman said ""nothing was offered.""

The spokesman, Marc Lotter, added, ""The governor had warm, productive meetings with the Trumps."" He declined to say where the Saturday meeting was held. Pence is running for re-election against Democratic former state House Speaker John Gregg.

Trump and Pence discussed Pence's policies during his term as governor which began in 2013, Lotter said. He also declined to discuss Pence's level of interest in the position, echoing a comment from Pence last week that he did not want to talk about ""a hypothetical.""

Trump tweeted Monday about his Saturday meeting with Pence.

""Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!” Trump tweeted.

As Pence and his wife arrived for a concert Sunday night at Conner Prairie, a history park in Fishers, the governor again declined to discuss whether he was interested in the position. He reiterated his support for Trump's candidacy and said the Trumps ""couldn't have been more kind and gracious"" during the meeting.

Trump has never held public office and is considering a small group of political veterans as potential running mates.

People with direct knowledge of Trump's vetting process say the list includes Pence, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions.

In addition to serving as governor, Pence served in the U.S. House of Representatives for 12 years.

He also at one time had his own presidential ambitions but last year ruled out a run after his popularity fell in the wake of criticism over his handling of the state's religious objections law.

Fox News' Chris Snyder and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
882,Four ways to fix American politics,"The roots of gridlock will never be addressed until we stop restating the problem and start focusing on the solutions. The good news is that we not only can bridge this political divide; we already are.

It’s not just young revolutionary Bernie Sanders supporters or angry-as-hell Donald Trump fans who want to “change the system.” It’s also the president of the United States of America.

The future we want “will only happen if we fix our politics,” said President Obama in his 2016 State of the Union address. “If we want a better politics, it’s not enough just to change a congressman or change a senator or even change a president. We have to change the system to reflect our better selves.”

But exactly how do we do that? The president did not say. And when William Jefferson Clinton in 1992 and George W. Bush in 2000 expressed the same noble sentiment, they didn’t tell us how either.

Our last three presidents did not tell us because they don’t know. They are products of the system and clearly are not going to reform much less revolutionize it. They have risen to the top of the leadership pyramid by playing the partisan game. Them telling us how to work together would be like an alcoholic telling us how to get sober: He knows everything about the topic except doing it.

On both sides of the aisle, Democrats and Republicans are recognizing that they are in a long-term political marriage that needs help. But even if both donkeys and elephants want to repair their broken relationship, they still need to learn how. The primary causes of dysfunction that Obama identified — the gerrymandering of congressional districts and the tyranny of money in campaigns — are certainly real. But these and other causes will never be effectively addressed unless we stop restating the problem and start focusing on the solutions.

The good news is that we not only can bridge this political divide; in fact, we already are.

I have recently interviewed and profiled dozens of Americans who know how to solve problems across the divide. They are doing so in state legislatures and on Capitol Hill; in living rooms and town halls; between corporations and anti-corporate activists; with police departments and minority communities; and in almost every sector of our society. When diverse groups connect in constructive dialogue, they make progress on issues ranging from criminal justice reform to internet privacy to education reform

Literally dozens of major initiatives have had concrete successes bringing Left and Right together to break down the partisan wall and find common ground. They have succeeded where Capitol Hill has failed. This movement to reunite America is gaining momentum because it starts with four fundamental shifts that are a vital part of fixing our politics.

From Confirming to Learning. Anyone who thinks that political leadership means thinking that whatever we believe is automatically right — and anyone who disagrees with us is wrong — is not part of the solution. Simply confirming what one already knows is not leadership; it is an addiction to being right. The movement to reunite America is redefining leadership to be about learning rather than about being know-it-alls. (Check out , or as examples of this shift.)

From Control to Relationship. Particularly during elections, winning seems to be everything. “Controlling” the Congress and the White House appears to be the goal. But on the day after the election, whoever won or lost must forge a relationship with the opposition. Making relationships across the divide strong and healthy is today the key to accomplishing anything that endures. (Learn more from or the 2000-member ).

From Position-Taking to Problem-Solving. America has a surplus of leaders with rigid positions and a deficit of leaders who solve problems. It’s time to reverse that imbalance. Across the country, a host of problem-solving organizations are gaining ground. (Examples include No Labels in Washington, D.C., to in San Francisco, from in Tallahassee to the in Kansas City.

From Endless Campaigning to Effective Governance. The line between campaigning and governing used to be clear. Campaigns were brief preludes before Election Day, not never-ending tit-for-tat attacks that became a permanent part of civic life. But today campaigning is benefiting from unprecedented levels of investment, and governing is being paralyzed. Fortunately, from the offices of city mayors to state-level initiatives and even on the edges of Capitol Hill, red-blue coalitions are finding common ground on a wide range of policy issues ranging from criminal justice reform to education to defense spending. ( ’s “Next Generation” project, for example, has convened across-the-aisle collaboration in scores of state legislatures.)

So we Americans do know how to work together. But we have to get past the soaring rhetoric from the right and the left about how they alone can “save America.” We have to get down to the real business of learning and applying boundary-crossing skills. If we actually want a “system that reflects our better selves,” let’s start with what works. Let’s take to scale the scores of projects where that is already happening.

Mark Gerzon, president of Mediators Foundation, is the author of “ The Reunited States of America: How We Can Cross the Partisan Divide .”",1
1952,Can Libertarian Rand Paul Win A Republican Primary?,"Rand Paul is not like other potential presidential candidates.

The Kentucky senator, who announced his candidacy for the White House on Tuesday morning, doesn't fit neatly into the molds of either party.

Socially liberal on issues of crime and punishment — especially when it comes to drug sentencing — against a federal ban on same-sex marriage, and no foreign policy hawk, he's not your prototypical Republican.

As a fiscal conservative and an opponent of abortion rights, though, he's certainly no Democrat either.

""It's time for a new way, a new set of ideas and a new leader,"" Paul says in a Web video, with a heavy metal soundtrack, previewing his presidential campaign.

Paul fits more with libertarians. And, though he is the scion of the last carrier of the torch of ""liberty,"" he's also not quite his father's libertarian.

Paul's father, the former Rep. Ron, ran for president three times before retiring. The elder Paul, 79, was always regarded as something of a gadfly, an outspoken fresh voice in the Republican primary with a passionate following of young libertarians.

Though Paul did not win a single state in 2008 or 2012, when measured by Election Day voting percentage, he routinely finished in the top three. In fact, he finished a solid second behind Romney in the critical early state of New Hampshire.

But his band of young, engaged and determined Paul-ites proved one thing — they could organize. Ron Paul not only won straw poll after straw poll at the Conservative Political Action Conference and elsewhere, he also won the most delegates in several states, including Iowa. Though Paul finished third in vote total in the Hawkeye State, his campaign engineered what amounted to a takeover of the state Republican Party apparatus.

""He has a number of assets,"" said Stu Rothenberg, founder of the Rothenberg Political Report. ""He has terrific fundraising potential. He has an army of supporters who will run into a burning building to vote for him.""

Rand Paul has tried to use those supporters to help build on his father's foundation, reaching out to minority voters with an emphasis on criminal justice reform and to young audiences — like one in New Hampshire last year — with an appeal based on privacy and civil liberties.

""How many people here have a cellphone?"" Paul asked. ""How many people think it's none of the government's damn business what you do on your cell phone?""

""If I had to fill a large lecture room at my campus, I would bet a lot that Rand Paul could fill that room with young libertarian-minded conservatives,"" said Dante Scala, a political scientist at the University of New Hampshire. ""Of that I have little doubt.""

Though Rand Paul can fill a room with young libertarians in similar ways that his father could, he isn't a carbon copy of his dad. Paul has adjusted some of his policies to fit the mainstream of the GOP a bit better.

Paul has emphasized where he agrees with evangelical Christians on gay marriage, telling a group of pastors last month that the First Amendment says to keep government out of religion, not religion out of government. And, in moves that show he understands the GOP has returned to its hawkish roots since the rise of the self-declared Islamic State militant group, he has changed his tune on defense spending, proposing $190 billion more for the Pentagon. And the second day of his presidential rollout finds him in South Carolina — in front of the aircraft carrier, the U.S.S. Yorktown.

Those moves toward the mainstream of the party may lose Paul some diehard libertarians, but, says David Boaz of the Cato Institute, most libertarians are thrilled.

""I think Rand Paul is the most libertarian major presidential candidate that I can remember seeing,"" said Boaz, who's new book is called The Libertarian Mind, ""so it tells you that there is a constituency that wants this more libertarian approach.""

Boaz sees Paul's adjustments as necessary and practical.

""Rand Paul is trying to find a balance that reflects his own views and appeals to a plurality and eventually the majority of the party,"" Boaz said. ""To the extent that there is that constituency — skeptical of foreign intervention, skeptical of the surveillance state — he has that market in the Republican Party all to himself. Is it a big enough market? Well, that's what he's about to find out.""

Paul's anti-establishmentarian campaign slogan for 2016 will be ""Defeat the Washington Machine; Unleash the American Dream.""

That little slant rhyme invokes the memory of Paul crusading against the ""security state"" on the floor of the U.S. Senate in an old-fashioned, 13-hour filibuster two years ago. But if the goal for Rand Paul in 2016 is to emerge as the anti-establishment alternative to, say, Jeb Bush, Paul has to become more than just the libertarian candidate, Scala said.

""He has to find a way to be more appealing to the mainstream of New Hampshire Republicans while keeping his appeal to his core vote, which I would describe right now as people who voted for his dad three years ago,"" Scala said. ""That's the trick for Rand Paul.""

Paul, just as his father did with online ""money bombs,"" will likely be able to raise enough money to stick around for quite some time in the GOP primary. Analysts like Rothenberg are skeptical he will be able to pull off the improbable and become the Republican nominee, but Rothenberg wonders if Paul is laying the groundwork for a sea change within the party.

""He may be starting a process that, down the road, will change the Republican Party, will start to bring in some new kind of faces into the Republican Party,"" Rothenberg said. ""And I wouldn't be surprised if in six or 10 years, this is a more libertarian party.""",1
3606,Charles Krauthammer: Obama: Charlie who?,"On Sunday, at the great Paris rally, the whole world was Charlie. By Tuesday, the veneer of solidarity was exposed as tissue thin. It began dissolving as soon as the real, remaining Charlie Hebdo put out its post-massacre issue featuring a Muhammad cover that, as the New York Times put it, “reignited the debate pitting free speech against religious sensitivities.”

Again? Already? Had not 4 million marchers and 44 foreign leaders just turned out on the streets of France to declare “No” to intimidation, and pledging solidarity, indeed identification (“Je suis Charlie”) with a satirical weekly specializing in the most outrageous and often tasteless portrayals of Muhammad? And yet, within 48 hours, the new Charlie Hebdo issue featuring the image of Muhammad — albeit a sorrowful, indeed sympathetic Muhammad — sparked new protests, denunciations and threats of violence, which in turn evinced another round of doubt and self-flagellation in the West about the propriety and limits of free expression. Hopeless.

As for President Obama, he never was Charlie, not even for those 48 hours. From the day of the massacre, he has been practically invisible. At the interstices of various political rallies, he issued bits of muted, mealy-mouthed boilerplate. Followed by the now-famous absence of any high-ranking U.S. official at the Paris rally, an abdication of moral and political leadership for which the White House has already admitted error.

But this was no mere error of judgment or optics or, most absurdly, of communications in which we are supposed to believe that the president was not informed by staff about the magnitude, both actual and symbolic, of the demonstration he ignored. (He needed to be told?)

On the contrary, the no-show, following the near silence, precisely reflected the president’s profound ambivalence about the very idea of the war on terror. Obama began his administration by purging the phrase from the lexicon of official Washington. He has ever since shuttled between saying that (a) the war must end because of the damage “keeping America on a perpetual wartime footing” was doing to us, and (b) the war has already ended, as he suggested repeatedly during the 2012 campaign, with bin Laden dead and al-Qaeda “on the run.”

Hence his call in a major address at the National Defense University to “refine and ultimately repeal” Congress’ 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force, the very legal basis for the war on terror. Hence his accelerating release of Gitmo inmates — five more announced Wednesday — fully knowing that up to 30 percent have returned to the battlefield (17 percent confirmed, up to 12 percent suspected but not verified). Which is why, since about the Neolithic era, POWs tend to be released after a war is over.

Paris shows that this war is not. On the contrary. As it rages, it is entering an ominous third phase.

The first, circa 9/11, involved sending Middle Eastern terrorists abroad to attack the infidel West.

Then came the lone wolf — local individuals inspired by foreign jihadists launching one-off attacks, as seen most recently in Quebec, Ottawa and Sydney.

Paris marks Phase 3: coordinated commando strikes by homegrown native-speaking Islamists activated and instructed from abroad. (Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has claimed responsibility for the Charlie Hebdo killings, while the kosher-grocery shooter proclaimed allegiance to the Islamic State.) They develop and flourish in Europe’s no-go zones where sharia reigns and legitimate state authorities dare not tread.

To call them lone wolves, as did our hapless attorney general, is to define jihadism down. It makes them the equivalent of the pitiable, mentally unstable Sydney hostage taker.

The Paris killers were well-trained, thoroughly radicalized, clear-eyed jihadist warriors. They cannot be dismissed as lone loons. Worse, they represent a growing generation of alienated European Muslims whose sheer number is approaching critical mass.

The war on terror 2015 is at a new phase with a new geography. At the core are parallel would-be caliphates: in Syria and Iraq, the Islamic State; in Sub-Saharan Africa, now spilling out of Nigeria into Cameroon, a near-sovereign Boko Haram; in the badlands of Yemen, AQAP, the most dangerous of all al-Qaeda affiliates. And beyond lie not just a cast of mini-caliphates embedded in the most ungovernable parts of the Third World from Libya to Somalia to the borderlands of Pakistan, but an archipelago of no-go Islamist islands embedded in the heart of Europe.

This is serious. In both size and reach it is growing. Our president will not say it. Fine. But does he even see it?

Read more from Charles Krauthammer’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
2108,The long history of linking climate change to American security,"""We have a little bit of money devoted to a comprehensive, worldwide effort to deal with the threat of global warming,"" the president said. ""It is simply a matter of science and evidence. It is … necessary to reverse it to stand up for America's values and America's interests.""

Given that we've employed the standard trick of not naming the president, you may have guessed that the quote above doesn't come from President Obama's remarks at Wednesday's Coast Guard Academy commencement. In that speech, Obama linked the security of the country with the threat of climate change in the same way. But the comments above instead come from a speech about two decades ago -- by President Bill Clinton.

The most remarkable thing about Obama's Coast Guard comments, in which he argued that we must address the threat of climate change if only to decrease global instability and risks to U.S. facilities, is that it's the refrain to a long-running tune. The link between our security and our carbon emissions has been drawn time and again.

Within Obama's two terms, the drumbeat has been consistent. In 2009, the Navy looked at maritime security risks posed by climate change. In 2011, Rear Adn. David Titley gave a talk at TedxPentagon (!) that considered the issue. (That speech is below.) In 2012, a major general from the U.S. Northern Command warned that melting Arctic ice would create a new, northern coast that would enter into geopolitical considerations. And last year, the Pentagon released a report stating that ""[o]ur armed forces must prepare for a future with a wide spectrum of possible threats, weighing risks and probabilities to ensure that we will continue to keep our country secure.""

In 2003, the Pentagon drafted a speculative plan that addressed the national security threat from an abrupt change to the world's climate -- a shift of several degrees of temperature in a matter of a decade or so. It garnered a substantial amount of attention at the time, but was mostly regarded as a thought experiment. Consensus remains that such a temperature change will happen much more slowly.

But military experts under President George W. Bush were addressing the more realistic, slower effects of climate change, too. We reported in 2007 that the U.S. Army War College funded a conference to address the security implications of climate change. That was soon followed by a report from a panel of retired military leaders that was blunt: ""Global climate change presents a serious national security threat which could impact Americans at home, impact United States military operations and heighten global tensions."" DARPA started looking into military use of biofuels before Bush left office.

Under Clinton, the administration was open in its advocacy on the issue, even if the military was more reserved. Vice President Al Gore had already called climate change ""the most serious threat we have ever faced"" in his book ""Earth in the Balance"" by the time Clinton was moving into 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. After Clinton signed the Kyoto Protocol aimed at reducing carbon dioxide emissions, House Republicans and retired military officials at that point worried that the protocol itself posed a national security risk, given that it required the reduction of energy use -- and the military used more energy than any other part of the government. In response, Clinton exempted the military from being affected.

A link between national security and the climate even predates Clinton. In June 1988, a Senate committee addressed the problem of climate change for the first time, hearing testimony from several scientists, including James Hansen, then of NASA Goddard Space Flight Center and who since has been an outspoken activist on the subject. After that hearing, Michael Oppenheimer of the Environmental Defense Fund was asked to clarify some of his comments. In a responding letter, he wrote, ""For the U.S., continuous emissions at current levels or higher means continuous change, loss of ecosystems, and probably loss of farm productivity, wetlands, beaches and coastal infrastructure. The security of the nation depends on stabilization of the atmosphere.""

At the Coast Guard Academy on Wednesday, President Obama played the same tune.",1
1551,Why Putin praised Trump (Opinion),"Christian Whiton is a former deputy special envoy for human rights in North Korea for the George W. Bush administration. He is president of the Hamilton Foundation; a principal with DC Advisory, which is a public policy consultancy; and the author of ""Smart Power: Between Diplomacy and War."" The views expressed are his own.

(CNN) Vladimir Putin has his man in the U.S. presidential race: Donald Trump. On Thursday, the Russian president reportedly declared Trump to be the ""absolute leader"" of the race.

Putin -- a natural if brawny showman who has posed fishing shirtless, shooting shirtless and horseback riding shirtless -- also said of Trump: ""He's a very lively man, talented without doubt.""

Thus did the man who embodies the parody of homoeroticism from the 1970s endorse one who embodies the parody of a blow-hard executive from the 1980s. But while Moscow has long been interested in American politics, what inspired the man who has essentially run Russia since 2000 to take the unusual step of commenting on the election process of an adversary?

Whether he knows it or not, Putin practices a key tenet of statecraft identified by Mel Brooks. His darkly comical musical ""The Producers"" features the number ""Heil Myself!"" (also known as ""Springtime for Hitler""), in which a campy rendition of the German dictator sings, ""It ain't no mystery, if it's politics or history, the thing you gotta know is, everything is showbiz.""

The line could be the leitmotif of the reality show that is Trump's campaign.

The Donald's approach to politics likely reminds Putin of himself and he empathizes. Not only do the two men share a love for spectacle and an appreciation of its ability to move low-information voters, but Putin also sees Trump's self-reference as something Moscow can exploit.

Putin famously began his career as an intelligence officer. One thing the young Putin would have been taught by his employers at the KGB's First Chief Directorate, the agency's center for foreign intelligence collection, is to look for character flaws that can be used to enlist a target as an agent or, short of that, an unwitting helper. It's a fancied-up version of a con man looking for his mark.

Recent American presidents have been easy prey for Putin. George W. Bush, who thought he got a ""sense of Putin's soul,"" mistook the Russian strongman for a friend. Barack Obama believed that a change in diplomatic tone would alter Putin's calculation of his nation's interests. Putin of course encouraged both vanities. The invaded people of Georgia and Ukraine can attest to who sized up whom better.

The cherry on the cake would be a President Trump. Putin has no doubt observed that flattery works well on The Donald: from his tweets to TV appearances to debate performances, Trump is a lion to those who are critical and a lamb to those who suffer his repetitive imprecisions silently.

Putin's giddiness over Trump's personal flaws shifts to outright desire when the candidate starts talking about U.S. policy toward Russia. In September, Trump said of the Russian leader : ""I will tell you in terms of leadership he is getting an 'A'..."" As Putin put warplanes and a base in Syria -- Moscow's biggest push into the Middle East and Mediterranean rim since the Cold War -- Trump said: ""Putin is now taking over what we started, and he's going into Syria, and he frankly wants to fight ISIS, and I think that's a wonderful thing.""

This means that yet another U.S. political figure has mistakenly believed Russian interests will converge with America's. In reality, Putin has forces in Syria to shore up the dictator, Bashar al-Assad, and primarily fight Assad's non-ISIS opponents. And the ""A"" in leadership The Donald awarded Putin was earned by ruthlessly suppressing domestic dissent, playing to the most base instincts of the Russian public and launching foreign wars of aggression.

Putin will happily pocket Trump's naivete. The Russian President said of the candidate: ""He's saying he wants to go to another level of relations -- closer, deeper relations with Russia. How can we not welcome that? Of course we welcome that.""

When Putin sees Trump's unique combination of self-reference and self-delusion about Moscow's desire to assert itself at the expense of the West, he sees gold. Furthermore, he is assured that he could continue to expand Russia's sphere of influence -- perhaps even beyond the countries he has already invaded -- all the while saying he is doing nothing of the sort.

The mendacity brings to mind that other Mel Brooks tour de force on statecraft: the movie ""To Be Or Not To Be."" In the film, another parody Hitler sings: ""I don't want war! All I want is peace ... peace ... peace ... A little piece of Poland, a little piece of France, a little piece of Austria ...""",1
4606,Two Reasons Trump Could Actually Win (And Three Reasons Why He Won’t),"As volatile and nerve-wracking as the great Clinton-Trump Slugfest of 2016 has appeared from the outside, polling data have, for months, suggested a far more stable race. Polling aggregators and election prediction markets have consistently shown Hillary Clinton with an enduring lead over Donald Trump. Then, with less than two weeks remaining until Election Day, F.B.I. director James Comey decided to get involved, firing off a maddeningly vague letter to Congress, alerting them to the renewal of an investigation into new e-mails that may or may not pertain to Clinton’s use of a private server as secretary of state, and throwing the race into chaos. The Mexican peso plunged as Wall Street started pricing in the rising possibility of a Trump win, and the media went into overdrive, hyperventilating over a spate of new polls that showed the race tightening. Now, as we head into the final weekend before America’s much-anticipated day of reckoning, the Hive offers a perspicacious overview of all the multifarious reasons to panic, no matter who you’re voting for on Tuesday.

Yes, the polls could be misleading

The Chicago Cubs had a smaller chance of winning than Trump currently does, as Kellyanne Conway is quick to remind us. That isn’t to say that the statistics showing a likely Cubs win didn’t accurately take into account everything that sports bettors and analysts knew about both teams at the time. It’s merely to say that predictions are just that—our best guess for what will happen. All polls include a margin of error, and right now, Donald Trump is pretty close to striking distance. According to FiveThirtyEight, Trump lags Clinton by just 3.3 points in a polls-only forecast; in 2012, average polling turned out to be off by 2.7 points. Even if the electoral college seems to place Clinton ahead by wider margins in certain states, “this presumes that the states behave independently from national trends, when in fact they tend to move in tandem,” writes Nate Silver . If national polls are off by 2.7 points, for example, that would be more than enough to flip Wisconsin and Minnesota into Trump’s column, Silver notes. “She has quite a gauntlet to run through to hold her firewall, and she doesn’t have a lot of good backup options.”

There’s a worrying degree of variation among polling aggregators, data scientists, and political analysts. While HuffPost Pollster, which excludes outlier polls, currently gives Clinton a 97.9 percent of victory, Silver’s model is far more conservative, giving Clinton a 68.1 percent chance to account for increased volatility. “[E]verything depends on one’s assumptions, but I think that our assumptions—a Clinton lead, sure, but high uncertainty—has repeatedly been validated by the evidence we've seen over the course of the past several months,” Silver recently told Politico.

Others are far more optimistic. Neuroscientist Sam Wang, who out-predicted Silver in 2012, has observed that while some individual polls may place Clinton narrowly ahead, Trump’s rise shouldn’t be confused for momentum:

“One thing that’s been apparent is that a major feature of voter opinion for last five elections—this is the sixth—is that voters have become entrenched,” says Wang. “The movement of voter opinion has been within a narrow range. In finance and other types of statistical analysis, we call this kind of movement a ‘regression to the mean.’ It happened in 2008, in 2012 and it’s happening this year. When things go too far in one direction, they’ll start to head back to a midpoint. Clinton is now at the low end of where she’s been this season. But if the regression to the mean holds, we should see a little movement back to Clinton. But we’ll see.”

Wang’s Princeton Election Consortium pegs Clinton’s chances of winning at over 99 percent.

The myth of the “secret” Trump voter

“The silent majority is back,” Trump declared less than a week after Clinton’s F.B.I. drama broke out into the open. He was referring to a longstanding belief, possibly backed by political science, that there exist a vast swath of Trump supporters too embarrassed to tell pollsters they plan to vote for him. “When I poll, I do fine. But when I run, I do much better,” he bragged.

Experts have thrown cold water on that idea. A POLITICO/Morning Consult study this week suggests that the myth of the shy Trump voter may be only half-right: according to the survey, Hillary Clinton led Trump by five points, 52 to 47, whereas if asked in an online poll or an automated call—two situations in which there was no possibility of social judgment—that gap narrowed to three points, with Clinton leading 51 to 48. Still, the effect was marginal, and Clinton won in both scenarios.

Nate Cohn at the Upshot has argued that the mysterious newly registered voter is actually more liberal than most pundits have assumed. While Trump may have more enthusiastic white supporters, data shows no new registration “surge” in this category, whereas more younger white voters, minorities, and women registered for the first time. Pollsters and analysts, Cohn mused, were ignoring these “missing nonwhite voters,” and that “it’s Mrs. Clinton—not Mr. Trump—who stands to gain from a surge of new voters.”

Other data also support the idea that polling is underestimating Clinton’s support. While black turnout has been soft compared to four years ago Latinos—who are usually under-polled—appear to be registering and voting at higher levels than before. Talking Points Memo reports that Latino early voting is up 100 percent in Florida, 60 percent in North Carolina, and 25 percent in Colorado and Nevada. Latino Decisions, a Latino advocacy group, told TPM that they are projecting as many as 3.5 million more Latinos will vote in 2016 than in 2012, which could help her win all four aforementioned swing states.

So where does that leave us?

The latest Clinton e-mail drama may not have caused any significant shifts nationally, outside of a brief hiccup, but it may have rearranged Clinton’s pathway to victory. A week after Comey sent his letter, Silver caught up with the recent polling and found that Clinton’s so-called “blue firewall” has started to weaken, with states such as New Hampshire and Michigan suddenly in greater danger of tilting Trump. ”It’s not clear that things are getting any worse for Clinton, but it’s also not clear that they’re getting better,” he concluded. In fact, nothing is getting much clearer than it has ever been—which, perhaps, is liberating in its own way.",1
197,Jeh Johnson on DHS Impasse: Congress Jeopardizes National Security,"Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson suggested Sunday that Congress would be jeopardizing national security if it withholds his agency’s funding to undermine President Barack Obama’s executive action shielding millions of illegal immigrants from deportation. The administration is appealing a federal court’s ruling that blocked the executive order.

“There are some who want to defund our executive actions and do it in a way that holds up the entire budget of homeland security for this nation. That is unacceptable from a public safety, homeland security view,” Mr. Johnson said on Fox News Sunday. Without congressional action, DHS funding expires Friday at midnight.",1
3987,US military: 'Reasonably certain' airstrike killed notorious ISIS militant 'Jihadi John',"U.S. military officials said Friday they were “reasonably certain” an airstrike in Syria targeting ""Jihadi John"" killed the masked British national seen in videos depicting the beheading of hostages held by ISIS.

Earlier, a U.S. military official, discussing the airstrike in Raqqa targeting the notorious jihadist, told Fox News, ""we are 99 percent sure we got him.""

Col. Steve Warren said the U.S. military is “reasonably certain” that Mohammad Emwarzi, better known as “Jihadi John,” was killed in the U.S. drone strike Thursday night.

In a Pentagon briefing Friday from Baghdad, Warren, a spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition, sought to downplay the airstrike calling it more a “blow to the prestige"" of ISIS than a military victory. Warren called the strike “routine” and said similar strikes against mid-to high value ISIS leaders has occurred every two days since May.

But Warren later said that Jihadi John’s death is “significant” blow to ISIS.

""This guy was a human animal and killing him is probably making the world a better place,"" he added.

Warren said the driver of the vehicle carrying Jihadi John was also killed after being struck by a hellfire missile fired from the U.S. drone.

The killing of Jihadi John comes as the U.S. military is stepping up airstrikes throughout Iraq and Syria.

Warren said Operation Tidal Wave II, a U.S.-led bombing campaign targeting ISIS’s oil infrastructure in eastern Syria near the city of Dayr as Zawr has been underway in recent days to destroy oil infrastructure controlled by ISIS.  ISIS receives two-thirds of its revenue from oil, according to Warren. Despite earlier attempts to destroy the refineries in eastern Syria, Warren said the damage inflicted earlier was repaired in a 24-hour period on average.

The first “Tidal Wave” operation dates back to World War II when the U.S. targeted Nazi Germany’s oil infrastructure, according to Warren.

Warren said the strikes going on today in eastern Syria against the oil refineries require “replacement parts that ISIS doesn’t have” and parts that, if ordered, could be tracked by the coalition.

“We wanted them broken longer,” said Warren when asked why the strikes did not occur earlier.  Warren said strikes in the past year produced damage to infrastructure that was “easy to replace.”

A senior military source told Fox News Emwazi was being tracked by the drone for most of the day Thursday while he met with other people. The source said the strike took place shortly after Emwazi came out of a building in Raqqa, when he was ""ID'd and engaged.""

Sky News, citing sources inside Raqqa, reported that Emwazi was badly hurt in the air strike but still alive when he was brought to the hospital there. Later, however, the same sources said the hospital was sealed off to the public. Locals say the hospital is usually closed when an ISIS figure is killed, which allows the group to go on social media and claim he is still alive.

A representative of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights told the Daily Telegraph, ""a car carrying four foreign Islamic State leaders, including one British jihadi, was hit by U.S. air strikes [near] the governorate building in Raqqa city.

""All the sources there are saying that the body of an important British jihadi is lying in the hospital of Raqqa,"" the activist added. ""All the sources are saying it is of Jihadi John but I cannot confirm it personally.""

Emwazi, believed to be in his mid-20s, has been described by a former hostage as a bloodthirsty psychopath who enjoyed threatening Western hostages. Spanish journalist Javier Espinosa, who had been held in Syria for more than six months after his abduction in September 2013, said Emwazi would explain precisely how the militants would carry out a beheading.

Those being held by three British-sounding captors nicknamed them ""the Beatles"" with ""Jihadi John"" a reference to Beatles member John Lennon, Espinosa said in recalling his months as one of more than 20 hostages.

Emwazi is seen in videos showing the beheading of journalists Steve Sotloff and James Foley, American aid worker Abdul-Rahman Kassig, British aid workers David Haines and Alan Henning, Japanese journalist Kenji Goto, and a number of other hostages.

In the videos, a tall masked figure clad in black and speaking in a British accent typically began one of the gruesome videos with a political rant and a kneeling hostage before him, then ended it holding an oversize knife in his hand with the headless victim lying before him in the sand.

A counterterror analyst told Fox News that Emwazi became so sought-after following his appearances in the beheading videos that he was shunned by ISIS leadership. The analyst said Emwazi had become the ""Typhoid Mary"" of the terror group, noting that his presence had prompted airstrikes on meetings, buildings, and other commanders.

British Prime Minister David Cameron said Friday the drone action was ""a strike at the heart"" of ISIS, as well as ""an act of self-defense"" and the right thing to do.

Cameron said Britain has been ""working, with the United States, literally around the clock to track him down.""

""This was a combined effort,"" he said. ""And the contribution of both our countries was essential.""

Secretary of State John Kerry told reporters in Tunisia Friday that extremists “need to know this: Your days are numbered, and you will be defeated.”

Sotloff’s parents, Art and Shirley Sotloff, responding to the reports that Emwazi was killed issued a statement that said, “This development doesn’t change anything for us; it’s too little too late. Our son is never coming back.”

“His death does not bring Jim back,” they said. “If only so much effort had been given to finding and rescuing Jim and the other hostages who were subsequently murdered by ISIS , they might be alive today.”

 

 Haines’ daughter, Bethany Haines, told Sky News Friday that she felt an 'instant sense of"" relief"" when she heard Emwazi may have been killed. She said her feeling was because of ""'knowing he wouldn't appear in any more horrific videos.""

Emwazi was identified as ""Jihadi John"" last February, although a lawyer who once represented Emwazi's father told reporters that there was no evidence supporting the accusation. Experts and others later confirmed the identification.

Emwazi was born in Kuwait and spent part of his childhood in the poor Taima area of Jahra before moving to Britain while still a boy, according to news reports quoting Syrian activists who knew the family. He attended state schools in London, then studied computer science at the University of Westminster before leaving for Syria in 2013. The woman who had been the principal at London's Quintin Kynaston Academy told the BBC earlier this year that Emwazi had been quiet and ""reasonably hard-working.""

Officials said Britain's intelligence community had Emwazi on its list of potential terror suspects for years but was unable to prevent him from traveling to Syria. He had been known to the nation's intelligence services since at least 2009, when he was connected with investigations into terrorism in Somalia.

The beheading of Foley, 40, of Rochester, New Hampshire, was deemed by IS to be its response to U.S. airstrikes. The release of the video, on Aug. 19, 2014, horrified and outraged the civilized world but was followed the next month by videos showing the beheadings of Sotloff and Haines and, in October, of Henning.

Fox News’ Lucas Tomlinson, Jennifer Griffin, Catherine Herridge, Greg Palkot and The Associated Press contributed this report.

Click for more from Sky News.",1
348,UVA Suspect Faces 1st Degree Murder,"Jesse Matthew Jr. has been charged with first-degree murder in the death of University of Virginia second-year student Hannah Graham, according to reports from local media in Charlottesville. The charges are expected to be announced at a press conference Tuesday. Graham was last seen publicly at a bar with Matthew on Sept. 13, 2014. Her remains were found on an abandoned property in Albemarle County, Virginia, on Oct. 18. Matthew has already been charged in Graham’s disappearance—with abduction with intent to defile. Officials say Matthew has been forensically linked to the body of Morgan Harrington, a Virginia Tech student who was found dead in January 2010. He has been jailed for attempted murder, rape, and sexual-assault charges in regard to the rape and sexual assault of a Fairfax woman in 2005.",1
3143,Blasphemy and the law of fanatics,"As they went on their rampage, the men who killed 12 people in Paris this week yelled that they had “avenged the prophet.” They followed in the path of other terrorists who have bombed newspaper offices, stabbed a filmmaker and killed writers and translators, all to mete out what they believe is the proper Koranic punishment for blasphemy. But in fact, the Koran prescribes no punishment for blasphemy. Like so many of the most fanatical and violent aspects of Islamic terrorism today, the idea that Islam requires that insults against the prophet Muhammad be met with violence is a creation of politicians and clerics to serve a political agenda.

One holy book is deeply concerned with blasphemy: the Bible. In the Old Testament, blasphemy and blasphemers are condemned and prescribed harsh punishment. The best-known passage on this is Leviticus 24:16 : “Anyone who blasphemes the name of the Lord is to be put to death. The entire assembly must stone them. Whether foreigner or native-born, when they blaspheme the Name they are to be put to death.”

By contrast, the word blasphemy appears nowhere in the Koran. (Nor, incidentally, does the Koran anywhere forbid creating images of Muhammad, though there are commentaries and traditions — “hadith” — that do, to guard against idol worship.) Islamic scholar Maulana Wahiduddin Khan has pointed out that “there are more than 200 verses in the Koran, which reveal that the contemporaries of the prophets repeatedly perpetrated the same act, which is now called ‘blasphemy or abuse of the Prophet’ . . . but nowhere does the Koran prescribe the punishment of lashes, or death, or any other physical punishment.” On several occasions, Muhammad treated people who ridiculed him and his teachings with understanding and kindness. “In Islam,” Khan says, “blasphemy is a subject of intellectual discussion rather than a subject of physical punishment.”

Somebody forgot to tell the terrorists. But the gruesome and bloody belief the jihadis have adopted is all too common in the Muslim world, even among so-called moderate Muslims — that blasphemy and apostasy are grievous crimes against Islam and should be punished fiercely. Many Muslim-majority countries have laws against blasphemy and apostasy — and in some places, they are enforced.

Pakistan is now the poster child for the anti-blasphemy campaign gone wild. In March, at least 14 people were on death row in that country, and 19 were serving life sentences, according to the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom. The owner of the country’s largest media group has been sentenced to 26 years in prison because one of his channels broadcast a devotional song about Muhammad’s daughter while reenacting a wedding. (Really.) And Pakistan is not alone. Bangladesh, Malaysia, Egypt, Turkey and Sudan have all used blasphemy laws to jail and harass people. In moderate Indonesia, 120 people have been detained for this reason since 2003. Saudi Arabia forbids the practice of any religion other than its own Wahhabi version of Islam.

The Pakistani case is instructive, because its extreme version of anti-blasphemy law is relatively recent and a product of politics. Mohammed Zia ul-Haq, Pakistan’s president during the late 1970s and 1980s, wanted to marginalize the democratic and liberal opposition, and he embraced Islamic fundamentalists, no matter how extreme. He passed a series of laws Islamizing Pakistan, including a law that recommended the death penalty or life imprisonment for insulting Muhammad in any way.

When governments try to curry favor with fanatics, eventually the fanatics take the law into their own hands. In Pakistan, jihadis have killed dozens of people whom they accuse of blasphemy, including a brave politician, Salmaan Taseer, who dared to call the blasphemy law a “black law.”

We should fight terrorism. But we should also fight the source of the problem. It’s not enough for Muslim leaders to condemn people who kill those they consider as blasphemers if their own governments endorse the idea of punishing blasphemy at the very same time. The U.S. religious freedom commission and the U.N. Human Rights Committee have both declared that blasphemy laws violate universal human rights because they violate freedom of speech and expression. They are correct.

In Muslim-majority countries, no one dares to dial back these laws. In Western countries, no one confronts allies on these issues. But blasphemy is not a purely domestic matter, of concern only to those who worry about countries’ internal affairs. It now sits on the bloody crossroad between radical Islamists and Western societies. It cannot be avoided anymore. Western politicians, Muslim leaders and intellectuals everywhere should point out that blasphemy is something that does not exist in the Koran and should not exist in the modern world.

Read more from Fareed Zakaria’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
379,"Party insiders give Clinton early, commanding delegate edge","Hillary Rodham Clinton has locked up public support from half of the Democratic insiders who cast ballots at the party's national convention, giving her a commanding advantage over her rivals for the party's presidential nomination.

Clinton's margin over Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley is striking. Not only is it big, but it comes more than two months before primary voters head to the polls -- an early point in the race for so many of the people known as superdelegates to publicly back a candidate.

""She has the experience necessary not only to lead this country, she has experience politically that I think will help her through a tough campaign,"" said Unzell Kelley, a county commissioner from Alabama.

""I think she's learned from her previous campaign,"" he said. ""She's learned what to do, what to say, what not to say -- which just adds to her electability.""

The Associated Press contacted all 712 superdelegates in the past two weeks, and heard back from more than 80 percent. They were asked which candidate they plan to support at the convention next summer.

The 712 superdelegates make up about 30 percent of the 2,382 delegates needed to clinch the Democratic nomination. That means that more than two months before voting starts, Clinton already has 15 percent of the delegates she needs.

That sizable lead reflects Clinton's advantage among the Democratic Party establishment, an edge that has helped the 2016 front-runner build a massive campaign organization, hire top staff and win coveted local endorsements.

Superdelegates are convention delegates who can support the candidate of their choice, regardless of who voters choose in the primaries and caucuses. They are members of Congress and other elected officials, party leaders and members of the Democratic National Committee.

Clinton is leading most preference polls in the race for the Democratic nomination, most by a wide margin. Sanders has made some inroads in New Hampshire, which holds the first presidential primary, and continues to attract huge crowds with his populist message about income inequality.

But Sanders has only recently started saying he's a Democrat after a decades-long career in politics as an independent. While he's met with and usually voted with Democrats in the Senate, he calls himself a democratic socialist.

""We recognize Secretary Clinton has enormous support based on many years working with and on behalf of many party leaders in the Democratic Party,"" said Tad Devine, a senior adviser to the Sanders campaign. ""But Sen. Sanders will prove to be the strongest candidate, with his ability to coalesce and bring young people to the polls the way that Barack Obama did.""

""The best way to win support from superdelegates is to win support from voters,"" added Devine, a longtime expert on the Democrats' nominating process.

The Clinton campaign has been working for months to secure endorsements from superdelegates, part of a strategy to avoid repeating the mistakes that cost her the Democratic nomination eight years ago.

In 2008, Clinton hinged her campaign on an early knockout blow on Super Tuesday, while Obama's staff had devised a strategy to accumulate delegates well into the spring.

This time around, Clinton has hired Obama's top delegate strategist from 2008, a lawyer named Jeff Berman, an expert on the party's arcane rules for nominating a candidate for president.

Clinton's increased focus on winning delegates has paid off, putting her way ahead of where she was at this time eight years ago. In December 2007, Clinton had public endorsements from 169 superdelegates, according to an AP survey. At the time, Obama had 63 and a handful of other candidates had commitments as well from the smaller fraction of superdelegates willing to commit to a candidate.

""Our campaign is working hard to earn the support of every caucus goer, primary voter and grassroots and grasstop leaders,"" said Clinton campaign spokesman Jesse Ferguson. ""Since day one we have not taken this nomination for granted and that will not change.""

Some superdelegates supporting Clinton said they don't think Sanders is electable, especially because of his embrace of socialism. But few openly criticized Sanders and a handful endorsed him.

""I've heard him talk about many subjects and I can't say there is anything I disagree with,"" said Chad Nodland, a DNC member from North Dakota who is backing Sanders.

However, Nodland added, if Clinton is the party's nominee, ""I will knock on doors for her. There are just more issues I agree with Bernie.""

Some superdelegates said they were unwilling to publicly commit to candidates before voters have a say, out of concern that they will be seen as undemocratic. A few said they have concerns about Clinton, who has been dogged about her use of a private email account and server while serving as secretary of state.

""If it boils down to anything I'm not sure about the trust factor,"" said Danica Oparnica, a DNC member from Arizona. ""She has been known to tell some outright lies and I can't tolerate that.""

Still others said they were won over by Clinton's 11 hours of testimony before a GOP-led committee investigating the attack on a U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya. Clinton's testimony won widespread praise as House Republicans struggled to trip her up.

""I don't think that there's any candidate right now, Democrat or Republican, that could actually face up to that and come out with people shaking their heads and saying, `That is one bright, intelligent person,""' said California Democratic Rep. Tony Cardenas.",1
3254,"Chris Christie kicks off his comeback tour in N.H., going all-in on entitlement reform","GOFFSTOWN – Chris Christie kicked off a two day swing to New Hampshire with a sober prescription for tackling escalating entitlement spending.

The New Jersey governor and potential Republican presidential candidate proposed raising the retirement age for Social security to 69, means testing for Social Security, and gradually raising the eligibility age for Medicare.

Christie outlined his proposals on entitlement reform at a speech Tuesday morning at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics at Saint Anselm College.

“In the short term, it is growing the deficit and slowly but surely taking over all of government. In the long term, it will steal our children’s future and bankrupt our nation. Meanwhile, our leaders in Washington are not telling people the truth. Washington is still not dealing with the problem,” Christie said.

“Washington is afraid to have an honest conversation about Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid with the people of our country. I am not,” the governor added.

Christie said that Social Security should be retirement insurance, and he proposed what he described as “modest” means testing.

“Let’s ask ourselves an honest question: do we really believe that the wealthiest Americans need to take from younger, hardworking Americans to receive what, for most of them, is a modest monthly Social Security check? I propose a modest means test that only affects those with non-Social Security income of over $80,000 per year, and phases out Social Security payments entirely for those that have $200,000 a year of other income,” Christie said.

He added that his proposal would only affect 2 percent of all Social Security recipients.

When it comes to Medicare, Christie would increase the current sliding scare of means testing.

“We should expand the sliding scale under my proposal. Seniors with an $85,000 a year income will pay 40% of premium costs and increasing it to 90% above $196,000 a year in retirement income, Christie said.

Christie also proposed raising the retirement age for Social Security.

“I’m proposing we raise the age to 69, gradually implementing this change starting in 2022 and increasing the retirement age by two months each year until it reaches 69. I also believe we need to raise the early retirement age – people who take their retirement early -- at a similar pace, raising it by two months per year until it reaches 64 from the current level of 62,” Christie

And he also called for raising the eligibility age for Medicare at what he described as “a manageable pace of one month per year, so that by 2040, you’d be eligible for Medicare at 67 years old, and by 2064 would be 69 years old. Raising the eligibility age, slowly so that people can plan for it, has another advantage. It encourages seniors to remain in the workforce.”

Christie also trained some of his fire on President Barack Obama, saying the president “has left us a debtor nation. In his short time in office, he has almost doubled the national debt – increasing it by over $8 trillion.”

“It won’t be easy to turn around the fiscal mess that Barack Obama has left us either. He has avoided the tough decisions. Imagine that the straightforward discussion I’ve just had with you today, President Obama has been afraid to have with you for the last eight years -- from the day he declared for president in February of 2007 to this very day,” Christie added.

[How Chris Christie is plotting a comeback with town hall meetings]

Christie ended his speech by touting that he’s not afraid to tackle the difficult issues, like entitlement reform.

“Here’s what you’ll learn about me. I have been talking about the growth of entitlements as a big problem, at both the state and federal levels, for a number of years. Not because it is politically popular, but because it is true. And because it will affect everything we can do as a country to make this century the second American century. I will not pander. I will not flip flop. I’m not afraid to tell you the truth as I see it, whether you like it or not,” Christie concluded.

Prior to his address, Christie met with students at Saint Anselm College. After a conference call with conservative reporters who were unable to watch the speech, Christie was headed to a retail stop at Caesario’s Pizza on Elm Street in Manchester.

Later in the day he was scheduled to hold a meet and greet at the Stone Church Tavern in Newmarket, followed by a closed door Seacoast Roundtable hosted by Renee Plummer, one of the most influential GOP activists along the coast.

Wednesday Christie meets and greets voters at Chez Vachon, a breakfast spot in Manchester, before holding a town hall in Londonderry. He returns to New Hampshire on Friday to speak at the NHGOP’s First-in-the-Nation Leadership Summit. The two-day confab in Nashua’s attracting just about every declared candidate and probable Republican White House contender.",1
1732,Democratic debate 2015: Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders finally face off,"Watch the first Democratic presidential debate Tuesday at 8:30 p.m. ET live on CNN and CNNgo ; join the conversation at #DemDebate

Washington (CNN) The shadow boxing that Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have played at for months -- they've barely mentioned each other on the campaign trail -- will give way to more direct jabs Tuesday night.

That's when the two rivals line up on stage at the first Democratic debate of the 2016 campaign, sponsored by CNN and Facebook. The encounter will provide a crucial opportunity for Clinton and Sanders -- the leading Democratic contenders -- to contrast their personalities, experience and approach to the key issues in the campaign.

Though Clinton and Sanders have rarely mentioned each other's names, they are clearly reacting to each other and their rival's potential weaknesses. Sanders took aim at Clinton's Wall Street record and Iraq vote over the weekend; she put him on the defensive on guns and his poor standing with minority voters.

Until now, they have each had good reason for avoiding full contact with the other. Clinton hasn't wanted to elevate Sanders and his surprisingly strong poll numbers, while Sanders has wanted to maintain his untraditional, above-the-fray image.

On Tuesday, that calculus will change. And the distinctions they've subtly staked out on a range of issues are only likely to grow sharper.

In the weeks leading up to the debate in Las Vegas, the two Democrats have been carefully finessing their political positions in relation to each other and their party's wide coalition, offering clues about how they will spar Tuesday night.

Sanders has been signaling he will try to strike a contrast with Clinton on reining in Wall Street and on her record of support for military interventions overseas. The former secretary of state, meanwhile, is under pressure to prove to progressives who have flocked to Sanders that she genuinely cares about the middle class. She's expected to highlight her differences with her rival on gun control and to demonstrate the broad support she has among minority voters -- a key sector of the Democratic coalition where Sanders is struggling.

As he limbered up for their clash, Sanders threw down the gauntlet on the Iraq War -- a thrust that Clinton has struggled to counter in the past -- hinting that she has hawkish views that are out of step with the majority of Democratic voters.

His campaign issued a statement reminding voters that he, then a member of the House of Representatives, voted against authorizing the Iraq war in late 2002. At the time he argued that the conflict would destabilize the Middle East, kill large numbers of Americans and Iraqi civilians and hamper the war on terror against al Qaeda.

The statement did not once mention Clinton -- but it did not have to. The then-New York senator did vote to authorize the Iraq war, and that vote was one of her greatest vulnerabilities in the 2008 Democratic campaign against Obama, who also opposed the war.

The Sanders statement raised the possibility that Clinton's vote could haunt her for a second presidential campaign.

""Democrats are no more fond of the Iraq war now than they were back then. That could be a problem,"" Peter Beinart, a foreign policy expert and CNN contributor, said Monday. He added that another Democratic candidate, former Virginia senator and Vietnam war veteran Jim Webb, who was also against the war, could double-team with Sanders to cause trouble for Clinton on the issue.

Sanders has also been staking out territory to Clinton's left on Syria. The former secretary of state recently distanced herself from Obama's much-criticized policy on the vicious civil war by calling for a no-fly zone to be set up to shield refugees.

Sanders issued a statement earlier this month pointing out that he opposes such an idea, warning that it could ""get us more deeply involved in that horrible civil war and lead to a never ending entanglement in that region.""

The statement appeared to be a clear appeal to Democrats who share Obama's antipathy toward getting the United States entangled in another Middle Eastern conflict and who are wary of Clinton's more activist instincts on foreign policy.

Sanders is not alone in seeing Clinton's foreign policy record as a vulnerability. Another Democratic candidate, former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, also picked up on her Syria position Sunday -- saying on CNN's ""State of the Union"" that a no-fly zone was not advisable and warning that the former secretary of state was ""always quick for the military intervention,"" apparently referring to her previous support for military action in nations such as Iraq and Libya.

Another area where Sanders seems more in tune with the progressive Democratic base is on Wall Street, especially since he has raised most of his money from small donors -- unlike the former secretary of state, who has been relying on big budget fund-raising events with rich contributors. Even with his small-donor focus, Sanders is nearly neck-and-neck in the fund-raising race with Clinton.

Clinton has made strenuous attempts to connect with what her campaign has called ""regular"" Americans, stressing the need to raise up the middle class to feel the benefits of the economic recovery. But Sanders has said that she hasn't done enough, an argument he may expand upon on the debate stage.

""People will have to contrast my consistency and my willingness to stand up to Wall Street and corporations with the secretary,"" Sanders said on NBC's ""Meet the Press"" on Sunday.

The Vermont senator also will likely draw an implied contrast with Clinton on two other issues -- the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact the United States and 11 other nations reached this month and the Keystone XL pipeline designed to carry oil from Canada's tar sands across the United States.

Clinton now says she is a 'no' on both issues, but she took months to get there -- despite fervent opposition to both projects from the left flank of the Democratic Party.

""I am glad that she has reached that conclusion,"" said Sanders in Washington last week when asked about Clinton's opposition to a trade agreement she championed repeatedly as secretary of state. ""This is a conclusion that I reached from day one.""

Yet Sanders is not alone in curating the battlefield for the Democratic debate. Clinton, while getting in line with progressive Democratic positions on big issues, has also been preparing to strike key contrasts with Sanders.

Guns are one policy issue where Sanders is not completely in sync with the Democratic base, so Clinton is likely to exploit it on Tuesday night.

She has been promising a forthright effort to enact new gun control laws after a string of recent mass shootings. It partly seems to be an attempt to focus attention her rival's record on guns, which recently saw him express his openness to reforms that would hold gun manufacturers liable for crimes committed with their weapons.

Clinton has also spent the runup to the debate cementing her links to key voting blocs of the Democratic coalition -- especially in sectors of the party where Sanders is weak. She can point to broad appeal in the party, which could be key to eventually blunting the challenge from Sanders after early-voting contests in the less diverse states of Iowa and New Hampshire where he is strong.

In recent weeks, Clinton has met representatives of the Black Lives Matter movement and has even criticized Obama for not going far enough in changing immigration laws.

""Hillary has done a lot of work leading up to this debate that has pretty much gone unnoticed,"" Patti Solis Doyle, Clinton's 2008 campaign manager, said on CNN on Monday.

""She's rolled out Latinos for Hillary, she has rolled out Women for Hillary, she has met with the leadership of Black Lives Matter, she has checked a lot of boxes walking into this debate,"" she noted. ""I think she is going to display tomorrow night (Tuesday) her vast support among this coalition.""

The challenge that Sanders faces reaching out to minority voters, who are a vital part of the Democratic Party voting bloc, was underscored by a new CNN poll Monday finding that only 1% of nonwhite voters in the important early voting state of South Carolina favor him.

That is a showing that Sanders must improve on if he is to come from behind and beat Clinton for the nomination.",1
1116,GOP Presidential Contenders Stay Classy With Major Shift In Debate Tone And Pitch,"GOP Presidential Contenders Stay Classy With Major Shift In Debate Tone And Pitch

After one more debate among the Republican contenders for president, the postgame conversation was once again dominated by Donald Trump's behavior.

But for once, it was about his good behavior. He did not shout or fulminate, nor did he pout or belittle his opponents or joust with the moderators.

In fact, after an even dozen of these events, all four remaining candidates kept a remarkably even keel at the University of Miami. Their previous two meetings had been rife with personal attacks that, at times, became almost juvenile, but on this night all four seemed intent on elevating the tone and tending to business.

The themes of the night were almost entirely policy oriented, with a few forays into political process and tiffs over who was doing better or more likely to win in November if nominated.

The two-hour debate was shown on CNN and co-sponsored by the Salem Media Group and The Washington Times. And although there is at least one more debate scheduled in Salt Lake City on March 21, the Miami event had the feeling of a finale.

The moderators began with a long discussion of job creation, which segued into trade, visas for high-tech workers, Social Security, the national debt, Obamacare, education policy, Common Core and, of course, immigration.

Much of the attention was on Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, who have together amassed more than 800 delegates to date. But both Marco Rubio and John Kasich, who face do-or-die primaries in their home states on Tuesday, had ample opportunity to defend their place in the race.

Trump, as has been typical, got most of the air time, with more than 27 minutes. Cruz and Rubio followed with a little under 22 minutes each, Kasich with less than 19.

Rubio and Kasich delivered solid reprises of their strongest debate moments to date, as if to say that if this was going to be their last outing, they would at least be at their best. Rubio, most notably, was once again the smooth and earnest spokesman for a new American dream, sharp on the issue details and long on the idealistic overtures. It was easier to understand why his expectations had been so high than to understand his third- and fourth-place finishes.

""For over two centuries, America has been an exceptional nation,"" Rubio said. ""And now the time has come for this generation to do what it must do to keep it that way. If we make the right choice in this election, our children are going to be the freest and most prosperous Americans that have ever lived.""

Kasich had this to say near the end of the debate:

In essence, though, both Rubio and Kasich trail so far behind in the delegate count that they are at this point running for influence at the convention and a prospective vice presidential bid. Either might make a classic running mate with high name recognition and campaign experience.

Florida is the largest swing state in the Electoral College, and no Republican has ever won the White House without winning Ohio.

Cruz, who has been Trump's closest competitor thus far, returned several times to the difference between talking about problems and knowing how to solve them.

""Donald is right,"" Cruz said, gesturing toward Trump. ""For example, he was just talking about international trade. He's right about the problems. But his solutions don't work. So, for example, his solution on international trade, he proposed earlier a 45 percent tariff on foreign goods. Now, he backed away from that immediately, and he may come back with a different number tonight.""

At another point, Cruz referred to his rival as ""a candidate who has been funding liberal Democrats and funding the Washington establishment,"" adding that ""it's very hard to imagine how suddenly this candidate is going to take on Washington.""

Trump was once again the man in the middle. But he was markedly different in playing the central role. He found a deft way, when discussing education, to mention that former rival candidate Ben Carson would be endorsing him the next day (an important coup given Carson's image, aura and remaining bloc of voters).

As ever, Trump pushed back when others pushed him, but without the ferocity seen in earlier debates. Questioned about how he could get tough on trade and immigration when his businesses brought in foreign workers and made products overseas, Trump responded calmly and firmly:

Challenged over a protester who was beaten at one of Trump's rallies this week, Trump said he did not condone such behavior. But he also said some of the disturbances at his events were caused by ""bad dudes"" who had been violent and disruptive, and added a salute to the local police, who he said had handled these situations well and deserved more support and respect.

The elevated tone of the Miami debate may have reflected the seriousness of the contest at this juncture. Tuesday brings the second biggest prize of the season: 99 delegates in the winner-take-all state of Florida. It is widely believed that Rubio must win his home state or fold his tent. Also winner-take-all is Ohio, where the same imperative hangs over incumbent Gov. Kasich.

But the other three states voting, Illinois, North Carolina and Missouri, rank fifth, 10th and 18th by population and size of convention delegations. Taken together, the five states on March 15 offer nearly as many delegates as were available on Super Tuesday, March 1.

At one point in the debate, the candidates were asked what they would do if none of them had the 1,237 delegates needed for a first ballot nomination.

Trump said he expected to have enough on the first ballot, adding that if he did not he would expect to support whichever candidate had the most. He called on the others to promise as much:",1
1611,Clinton campaign tries to use report to exonerate candidate in email scandal,"The Hillary Clinton campaign, in an unusual late-afternoon conference call, touted an exclusive Fox News report on the origin of the FBI probe into the candidate’s server in a bid to argue it proves she did nothing wrong -- though a top government watchdog pushed back on the campaign's claims.

The report by Fox News’ Catherine Herridge, for the first time, identified emails that helped kick-start the current investigation. The emails were from top Clinton advisers and had earlier been released to the Benghazi select committee.

On the conference call Wednesday reacting to the report, top Clinton campaign aides said those emails were not marked classified at the time they were sent.

However, despite the Clinton campaign’s claims, a spokeswoman for the intelligence community inspector general reiterated to Fox News that the information in the emails was in fact considered classified at the time it was sent.

An aide to Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, also issued a statement defending the intelligence community's concern. ""Just because the State Department may not think information is or should be classified, it does not have the authority [to] make that decision if it received the information from another agency,"" a Grassley spokesperson said.

Campaign Press Secretary Brian Fallon acknowledged Wednesday they have a disagreement on that point with the intelligence community inspector general. Clinton campaign officials said on the call that, at worst, this is a dispute between two agencies, as the State Department also maintains the emails were not classified.

Fallon said the campaign previously did not know which emails originally had been flagged, and called the Fox News report a “watershed” moment in understanding what led to the review. Calling the report “fortuitous” and saying they have no reason to doubt its veracity, the aides also emphasized the emails were not written by Clinton herself.

“We again would like to see the government agencies involved in this process to proceed as quickly as possible in conducting a review of the emails,” Fallon said. “We think it will vindicate all the points we made today on this whole matter.”

The emails identified by Fox News as helping spur the referral both pertained to Benghazi.

The first was forwarded by Clinton adviser Huma Abedin. The 2011 email forwards a warning about how then-deputy chief of mission Chris Stevens was ""considering departure from Benghazi"" amid deteriorating conditions in a nearby city. The email was mistakenly released by the State Department in full, and is now considered declassified.

The second was sent by Clinton aide Jake Sullivan. The partly redacted November 2012 email detailed how Libyan police had arrested ""several people"" with potential connections to the terror attack.

Abedin and Sullivan now work for the Clinton presidential campaign

Fox News understands those two emails were separate from four other emails that the inspector general flagged in July as containing classified information.

A statement from the IG’s office last month, though, referenced one of the two emails, pointing to an “inadvertent release of classified national security information” by the State Department through its FOIA process. That statement also acknowledged the disagreement between the two agencies, saying the department denies the “classified character” of the information “despite a definitive determination from the IC Interagency FOIA Process.”

Aside from that disagreement, the two emails also represent just a fraction of the hundreds of emails‎ that the IG and State Department have since flagged for containing potentially classified material.

The Clinton campaign argued Wednesday that this whole experience speaks to the government’s tendency toward classification.

“We think that this says more about the bent towards secrecy within some corners of the government. It says more about that than it does about Hillary Clinton’s email practices,” Fallon said.",1
3681,Terror trail? Feds probe digital profile of SoCal massacre suspects,"The Muslim couple who stormed an office holiday party Wednesday in Southern California, mowing down 14 people before dying hours later in a shootout with police, possessed a massive arsenal of ammo, bombs and high-powered weapons -- and investigators were hoping that computer drives and cell phones seized from their home could tell them whether they were radicalized terrorists with more targets in their sights.

Local and federal authorities - as well as President Obama - continued Thursday to resist calling the carnage at a San Bernardino social services facility terrorism, even as evidence mounted that the pair, who wore tactical gear and moved with grim precision, may have been jihadists armed to the teeth and hellbent on slaughtering innocent Americans. More than 5,000 rounds of ammunition were later found in their home, which sources described as ""an IED factory"" packed with explosives and bomb-making equipment.

""At this stage, we do not yet know why this terrible event occurred,"" Obama said in an address from the White House. ""We'll get to the bottom of this and be vigilant getting the facts before we issue decisive judgments on how this occurred.""

Syed Rizwan Farook, a U.S.-born citizen of Pakistani descent who had traveled to Saudi Arabia for nine days in the summer of 2014 and had recently begun wearing a full beard, and Tashfeen Malik, 29, burst into the facility Wednesday morning and sprayed up to 75 rounds at Farook's own terrified colleagues in a conference room where his employer, the county health department, was hosting a holiday party Farook had angrily bolted only minutes earlier. The pair escaped in a black SUV after the attack, which authorities said was over within as few as 10 minutes, only to resurface three hours later and less than 2 miles away in a fierce gun battle on the city's main drag.

""They came prepared to do what they did, as if they were on a mission,"" said San Bernardino Police Chief Jarrod Burguan, who refuted an earlier report by Fox News that the suspects wore GoPro cameras during their initial rampage.

Farook, 28, who authorities said was born in Illinois, and raised in California and had worked as a $51,000-per-year restaurant inspector at the San Bernardino County Department of Public Health for five years, was described by co-workers as a ""devout"" Muslim, who lived with his wife, child and grandmother in a home in nearby Redlands, which sources described as ""an IED factory."" Bomb squads working with robots swept the home late into the night Wednesday, and witnesses reported hearing several explosions. Malik, who had a 6-month-old baby with Farook, came to the U.S. on a K-1 (fiance of citizen) visa and had a Pakistani passport, according to authorities. It was not clear how long the couple had been together.

Burguan said Thursday he was ""not aware of any notes"" that might shed light on a possible motive. A source briefed on the investigation told Fox News Farook had been in contact with individuals who had been the subject of previous terrorism FBI investigations, but those investigations had been closed.

Meanwhile, jihadists and extremists took to social media to express joy over the American casualties, according to the Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI).

One user, Muhammad Abu Ubaida, tweeted: ""Allah Akbar, and thanks for Allah, the killing of at least 30 people in a shooting incident in San Bernardino in California,"" under the hashtag, “America Burning.”

Muslimah, a prominent pro-ISIS account, shared a photo believed to be of Syed Farook, and wrote: ""May Allah accept our brother & sister who were martyred after carrying out an operation against Crusaders in USA,"" MEMRI said.

At an afternon news conference, Attorney General Loretta Lynch said the FBI had taken the reins of the investigation, and a bureau spokesman said a focus of the probe is digital evidence collected from their homes, including hard drives, thumb drives and cell phones. While those could be part of a terror investigation, and FBI spokesman said it was too soon to ascribe religion as a motive.

""It is a possibility, but we don't know that,"" said Assistant Regional FBI Director David Bowdich. ""It's possible it goes down that road. It's possible it does not.""

A law enforcement source told Fox News that the couple were each carrying an AR-15 rifle and a pistol when they were shot and killed by police after a brief chase in their rented black Ford Expedition with Utah plates about 2 miles from the initial shooting site. The source said the vehicle also contained so-called ""rollout bags"" with multiple pipe bombs, as well as additional ammunition.

""That's a military tactic for a sustained fight,"" the source told Fox News of the rollout bags.

The guns found on the suspects, two rifles and two handguns, were purchased legally, according to Meredith Davis, a spokeswoman for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. Burguan said Thursday Farook had purchased the handguns, but he did not say who had bought the rifles.

It was unclear where the suspects may have been during the hours following the lightning-quick attack, but they did not get far. A police spokeswoman said police came across the SUV while ""doing follow-up work,"" and several reports said the car was at a nearby home police were staking out when the suspects got in and tried to flee. It was not immediately clear if that home was the one searched later in Redlands.

About three hours after the shooting, with police looking for a dark SUV, officers staking out the Redlands home after being tipped off by a colleague disturbed by Farook's exit from the party saw a vehicle matching that description. Word that police were hot on their trail came even as emergency responders were treating the wounded on the scene, and sparked a flurry of law enforcement racing to the scene just blocks away. The gunfight, caught on cellphone video by a bystander, was a furious exchange in which 23 officers fired a total of 380 rounds at the suspects, according to Burguan. Two officers suffered non-life threatening injuries.

In addition to the explosives found in the SUV, authorities discovered and detonated three pipe bombs late Wednesday at the Inland Regional Center, the complex where the initial shooting took place about 60 miles east of Los Angeles. Another source said investigators discovered a dozen pipe bombs in the house, as well as small explosives strapped to remote-controlled cars - a signature of terrorist groups including Al Qaeda, according to counter-terrorism experts. Police also found thousands of .223-caliber and 9mm rounds at the home.

""""Clearly they were equipped and could have done an other attack,"" Barguan said. ""Luckily we stopped them before that.""

 

 The initial shooting happened shortly before 11 a.m. local time at the state-run center, which includes three buildings where developmentally disabled people of all ages are treated. The conference area had been rented out by Farook's colleagues for a holiday banquet, according to authorities. Burguan said that Farook had angrily left the party before returning with Malik, however, other investigators doubted the shooting could be chalked up to a workplace dispute, due to the apparent planning behind the attack as well as the heavy weaponry used. On Thursday, officials raised to 21 the number of people injured in the attack.

Patrick Baccari, a co-worker of Farook who suffered minor wounds from shrapnel slicing through the building's bathroom walls, told The Associated Press he had been sitting at the same table as Farook at the banquet before his colleague suddenly disappeared, leaving his coat on his chair.

Baccari also said that Farook had traveled to Saudi Arabia for about a month this past spring. When Farook came back, word spread that he had gotten married and the woman he described as a pharmacist joined him shortly afterward. Baccari added that the reserved Farook showed no signs of unusual behavior, although he grew out his beard several months ago. A five-year-old profile for Farook on a dating site said he was ""religious"" and enjoyed hanging out in the ""back yard doing target practice with younger sister and friends.""

Center employees, who undergo monthly training drills to prepare for active shooter situations, initially thought the incident was a drill, according to the Los Angeles Times. But when real bullets flew, several hid in closets, barricaded themselves in rooms or fled for their lives.

The Inland Regional Center is one of 21 facilities serving people with developmental disabilities run by the state, said Nancy Lungren, spokeswoman for the California Department of Developmental Services. The social services agency administers, authorizes and pays for assistance to people with disabilities such as autism and mental retardation. On an average day, doctors at the regional centers would be evaluating toddlers whose parents have concerns and case workers meeting with developmentally disabled adults.

Fox News' Adam Housley and Catherine Herridge contributed to this report.",1
4586,Your election night survival guide: what to expect as polls close,"To become the 45th president of the United States, Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump has to win 270 electoral college votes. The candidates have spent what feels like 100 years locked in mortal combat, but in the next few hours there will finally be a victor. (Well, probably. If there’s a 269-vote tie, or a mandatory recount, prepare for constitutional chaos.)

Each state is assigned a certain number of electoral votes, ultimately based on its population. California has the most, with 55. Seven states – Alaska, Delaware, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Vermont and Wyoming – have just three electoral votes. Washington DC gets three too.

While there are 50 states in the US, most of these are “safely” Republican or Democrat. They vote the same way every time going back at least six elections. So the presidential election boils down to just a handful of “swing states” – the 10 or 11 states that have a recent history of selecting both Republicans and Democrats.

This is why voters in places such as Ohio, Florida, Iowa, North Carolina, Virginia, Nevada, Colorado and New Hampshire are subjected to a barrage of television advertising and campaign stops. It’s also why you have not seen Clinton and Trump holding rallies in Louisiana (safely Republican) or Washington (safely Democratic).

Trump faces a much more difficult path to victory. He needs to win almost all of these swing states to become the next president, whereas if Clinton wins two or three, she wins the race.

This is because Democrats start from a stronger position. There are 18 states plus DC that have voted for a Democrat for president in every election since 1992. That batch amounts to 242 electoral votes. There are only 13 states that have voted for a Republican in every election since 1992. Those states carry just 102 electoral votes.

If Clinton simply wins all the states that have voted for her predecessors in the recent past, then adds Florida (which has 29 electoral votes), she is the next president. If she loses Florida but wins, say, Virginia and North Carolina, she will be the next president.

Trump needs to hold on to all the historically Republican states, win states such as Georgia and Arizona – which are usually Republican but where he has struggled in the polls – and then win enough swing states to tip him over 270.

Buckle in because now the real fun begins: polls close in eastern Kentucky and most of Indiana. (Parts of each state are on central time, so the polls there close at 7pm ET.)

Mike Pence, Trump’s running mate, is the governor of Indiana. In the past 50 years the state has voted Democrat only once – for Barack Obama in 2008.

In some states we will know the winner almost immediately after the polls close. Most news outlets, including the Guardian, rely on the Associated Press to “call” races.

AP is able to announce the winners so quickly because it deploys thousands of people on election night to collect results from states, counties and locales as they are announced. It also uses exit polls and voting history.

Solidly Democratic or Republican states are likely to be called quickly. Swing states are likely to take longer.

Election drinking: Donald Trump doesn’t drink. But Donald Trump doesn’t have to worry about the prospect of a Donald Trump presidency. A nice way to toast – and mock, if you were minded to do so – the 70-year-old builder might be to mix up a “The Donald” cocktail as you settle in for the night. It’s got vodka, Goldschläger gold-leaf cinnamon schnapps and orange juice. But the most fun bit is the cotton candy on top. Doesn’t it look just like his hair?

Election fuel: It could be a long night, or a short one. But at this stage we likely do not yet know, so our advice is to fuel yourself for a marathon, not a sprint. And you can feed yourself and honour Ohio’s prominent role in US elections by preparing a Cincinnati chili. It’s a more Mediterranean take on your traditional chili, brought to Cincinnati by Macedonians in the 1920s. If you’re drinking more than one of “The Donald” cocktails, you will want to line your stomach!

Election soundtrack: Rolling Stones, You Can’t Always Get What You Want. A perfect kick-off to election night, given that both candidates are incredibly unpopular with the American public. Trump likes the Rolling Stones and played this song at his rallies. The Rolling Stones do not like Donald Trump, and asked him to stop. He didn’t.

Voting ends in three key swing states: Virginia, Florida and New Hampshire (where a minimal number of polling stations may stay open until 8pm ET).



Florida’s 29 electoral college votes have proved crucial in the recent past. Al Gore can tell you that. He narrowly lost the state – some still believe he actually won – and the election to George W Bush, despite winning the national popular vote.

Away from the top of the ticket, Florida senator and one-time Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio is up for re-election. He has been running a bit ahead of Democrat Patrick Murphy in the polls. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz, who resigned as chair of the Democratic National Committee in July after leaked emails showed the party favoring Clinton’s campaign, is expected to comfortably win re-election to Congress.

Virginia was a reliably Republican state until Obama won there in 2008 and again in 2012. The state’s mix of less-educated, rural voters; wealthy suburbanites; federal government employees and military families; academics; jet-setters and so on make it difficult to read, but Clinton has been decisively ahead this year.

New Hampshire has been won by a Democrat in five of the past six presidential elections. But the Granite State gave Trump his first big primary win, and recent polling here has shown a tight race.

Other states closing at 7pm ET include South Carolina and Vermont – Bernie Sanders’ home state. Sanders won the Democratic primary in Vermont by an amazing 73 points. But now he’s with her.

Election drinking: Supercall.com has a cocktail called “Hillary’s Dirty Little Secret”. It’s a vodka martini with hot sauce in it, a reference to an interview in April where Clinton said she always carried a bottle of hot sauce. You could quip to your friends that it’s a perfect choice, as the race is “beginning to heat up!”

Polls close in West Virginia, North Carolina and Ohio. Expect the result from West Virginia very quickly – Trump should win easily.

North Carolina and Ohio are swing states and will take longer. Ohio has been seen as a reliable bellwether state, voting for the presidential winner in every election since 1964. That run might be coming to an end, however, either because of the state’s changing demographics or because of the strangeness of the current contest, in terms of the unfavorability of both candidates.

While its demographics are complicated – a mix of Rust Belt, big cities, Appalachia, farmland and more – the Ohio electorate has grown more white and less educated than the national mean. That trend appears to account in part for Trump’s strength in the Buckeye State this year.

Election soundtrack: The Pretenders, Message of Love. Because Chrissie Hynde is was born in Akron, Ohio. You could also make a point about spreading a message of love. Or of someone pretending to spread a message of love. Not that we’re questioning, in any way at all, how much politicians love the voters.



In 2012, the Associated Press called the Indiana result just before 8pm. Vigo County, which borders Illinois in west Indiana, is seen as the ultimate bellwether. It has voted for the winner of every presidential election in 30 of the past 32 elections – dating back to 1888. Keep an eye out for its result.

Republicans have long dreamed of winning Pennsylvania’s 20 electoral college votes, based on growing support among once flourishing manufacturing and mining sectors in the south-western and north-eastern corners of the state. But Clinton has been creaming Trump in polls in Philadelphia and its suburbs, which is where most of the people live, and she has been comfortably ahead in statewide polls for months.

Pennsylvania will also be under scrutiny on election day because of Trump’s controversial claims that there has been voter fraud in Philadelphia in the past and his calls for “volunteer election monitors”.

The results in non-swing states will start to come in thick and fast. Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Mississippi, Missouri, New Jersey and Rhode Island all close at 8pm ET, and we can expect AP to call all these states pretty much immediately.

Maine’s polls also close at 8pm. It is one of only two states – the other is Nebraska, where voting finishes at 9pm – that splits its electoral votes according to congressional district.

The state as a whole is likely to vote Democrat, but Trump may steal an electoral vote in Maine’s second district, which is made up of more rural voters.

Election fuel: There’s a whole “Chefs for Hillary” page on Pinterest, a tribute to Clinton’s attempts to win the foodie vote. One of the recipes is provided by John Podesta, the chairman of Clinton’s campaign. It’s called Salsa di Noci and is basically nuts and pasta, but arranged into a large “H” shape.

The polls in Georgia close at 7pm or 8pm, depending on location. In the 2012 election, Mitt Romney was declared the winner just before 8.30pm. A Democratic candidate hasn’t won in Georgia since proper southern boy Bill Clinton in 1992, but strong support for Hillary Clinton in Georgia counties with a high African American population, and in Atlanta, have made her a threat to Trump.

If Clinton wins Georgia, Trump might as well concede. (Don’t hold your breath.)

Election tunes: Marvin Gaye, Inner City Blues (Make Me Wanna Holler). The African American vote is in, and Trump gets a big 1%.

Polls close in two traditional swing states: Wisconsin and Colorado, and in Arizona, which is usually firmly Republican but is swingy this year.



An increasingly influential Hispanic bloc and Mormons who can’t stand Trump – not to mention a superior Democratic ground game – mean that Clinton has a decent chance of becoming the first Democrat to win Arizona since her husband in 1996.

When the polls close in New York, at 9pm ET, they will have been open for 15 hours – the longest polling window of any state. Barring an almighty upset, Clinton will quickly be declared the winner.

Wyoming, Louisiana, North and South Dakota, Kansas and Texas all close at 9pm too. The networks should swiftly call these for Trump … unless loose talk of Clinton taking Texas, which last went Democratic in the Watergate era, comes true? If it’s that kind of night, water the horses and go to town.

Nebraska, which like Maine splits its electoral votes by congressional district, shuts its polls at 9pm ET. Barack Obama won Nebraska’s second district – Omaha – in 2008. Clinton could do the same this year, thanks to a well-financed get-out-the-vote effort spearheaded by Susan Buffett, daughter of Warren.

Election fuel: New York cheesecake. Hillary Clinton was born in Chicago but was a senator from New York for eight years. Donald Trump was born in Queens, New York, before inheriting his father’s successful real estate business. In January, Trump claimed his popularity was such that he could “stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue [in New York City] and shoot somebody” without losing voters. Trump has been trailing Clinton by 20% in New York.

Election soundtrack: Fleetwood Mac, Silver Springs. “I know I could’ve loved you, but you would not let me,” laments Arizona’s Stevie Nicks. Might Trump be thinking the same thing when the Grand Canyon State’s results come in?

Given Clinton’s apparent strength in Pennsylvania, we may see the state called for her by 10pm (or, in a deeply troubling upset for her, Trump may win). The New Hampshire result should also come in around this time. They will offer one of the first concrete indications of how the night is going.

Nevada and Iowa are the final swing states to close their polls. In the past two elections, Iowa was called quickly for Obama. Montana and Utah also close at 10pm; both are traditionally safe Republican states, but Trump’s unpopularity means independent Evan McMullin, who’s from Utah, has a strong chance of becoming the first non-Republican or Democrat to win electoral college votes since 1968.

Utah has been called soon after the polls close in the recent past. If McMullin is declared the winner, it’s a good sign that the night is truly in uncharted territory, terra incognita, in the most exciting way. Former congressional staffer Evan McMullin: buckle up, America.

More election drinking: Yuengling brewery – the oldest brewery in the US – is based in Pennsylvania. Its owner came out in support of Trump in October, a move which has seen some drinkers boycotting the beer. You could however source some craft ale from the Victory Brewing Company, also based in Pennsylvania. We might be getting an idea of who will be victorious around this time.

Election soundtrack: Neon Trees, Your Surrender. It’s almost definitely not about conceding a presidential election, but if Trump fails to win Utah, Neon Trees’ home state, then he might want to think about surrendering to Clinton.

Polls in California, Hawaii, Oregon and Washington close at 11pm ET. These are all safe Democrat states that are unlikely to unexpectedly impact the outcome.

Back in 2012, the Associated Press called the swing states of Colorado, Iowa, North Carolina and Ohio – worth a combined 48 electoral votes – in the space of 30 minutes at around 11pm, then declared Obama’s re-election at 11.38pm.

In 2008, networks announced Obama had won just after 11pm.

We might know the outcome sooner this time. Or we might not know for a while.

If Clinton’s lead in opinion polls translates to the actual polls, then we may see states called for her earlier, on the back of strong early voting results. If enough swing states are called quickly, we could find out the result before 11pm ET. Or, if Trump proves the polls wrong, the race could as quickly run to him.

Separately, there are some individual states to look out for.

Ohio is one. Some polling experts believe that if Trump doesn’t win there, it is effectively game over. Fivethirtyeight.com gave him less than a 1% chance of winning the presidency if he fails to take the Buckeye State.

Likewise, if Trump loses North Carolina or Pennsylvania or Florida, it also becomes very difficult for him to win.

And beyond that, if Clinton can win Georgia – remember, these are usually solidly Republican – it would suggest she is in for a blowout victory that could see the election called for her very early.

In 2012, Virginia was only called for Obama after midnight and Florida was not called for four days. Clinton is polling well ahead of Trump in Virginia, and strong early voting results might see her announced the winner early.

Election soundtrack: Queen Latifah, U-N-I-T-Y. We may see the first female president, following a campaign marked by sexism and inappropriate behaviour towards women. Queen Latifah called out the disrespectful treatment of women in this 1994 hit.

Election fuel: Cuban sandwich. Florida’s signature dish is said to have originated in Cuba or in Key West, part of the Florida Keys archipelago. It’s got ham, swiss cheese, mustard and pickles in it, and might be a good way to soak up the booze.

In the early hours, we would expect a victory speech and a concession speech –though Trump has spoken of a threat that the election could be rigged and refused to say that if he loses he will accept the result.

If elected, Clinton would be the first woman to be elected US president. She has repeatedly spoken about breaking the “glass ceiling” in politics, and has chosen to hold her election night party at New York City’s Javits Center, which actually has a glass ceiling.

If Trump is elected, he will be the first person with his own vodka line to be elected president, and only the fifth president to have never held elected office.

The winner will have 73 days to set up a new government before they are sworn into office on 20 January 2017.

But if you’re concerned about post-election withdrawal symptoms, don’t worry: the midterm elections, sometimes seen as a referendum on the president, will take place in November 2018. All 435 members of the House of Representatives will be up for re-election, along with a third of the Senate and more than half the governors.

And then, in summer 2019, a whole new cast of hopefuls will announce their presidential campaigns, and the whole thing starts over again. Great!

On theguardian.com, obviously. We’ve got reporters and videographers stationed around the country. We’re liveblogging all day and night.

NBC’s coverage of the 2012 election night was the the most watched of all channels, with an average of 12.1m viewers. Lester Holt, Savannah Guthrie and Chuck Todd will be co-hosting on Tuesday, and veteran Tom Brokaw will be involved as an analyst. NBC will be superimposing a map of the United States onto the Rockefeller Center ice rink.

Fox News has Megyn Kelly and Bret Baier lined up to anchor its coverage of the night. They’ll have Karl Rove and Charles Krauthammer on hand to dissect the results. Rove didn’t have such a good time of it in 2012, when he refused to accept that Ohio had voted for Barack Obama over Mitt Romney. Let’s see how he gets on this time.

ABC will have George Stephanopoulos anchoring from New York City. Robin Roberts will be tracking Clinton, Amy Robach will be with Trump. Michael Strahan will be out in Times Square interviewing the men and women on the street and getting reaction as the votes come in.

NPR will be manned by Robert Siegel, Audie Cornish, Rachel Martin, and Ari Shapiro until 2am ET. As well as Clinton v Trump, they’ll be following congressional and senate races around the country. NPR has also commissioned an artist to live-paint a mural of the electoral college map, filling in states as they are called. You’ll be able to watch that on Facebook.

The BBC will have Andrew Neil and World News America host Katty Kay stationed in Times Square. North America editor Jon Sopel will be with Clinton and World News America Laura Trevelyan will be following Trump, and Jeremy Vine will be explaining the results as they come in.

Sky News will also be based in Times Square. Jeremy Thompson will anchor Sky’s America Decides special on election night, Adam Boulton will be in Washington DC, and Kay Burley will be out and about talking to voters and campaigners. The news channel says it is sending “more people than ever” to cover the election.

Katy Perry, Roar. Played at almost every Clinton rally over the past year. Perry is a big Clinton supporter.

Lady Gaga, Hair. There aren’t very many songs devoted to hair. This is one that is. Gaga has endorsed Clinton.

OMD, If You Leave. A lament to us losing Barack Obama as president. “Seven years went under the bridge, like time was standing still.” He’s served eight years, but you get the idea.

Yoko Ono, Sisters O Sisters. A cry for gender equality and female empowerment. What better way to ring in the country’s first female president? If that happens.

Ice T feat Jello Biafra, Shut Up, Be Happy. For the dread moment when Trump looks like he might win.

America is now under martial law.

All constitutional rights have been suspended.

Do not attempt to contact loved ones, insurance agents or attorneys.

Do not attempt to think or depression may occur.

Curfew is at 7pm sharp after work.”

Simon & Garfunkel, America. For that shining-eyed moment when Clinton is heading for victory, but how you wish it was Bernie.

REM, I Believe. For that moment when the state of Georgia turns Democratic Blue.

The Delfonics, Didn’t I (Blow Your Mind This Time). Pennsylvania turns away from Clinton? How about a classic Philly soul walk-out tearjerker.

Roy Ayers, We Live In Brooklyn Baby. Clinton campaign HQ needs a home-borough anthem. “Our time is now, we gonna make it baby...”

The Donald: It comes with a thing of cotton candy on the top that looks like Trump’s hair. What more do you want? From Liquor.com:

Pour the vodka and Goldschläger into an ice-filled Collins glass, and top with the orange juice. Garnish with an orange wheel and big puff of cotton candy.

Hillary’s Dirty Little Secret: Cocktail website Supercall.com came up with this. It uses hot sauce, referencing an interview in April where Clinton said she carried hot sauce around with her.

Put the ingredients in a shaker tin with ice. Shake it up for 12 seconds. Strain it into a coupe cocktail glass and garnish with a cornichon pickle.

Potus Punch: Thank you to Omni Hotels for this one.

It’s pretty easy to make: “muddle berries”, the recipe says, then add ice, add the remaining ingredients, stir it up and pour it over ice.

There’s a whole “Chefs for Hillary page” on Pinterest. One of the dishes is by John Podesta, the chairman of Clinton’s campaign.

Salsa di Noci: Use a blender to grind up 2.5 cups of walnuts to a paste. Coat a sauté pan with olive oil and toast the nuts. When they’re golden brown, add half a stick of butter and 1 cup of chopped canned tomatoes. Add 1tsp of salt and .5tsp of pepper. Stir it up then add 1.5 cups of chicken stock. Simmer, then add 3tbsp of chopped fresh basil. Toss 1lb pasta with the sauce, and add .5 cup of parmesan cheese. To finish, arrange the pasta into a “H”. For Hillary.

You can also find six of Trump’s favorite recipes here.

What’s the mood where you are? Share your pictures and views with us.",1
4524,"Orlando gunman who pledged loyalty to ISIS was ‘homegrown’ extremist radicalized online, Obama says","ORLANDO — President Obama said the gunman who opened fire in a nightclub here Sunday appeared to be motivated by extremist propaganda online, while saying that investigators delving into the attacker’s background have not found anything linking him with radical groups.

Even as new details emerged from law enforcement officials about the deadliest shooting rampage in U.S. history — a massacre that left 49 people dead and dozens of others wounded — authorities said the widening investigation was still working to determine more about what motivated the attack.

The rampage also reverberated on the presidential campaign trail, as the leading presidential candidates offered dueling speeches Monday that pivoted off the attack.

Donald Trump, the presumptive GOP nominee, called for a ban on immigrants from any area of the world with a history of terrorist attacks against the United States, going beyond his previous calls to bar Muslims from traveling to the country. In her own remarks, Hillary Clinton, the expected Democratic nominee, said stronger gun control laws were needed to prevent suspected terrorists from having access to weapons.

While law enforcement officials were still working to determine what motivated the gunman — 29-year-old Omar Mateen — the FBI said Monday that he had been placed on a terrorism watch list during a 10-month period in 2013 and 2014 after he was investigated for inflammatory comments he made to co-workers.

During a three-hour hostage standoff with police after the shooting spree Sunday, Mateen referenced the Islamic State, and the militant group — also known as ISIS or ISIL — claimed Monday that Mateen was a “soldier” for its self-proclaimed caliphage. However, officials say that so far, no signs have emerged that he was guided by groups outside the country.

“We see no clear evidence that he was directed externally,” Obama said during remarks in the Oval Office. “It does appear that at the last minute, he announced allegiance to ISIL. But there is no evidence so far that he was in fact directed by ISIL, and at this stage there’s no direct evidence that he was part of a larger plot.”

Obama said the shooting appeared so far to be a case of “homegrown extremism.”

The comments by Obama and other law enforcement officials Monday offered the sharpest look yet at what authorities believe may have motivated the gunman who attacked Pulse, a popular gay club in Orlando.

“We’re working hard to understand the killer, and his motives, and his sources of inspiration,” FBI Director James B. Comey said Monday. “We’re highly confident that this killer was radicalized, and at least in some part through the Internet.”

Even as this information emerged, police were still revealing details about the shooting and the hostage situation that followed, while relatives of victims were still awaiting word about whether their loved ones were among the wounded or dead.

[Classmates say Orlando gunman was ‘cheering’ on 9/11]

Comey said that during the three-hour standoff the gunman had with Orlando police officers, there were three different 911-related calls. The gunman called 911 about half an hour after opening fire and then hung up the phone, Comey said. Mateen then called a second time and spoke briefly to a dispatcher before hanging up again, and then the dispatcher called him back and they spoke briefly.

“During the calls, he said he was doing this for the leader of ISIL, who he named and pledged loyalty to,” Comey said.

However, Comey said there were no signs that Mateen was tied to any kind of network, and he added that it remained unclear exactly what extremist group this attacker supported.

In addition to referencing the Islamic State, Mateen also mentioned the Boston Marathon bombers as well as a Florida man who had joined an al-Qaeda affiliate and carried out a suicide attack in Syria, leaving his specific sympathies unknown, Comey said.

Law enforcement officials in Florida, meanwhile, offered a new accounting of the shootout. Orlando Police Chief John Mina said that police first encountered Mateen shortly after the initial gunfire at about 2 a.m., when an off-duty officer working at the club — Adam Gruler, a 15-year veteran of the force — exchanged shots with Mateen.

Additional officers called to the scene soon joined in another gun battle, at which point Mateen retreated further into the building and, eventually, into a bathroom. The police then held back because there were no more gunshots, Mina said, and they tried to negotiate with Mateen to avoid any more bloodshed.

Mateen was in a bathroom with four or five people, while another 15 or 20 were in another bathroom, Mina said. During these negotiations, Mateen was “cool and calm” and did not make many demands, Mina said.

After about three hours, police said they decided to storm Pulse after the shooter referenced bomb belts or explosives. Mina said the police used explosives and then an armored Bearcat to break a hole in the club’s wall. Hostages poured out, and Mateen — armed with a pair of guns — came out as well.

During the gun battle, Mateen was killed and one Orlando police officer — Michael Napolitano, a 14-year veteran of the force — was injured when a bullet struck his Kevlar helmet. In a statement Monday, police identified Napolitano and the other officers who fired shots at the nightclub. Following state protocol, all 11 of these officers have been relieved of duty while the state investigates their shootings.

However, much still remains unclear, including whether any hostages might have been injured or killed by crossfire.

In a news conference Monday, Mina said storming the building “was the right decision to make” because police thought other lives might be in danger.

Authorities say they are continuing to explore whether other people may be connected to the case. The investigation into Mateen has expanded to look at other people, and it stretches from Florida to Kabul.

Investigators also said Monday that they had found a third gun in Mateen’s car and were working to trace its origins after learning that the two weapons he had during the shooting — a handgun and an assault-rifle-type weapon — were purchased legally.

There is now “an investigation of other persons,” A. Lee Bentley III, the U.S. attorney for much of Central Florida, said at a news conference Monday. Bentley said prosecutors have “no reason to believe that anyone connected to this crime is placing the public in imminent danger,” but he offered no other details.

“We’ve been collecting a great amount of electronic and physical evidence,” Bentley said Monday. The FBI also said Monday that investigators have processed more than 100 leads so far.

Authorities said Monday afternoon that they had identified relatives or next-of-kin for nearly all of the victims, making notifications for 48 of the 49 people killed. (On Sunday, police had included Mateen when saying 50 people were killed.) For many, the hours stretching from Sunday into Monday were filled with dread as they awaited word about whether their loved ones were among the wounded or dead.

All the bodies were removed from the club by 11 p.m. Sunday, authorities said.

[Floor plans show interior of club where 49 were killed]

Orlando Regional Medical Center, where many shooting victims were taken, said Monday that the hospital was still treating 29 people, including five who were “in grave condition.” A number of victims were in critical condition or in shock, the hospital said. Hospital officials also said local blood banks had more than 600 units on hand due to the surge in people who donated blood after the shootings.

As the investigation into Mateen moved into its second day, many questions remained unanswered — including what, specifically, might have motivated him. Bentley said investigators were serving search warrants, and the FBI asked anyone with information about the 29-year-old’s life to call 1-800-CALLFBI.

In Orlando and beyond, the investigation was still trying to determine the steps that led up to the attack Sunday.

Comey said the FBI was working to determine the role anti-gay bigotry may have played in Mateen’s choice of a target. The Islamic State has carried out a relentless campaign against gay people, releasing videos showing its members gruesomely executing people they said were homosexual.

Mateen had been on the FBI’s radar twice in recent years. In 2013, agents opened an investigation that lasted 10 months after Mateen made comments to co-workers about terrorist groups and expressed a desire to martyr himself.

Investigators interviewed him twice, but Mateen said he made the remarks in anger because he felt co-workers were teasing him for being Muslim, and the preliminary inquiry was closed in 2014, Comey said.

Two months later, Mateen again came to the attention of federal agents looking into the Florida man who blew himself up in Syria, Comey said. Mateen and this man attended the same mosque, according to Comey. Again, the FBI interviewed Mateen, looked into his possible ties to the suicide bomber, determined that there were no strong ties and moved on.

Even given Mateen’s mentions of the Islamic State, the level of possible connections between the gunman and the militant group were unclear.

The Islamic State’s al-Bayan Radio described him Monday as “one of the soldiers” of its self-described caliphate, but it offered no further details on possible contact before the attack, said the SITE Intelligence Group, which monitors statements by extremist factions.

If it does appear that the Orlando gunman was radicalized from material available online, it would follow a pattern seen in earlier shooting rampages in San Bernardino, Calif., and Chattanooga, Tenn., last year.

A U.S. official, speaking to reporters on condition of anonymity to discuss intelligence assessments, said that attacks inspired by the Islamic State, even when conducted without support from the group’s core operation, helped illustrate to followers that they remained a significant military force despite loss of territory in Iraq and Syria over the last year.

“In a sense, inspired attacks and attacks conducted in their name globally” allows them to perpetuate a key perception: continued expansion, the official said. Such attacks show would-be supporters that “they’re very much still alive and potent.”

Secretary of Defense Ashton B. Carter, speaking en route to Brussels, told reporters that the shooting should “further steel everyone’s resolve to defeat ISIL and its parent tumors in Iraq and Syria.”

[There was another terrible case of gun violence over the weekend]

As terrorism again surged to the forefront of the country’s political debate, Trump and Clinton shifted plans for events Monday to focus their remarks on national security.

Clinton, speaking in Cleveland, warned that the threat posed by the Islamic State is “metastasizing” and vowed to make “targeting lone wolves a top priority” if elected.

She also said that someone who has been watched by the FBI “shouldn’t be able to just go buy a gun with no questions asked.” Clinton, echoing remarks Obama has made, also said the shooting was a reminder of the need for stronger gun control laws.

“It’s essential that we stop terrorists from getting the tools they need to carry out attacks,” she said. “I believe weapons of war have no place on our streets.”

Before his speech in New Hampshire, Trump made television appearances to reject calls for more gun control and repeatedly accuse Obama of being somehow sympathetic with radicalized Muslims.

“We’re led by a man that either is not tough, not smart, or he’s got something else in mind,” Trump said.

Orlando now joins the mournful list of terrorism-linked bloodshed — Brussels in March, Paris and San Bernardino last year, the Boston Marathon in 2013, London in 2005 and other sites — and is certain to strike deep into American debates over gun rights and how far authorities can go to track potential terrorism threats. And the shooting struck a popular gay club on its Latin night.

From around the world, condolences and pledges of support poured in. Vigils and memorials were held from New Zealand to Europe. The Eiffel Tower will be lit in rainbow colors Monday evening.

In Afghanistan, the country’s chief executive, Abdullah Abdullah, said the Orlando attack “tells us that terrorism knows no religion, boundary and geography. Terrorism must be eliminated.”

Officials in Afghanistan — Mateen was born in the United States, while his parents were born there — also opened investigations into any possible connections between the gunman and militant groups. Yet Mateen’s father insisted his son had no Islamist terrorism ties and showed no warning signs the day before the shooting.

Mateen had legally purchased the two guns — which the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said were an ­AR-15-type weapon and a 9mm semiautomatic pistol — within “the last few days,” according to Trevor Velinor of the ATF.

A U.S. official, speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss the investigation, said the FBI had found nothing in Mateen’s past that would have legally blocked him from purchasing a gun. The bureau’s previous inquiries, the official said, would have been insufficient to achieve that.

Mateen purchased two guns from the St. Lucie Shooting Center, shop owner Ed Henson said at a news conference Monday.

“An evil person came in here and legally purchased two firearms from us,” Henson said, adding that Mateen had multiple security licenses and passed a full background check before he was allowed to buy the guns.

Henson said if Mateen hadn’t bought the guns at his shop, he would have been able to buy them somewhere else.

“We happened to be the gun store he picked. It’s horrible,” said Henson, who spent two decades with the New York Police Department before retiring in 2002. “I’m sorry he picked my place. I wish he’d picked nowhere.”

Mateen’s ex-wife, Sitora Yusifiy, said he beat her repeatedly during their brief marriage, and she called him unstable.

Mateen’s father, however, called his son “very dignified.” In a video posted to Facebook shortly after midnight, Seddique Mateen, who lives in Florida, called the shooting “tragic” but said his son was “a good son and an educated son.”

He said his son shouldn’t have carried out the massacre because “God himself will punish those involved in homosexuality.”

“I don’t know what caused him to shoot last night,” said the father, who has hosted a U.S. -based television show on Afghan affairs and describes himself as an important figure in his homeland.

“No radicalism, no,” the father told The Washington Post late Sunday from his home in Port St. Lucie, Fla. “He doesn’t have a beard even. . . . I don’t think religion or Islam had anything to do with this.”

Berman reported from Washington. Emma Brown, Brian Murphy, Jenna Johnson, Missy Ryan, Adam Goldman and Jerry Markon in Washington; Katie Zezima, Hayley Tsukayama and Amanda Elder in Orlando; Abby Phillip in Cleveland; and Thomas Gibbons-Neff in Brussels contributed to this report. Also contributing: Greg Miller, Joby Warrick, Tim Craig, Sarah Larimer and Julie Tate.

The history of the AR-15, the weapon that had a hand in the United States’ worst mass shooting

Islamic State shows it can still inspire violence as it emphasizes attacks abroad

This story will be updated throughout the day.",1
233,"Congressional leaders pushing debt limit plan, ahead of speaker vote","Congressional leaders and the Obama administration are getting closer to a potential deal on a plan to address looming debt limit and budget deadlines, Fox News has learned -- as House Speaker John Boehner tries to avert one last fiscal crisis before handing the reins over to his successor.

Rep. Paul Ryan, the front-runner for Boehner's job in elections set for later this week, would be poised to inherit a plate of problems on the budget front unless the current leadership can resolve it.

The U.S. government faces a Nov. 3 deadline to raise the federal borrowing limit, and a Dec. 11 deadline to pass a new budget.

Fox News has learned that leaders, though, are nearing a two-year budget agreement that would also raise the debt ceiling. Tentatively, the plan would hike the debt ceiling through as far as the spring of 2017, after the presidential election. Plus, it would fund the government through at least next October.

The matter is being negotiated at the highest levels among a cadre of only about 10 officials, Fox News is told.

But multiple sources made clear this is not resolved yet -- and will need to be addressed at a series of congressional meetings set for Tuesday.

If an agreement is reached, it's unclear whether Boehner would try to push it through under his leadership or push it to the next speaker.

Without a vote to raise the debt ceiling, the U.S. government could be unable to pay all its bills, threatening benefit payments and agency operations and raising prospect of an unprecedented government default. At the same time, the routine raising of the debt ceiling -- this time, past an $18.1 trillion mark -- has outraged fiscal hawks worried that the government borrowing is unsustainable. Since President Obama took office, the national debt has increased nearly $8 trillion.

While the debt ceiling has presented a recurring crisis on Capitol Hill, this time there was not even a roadmap for raising it, until now. Republicans have been demanding budget cuts as part of any deal, but House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi and the White House insist on a ""clean"" measure without strings attached.

Conservative groups have been putting pressure on allies in Congress not to give in.

""If Congress doesn't use the power of the purse, we don't need a Congress and we just have an executive with no check,"" Michael Needham, CEO of Heritage Action for America, told ""Fox News Sunday.""

Needham said he thinks Ryan ""wants to use that leverage"" that comes with the debt ceiling deadline.

Fox News is told Ryan is not part of the current negotiations.

Secret-ballot GOP elections are set for Wednesday in the vote for speaker, followed by a full House vote Thursday. Rep. Ryan, R-Wis., appears to have the lion's share of support from all wings of the Republican conference.

But if the budget and debt problems are not resolved, Ryan, the GOP's 2012 vice presidential nominee, could face immediate -- and perhaps competing -- tasks: passing must-do debt and spending bills likely to be opposed by a majority of Republicans, even while he attempts to unite a badly fractured House GOP.

Conservative Republicans suggest Ryan could get leeway for how he navigates the immediate crises he inherits, including the debt ceiling, if it's not dealt with before he assumes the speakership.

""If we get six months down the road and nothing's really changed, if we get eight months down the road and nothing's really changed, then I think it's, `Everybody needs to get a helmet' time,' "" said GOP Rep. Mark Amodei of Nevada. ""There's a reason John Boehner decided to resign.""

After announcing his surprise plans last month to leave Congress on Oct. 30, Boehner expressed a desire to ""clean the barn"" of messy must-pass legislation, rather than leave it for his successor. The debt limit was at the top of the list, given the impending deadline and the reluctance of most Republicans to pass an increase without accompanying spending cuts the White House is ruling out.

Fox News' Chad Pergram and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
1140,Why House Democrats think Donald Trump can deliver them big gains,"There's a sense of growing optimism among Democrats that if Donald Trump is at the top of the ticket they might have a chance at what otherwise seems impossible: curtailing the GOP's stranglehold on the US House of Representatives.

The fundamental landscape is deeply unfavorable to House Democrats. They're down 30 seats and behind in fundraising with district boundaries drawn in such a way that winning a national majority of votes won't deliver them a majority of seats. They need, fundamentally, something game-changing and weird to happen. And then, like magic, along comes Donald Trump, who happens to be weak in exactly the sort of Republican-leaning suburban districts they are hoping to peel away from the GOP.

""[Trump] makes districts that would have been hard-core tossup districts"" into ones that lean Democratic, and gives Democrats ""a little bit of a push"" in Republican-leaning districts across the country, according to Kelly Ward, the executive director of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee.

In a practical sense, the DCCC's pre-Trump vision was heavily focused on the long-term planning of what they call The Majority Project, a multi-cycle effort to simultaneously improve the DCCC's field and data infrastructure while understanding which districts are being made newly competitive by ongoing demographic change.

""Data shows us that Democrats are moving into Republican districts and making them more Democratic over time, as we look between now and 2020,"" DCCC chair Rep. Ben Ray Luján (D-NM) told me just before Trump's Super Tuesday sweep. Post-sweep, Ward says, the Trump takeover ""accelerates this for us.""

For a sense of exactly how lost and forlorn House Democrats were before Trump breathed new life into their hopes, it's useful to look beyond the DCCC to the behavior of Maryland Rep. Chris Van Hollen. Himself a former DCCC chair, he was widely regarded as a likely successor to Nancy Pelosi as the Democrats' leader in the House, since the top two Dems behind her in the party hierarchy, Steny Hoyer and James Clyburn, are both quite old themselves.

But rather than hold on to a safe House seat and hope to sweep into the speakership, he chose to resign his seat in order to fight a tough contested primary for the Democratic nomination for an open Senate seat in Maryland — a clear indication that he saw no short-term path to significant gains in the House.

And he's not alone. House Democrats face two serious headwinds in their quest for a majority that they are essentially powerless to cure.

The first is that the map is simply very unfavorable to them. Back in 2012, Barack Obama won considerably more votes than Mitt Romney, but Romney actually carried more House districts. This is because Democrats, through a mix of partisan gerrymandering and natural geography, are more likely to be packed into lopsided districts. To win the House, they need a landslide, not just a win.

The second is that House landslides, when they happen, almost always hurt the incumbent president's party.

The basic dilemma for a House minority whose party controls the presidency is that either people are generally happy with the status quo, in which case the president is likely to be popular but voters are unlikely to vote out tons of House incumbents, or else people are unhappy with the status quo, in which case the voters are likely to punish both the president and his co-partisans in the House.

Democrats' only real hope for 2016 is for something off-the-charts weird to happen in presidential politics. Something like, say, a vulgar real estate developer turned reality television host with scant record of involvement in the conservative movement erupting onto the scene with an under-developed policy agenda and a track-record of offensive statements and inflammatory rhetoric.

It is, of course, possible that if Trump secured the Republican nomination, he will prove himself to be an exceptionally skilled candidate who mops the floor with Hillary Clinton in ways we can barely imagine today. It is also possible that unpredictable events — terrorist attacks, foreign wars, financial crises — will impinge on the election in ways that badly damage Clinton's hope. In either of those cases, House Democrats will be dragged down too.

But based on what we know of Trump so far, he seems likely to be a weak general election nominee who is weak specifically in areas that House Democrats see as growth possibilities.

Democrats' top targets are a series of suburban districts where Republican incumbents have retired, somewhat fatigued with the incessant inter-caucus warfare among House Republicans. These kind of districts — places like PA-8, MN-2, NV-3, NY-19 — are places whose Republican voters are disproportionately well-educated and supporting non-Trump candidates. Those are the voters most likely to be persuaded to swing to Clinton or just stay home as a reaction to GOP disunity in the face of Trumpism.

Meanwhile, one crucial element of Democrats' larger focus has been on identifying areas where the Latino population is growing rapidly in ways that are likely to make them more competitive over the medium term.

But a big challenge Democrats traditionally face is that Hispanics punch below their weight in terms of actual voter turnout. Ward believes that ""turnout momentum that we could see among Hispanic voters because of Donald Trump could accelerate that competition."" In general, she notes that Democrats win when turnout is high, and the media's fascination with Trump is creating ""heightened electoral awareness"" in a way that should boost Democrats.

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has, according to press reports, already privately told colleagues that his caucus will drop Trump ""like a hot rock"" if his presence at the top of the ticket seems to be hurting Senate candidates in New Hampshire, Florida, Wisconsin, and elsewhere.

Dropping your party's presidential candidate is a tough trick to pull off for a Senate candidate, and it's not clear that it's at all possible in a House race.

Most people, after all, simply don't pay that much attention to their local member of Congress. Meanwhile, national media is overwhelmingly focused on the presidential race. Ward argues, plausibly, that the celebrity presence of Trump in the race should only exacerbate that tendency for presidential politics to crowd out everything else.

""Donald Trump will define this election as we have seen from day one,"" Ward says, ""he will dominate the attention and he will create the narrative of the election.""",1
455,The unemployment rate is now lower than it was at any time during Reagan's presidency,"As of this month, the unemployment rate is now lower than it was at any point during Ronald Reagan's administration:

That said, the labor force participation rate has fallen since Reagan's day. That's mostly about population aging — there are a lot more retired people now than there used to be — and a little bit about more people being in college, but that doesn't fully explain it. The labor force participation rate of ""prime-aged"" men between the ages of 25 and 55 has been steadily declining for decades, and in the past 10 years the participation rate for prime-aged women has fallen slightly as well.",1
637,Elizabeth Warren declares herself ready to be Hillary Clinton's running mate,"Senator Elizabeth Warren has declared herself ready to be Hillary Clinton’s running mate in the US presidential election.

The Massachusetts senator – popular among the progressive wing of the Democratic party – made the declaration shortly after endorsing Clinton, calling her “a fighter with guts” who would keep Donald Trump out the White House.

In an interview on MSNBC, Warren was asked by Rachel Maddow: “If you were asked to be Secretary Clinton’s running mate, do you believe you could do it?”



In another interview with the Boston Globe on Thursday, Warren endorsed Clinton as the party’s presidential nominee, saying: “I’m ready to jump in this fight and make sure that Hillary Clinton is the next president of the United States and be sure that Donald Trump gets nowhere near the White House.”

According to the Globe she also praised Clinton’s primary opponent, Bernie Sanders, saying that he had run an “incredible campaign”.



Speaking to MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow on Thursday evening, Warren said the Sanders campaign had been “powerfully important”.

“He ran a campaign from the heart, and he ran a campaign where he took these issues and really thrust them into the spotlight – issues that are near and dear to my heart – and he brought millions of people into the democratic process,” she said.



But, Warren said, “Hillary Clinton won. And she won because she’s a fighter, she’s out there, she’s tough. And I think this is what we need.”

Warren’s endorsement came within hours of President Barack Obama formally giving his endorsement to Clinton’s candidacy. “I’m with her,” Obama said, in a video recorded on Tuesday. “I don’t think there has ever been someone so qualified to hold this office.”

Vice-President Joe Biden also appeared to give his endorsement on Thursday, referring in a speech to “… whoever the next president is – and God willing it will be Hillary Clinton”.



Warren, a favourite of the progressive left who taught constitutional law at Harvard, is seen as a possible running mate who could help entice back a disaffected left that has been excited by Sanders but ambivalent about Clinton.



Warren has been especially fierce recently in her criticism of Donald Trump, attacking the presumptive Republican nominee in a searing string of speeches, setting herself up for a prominent and pugilistic role in the presidential election whether she is on the ticket or not.



Earlier on Thursday, at a speech to the American Constitution Society in Washington DC, Warren hit out at Trump as “just a businessman who inherited a fortune and kept it rolling along by cheating people”.

She described him as “a loud, nasty, thin-skinned fraud who … serves no one but himself”, and said his attacks on Gonzalo Curiel, the federal judge presiding over the Trump University suit, was “exactly what you would expect from somebody who is a thin-skinned racist bully”.",1
4426,Elizabeth Warren: Why the media won’t take no for an answer,"Has it come to this? We’re now begging Elizabeth Warren to run for president.

Are journalists so determined to slow down the Hillary coronation that they will badger and beseech the freshman senator until she runs just to stop the media torture?

Folks, this is getting embarrassing.

How many times does Warren have to say she is not pursuing the presidency before we take her at her word? How many different ways does she have to word her denials?

Sure, a woman-on-woman contest for the Democratic nomination would be fascinating to cover in a country that has had 44 male presidents. But read my lips: Not. Going. To. Happen.

When Warren makes Shermanesque disavowals in dozens of interviews, why does each journalist think that this time there will be a different result?

This has to transcend the desire for a horse race. Some pundits’ hearts simply beat faster when the Massachusetts Democrat talks about taking on Wall Street and battling special interests. The prospect of her launching a liberal crusade in 2016 excites them in ways that Hillary’s cautious, establishment-oriented approach does not — even more so in the wake of the email furor.

Take the Boston Globe, whose editorial page has openly urged its home-state gal to take the plunge:

“Democrats would be making a big mistake if they let Hillary Clinton coast to the presidential nomination without real opposition, and, as a national leader, Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren can make sure that doesn’t happen. While Warren has repeatedly vowed that she won’t run for president herself, she ought to reconsider…

“A presidential campaign would test Warren as never before. Her views on foreign policy are not fully formed. And on many other important issues — climate change, gun control, civil rights — Warren could struggle to articulate clear differences between herself and Clinton. That’s a risk she should be willing to take.”

Which brings us to the “Today” show. Warren has been making the rounds to promote the paperback edition of her book, and swatting away the inevitable question. Savannah Guthrie would not give up.

She began: “You didn’t think you’d get away with this interview without my asking you point-blank: Are you going to run for president?”

“No,” Warren said. “I’m not running and I’m not going to run.”

The senator said she had a great job and wants to fight for such issues as student loans, medical research and the minimum wage. But Guthrie was not to be deterred.

“Let me make sure that we underscore this and maybe bold it and put it in all caps…It has seemed you were hedging a little bit in the past. I don’t hear you hedging now. Are you saying unequivocally, I am not running for president in 2016?”

Warren started laughing. “I’m not running. I’m not running,” she said.

Guthrie tried another angle: Warren was the “perfect person” to push these middle-class issues, but her supporters are “afraid Hillary Clinton won’t give voice to these issues that you care about.”

Warren wouldn’t take the bait and didn’t mention Hillary in her answer. So Savannah tried again: Is Hillary “the right messenger”?

“I think we need to give her a chance to decide if she’s going to run,” said Warren, who obviously knows Hillary is running.

That must have been it, right? Uh uh.

“Possibly I’m beating a dead horse here,” Guthrie said, admitting the obvious, “but did you ever even entertain, consider the possibility, of running for president?”

Guthrie was doing her job, trying to prod Warren into uttering a newsworthy sound bite rather than just repeating her talking points and plugging her book.

As in romance, Warren is more desirable for being unobtainable. Mitt Romney went through the same thing, with the press badgering him about running a third time, until he said he might, whereupon the same press ripped him for being a bad candidate. And many forget that Warren had a rocky campaign when she won her Senate seat.

Elizabeth Warren’s dogged denials on “Today” should end this question once and for all. But journalists, who are in denial, will keep on asking.

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
4536,Fact-checking Barack Obama's 2016 State of the Union address,"Editor's note: We also annotated the State of the Union on Medium. Follow us on Medium to see our commetary.

President Barack Obama went after his doubters in his final State of the Union address, dismissing their warnings about the country’s economy and military preparedness under his watch as ""political hot air.""

""Let me tell you something: The United States of America is the most powerful nation on earth. Period. It's not even close. It's not even close,""

Yet even as he defended his seven years as commander in chief, Obama acknowledged he didn’t deliver on his to bring a more civil tone to a sharply divided Capitol Hill.

""It’s one of the few regrets of my presidency  —  that the rancor and suspicion between the parties has gotten worse instead of better,"" Obama said. ""There’s no doubt a president with the gifts of Lincoln or Roosevelt might have better bridged the divide, and I guarantee I’ll keep trying to be better so long as I hold this office.""

PolitiFact is fact-checking several statements from Obama’s speech, as well as the Republican response from South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley.

A year ago, Obama used the same setting to claim the United States has seen ""our deficits cut by two-thirds"" during his tenure. We rated that claim .

During his 2016 State of the Union address, Obama raised the bar, saying, ""We’ve done all this while cutting our deficits by almost three-quarters.""

When we checked Obama’s assertion a year ago, he compared his first budget year in office, 2009, with 2014, using the deficit as a percentage of gross domestic product, or GDP. Economists consider this a valid way to measure the size of the deficit. In fact, for most purposes, it’s the best way, since it factors in the economy’s change over time.

According to this data, the deficit as a percentage of GDP has fallen by 76 percent -- almost exactly what Obama said.

If you use dollars rather than percentage of GDP, the decline is a bit smaller but still pretty close -- 70 percent.

That said, experts have told us that while Obama's math may be correct, it's missing some important caveats. It's important to note that the deficit swelled in 2009 partly because of the massive stimulus program to jumpstart the cratering economy. Also, experts have said the more important question is whether Obama has put the government on a path that will keep deficits stable.

""And the answer is no,"" said Princeton University economics professor Harvey Rosen, because entitlement programs, such as Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security, have not had substantial reform.

There’s no way Obama’s final State of the Union wouldn’t mention his most significant legislation. In spite of its controversy, Obama said the Affordable Care Act has led to nearly 18 million more people gaining health insurance and has helped to slow health care cost inflation. He added that the law didn’t destroy the job market, despite pessimistic predictions from critics.

""Our businesses have created jobs every single month since it became law,"" he said.

Because Obama referred specifically to ""our businesses,"" we looked at private-sector employment data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics starting in March 2010, when Obama signed the Affordable Care Act. Of the 70 months since, Obama is correct that every single one has seen positive job growth.

There’s room for argument over what the growth would have looked like absent the health care law, but Obama’s statistic is on target.

Obama cited education as an area of bipartisan agreement, but he brought up a shaky statistic in the process.

""We agree that real opportunity requires every American to get the education and training they need to land a good-paying job,"" he said. ""The bipartisan reform of No Child Left Behind was an important start, and together, we’ve increased early childhood education, lifted high school graduation rates to new highs, (and) boosted graduates in fields like engineering.""

At first glance, he appears to be correct about high school graduation rates. But there's an important caveat. So we rate the claim .

In December, the that the rate had reached 82.3 percent, and the department billed it as a ""new record high.""

However, the department acknowledged it was the ""highest level since states adopted a new uniform way of calculating graduation rates five years ago.""

It's a key distinction because high school graduation rates can be a slippery topic and difficult to track. Different states and different school districts have used different measures over the years. For example, some states included private school students who received public funding.

The last time the rates were close to being this high was for the class that graduated in 1970, when the Education Department pegged the rate at 78.7 percent.

Yet because the current method for calculating rates is only five years old, it's not clear that the 1970 rate, or even the subsequent ones, are comparable to current rates.

Obama defended American might in the face of attacks from critics who say the United States has become a weak player on the national stage.

""We spend more on our military than the next eight nations combined,"" Obama said.

We found Obama’s claim is in the ballpark. So it rates Mostly True.

One set of international military spending figures comes from the   (SIPRI), which maintains an online database of military expenditures since 1988 for more than 170 countries. By their calculation, the United States spends more than the next seven countries combined.

In 2014, the most recent year available, the United States led the world in military spending at $610 billion, marking 34 percent of the world total,  . U.S. expenditures were nearly three times higher than China, the second-highest nation with an estimated $216 billion in military spending. Russia was in third place at $84.5 billion.

But counting together military spending from the eight countries after the United States comes out to $646.4 billion, surpassing the United States’ $610. Omitting No. 9 on the list, Japan, the calculation comes out to about $601 billion.

, put together by the fiscal policy-focused Peter G. Peterson Foundation, shows the United States’ spending in stark contrast to the next seven highest spenders:

Another data set matches Obama’s claim exactly. The United States does spend more than eight countries combined according to the   (IISS), a London-based think tank that also tracks military spending. The United States spent $581 billion on the military in 2014, according to IISS, while the eight next-highest spenders combined spent about $531.9 billion.

Calculating military expenditures for worldwide comparisons is inherently challenging, in part because there is no common definition of what constitutes military spending. Further, a country’s expenditures does not necessarily correlate perfectly with its military capabilities.

In the Republican response proceeding Obama’s speech, South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley praised Obama’s speech-giving but criticized his ability to deliver on the goods.

""The president's record has often fallen far short of his soaring words,"" Haley said. ""As he enters his final year in office, many Americans are still feeling the squeeze of an economy too weak to raise income levels.""

Six years into the economic recovery, are income levels really still in the doldrums?

For the most part, yes. Haley’s statement rates

Haley is basically correct if you look at Census Bureau data for median household income, adjusted for inflation. Inflation-adjusted, median household income has fallen from $57,357 in 2009 to $53,657 in 2014, the most recent full year available.

That’s a decline of 6.4 percent over a five-year period once inflation is taken into account. Obama himself seemed to acknowledge this trend when he spoke about ""more and more wealth and income"" concentrated at the top and ""squeezed workers.""

Median income is lower now compared to 2009. It is, however, slightly up from its low point in 2012.

Haley’s claim is generally accurate but somewhat depends on your time frame and what you would consider a rise in income levels.

Obama repeated his longstanding request to Congress that they work with him to close the detention center for suspected terrorists at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Obama campaigned on this pledge, and we’ve been on our Obameter.

During the State of the Union, Obama spoke of American leadership as encompassing ""a wise application of military power and rallying the world behind causes that are right.""

""That is why I will keep working to shut down the prison at Guantanamo: It’s expensive, it’s unnecessary, and it only serves as a recruitment brochure for our enemies,"" he said.

Because Obama is still asking for this at the end of his presidency, we’ve rated his campaign pledge as .

As for Obama's statement that Guantanamo ""only serves as a recruitment brochure"" for terrorists, this doesn't square with reporting by PunditFact, which found that the facility has never really been a key component of ISIS or al-Qaida propoganda. More often, they focus on airstrikes and the American military occupation of Iraq and Afghanistan.

Obama also seemed to be responding to Republican attacks that he didn’t take seriously enough the fight against Islamic State, also called ISIS or ISIL:

""As we focus on destroying ISIL, over-the-top claims that this is World War III just play into their hands. Masses of fighters on the back of pickup trucks and twisted souls plotting in apartments or garages pose an enormous danger to civilians and must be stopped. But they do not threaten our national existence. That’s the story ISIL wants to tell; that’s the kind of propaganda they use to recruit.""

We explored this claim in a story without rating it on our Truth-O-Meter. We found general agreement among experts that ISIS aspires to become an existential threat to the United States. But that’s not the same thing as actually being one.

Obama presented a range of statistics designed to show his economic record in a positive light during his 2016 State of the Union address. He kicked it off with this assertion: ""The United States of America, right now, has the strongest, most durable economy in the world.""

We should note up front that many of the experts we checked with considered Obama’s claim to be vague and difficult to prove. ""This is the type of braggadocio statement that is hard to interpret in a rigorous way,"" said Barry Bosworth, an economist at the Brookings Institution.

However, many of the same experts agreed that if you had to choose one country for the title of ""strongest, most durable economy in the world,"" it would be the United States.

We turned to projections for GDP growth over the next two years released by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, a group of economically advanced countries. The group looked at 43 countries, ranging from large, advanced economies to smaller, advanced economies to large, emerging economies.

The United States ranked almost exactly in the middle of the OECD’s list -- No. 21. Experts told us, however, that a middling ranking on this list doesn’t necessarily mean the United States’ economic outlook is weak. (The full chart is at the end of this article, ranked in descending order by projected GDP growth in 2016).

For starters, many of the countries with higher projected growth rates have significantly smaller economies, making a comparison with the United States apples-to-oranges. These countries include Ireland, Iceland, the Slovak Republic, Poland, Israel, Latvia, Luxembourg, Lithuania and Estonia.

In addition, a few countries have much higher projected growth rates, but they are generally considered emerging economies, making for a different but equally questionable type of apples-to-oranges comparison. These include the top three countries on the projected-growth list: India, China and Indonesia.

The most direct comparisons to the United States are probably the other six members of the elite Group of 7 economies — the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy, Canada and Japan. And all of them rank below the United States when measured by projected growth for 2016 and 2017.

As for employment, the United States scores well among its closest competitors. Hoddenbagh pointed to data showing only one of the Group of 7 with a lower unemployment rate than the United States’ current 5 percent. Japan’s unemployment rate is 3.3 percent.

We rated the claim Mostly True.

This story is updated as new fact-checks are published.",1
1094,"Hillary will never survive the Trump onslaught: It’s not fair, but it makes her a weak nominee","Among these, let me nominate one more: listening to Hillary partisans explain to those of us who support Bernie Sanders just how naive we are. Only Hillary, we are told, has a real shot at winning in November. She’s the only one with a realistic grasp of how Washington works, whose moderate (and modest) policy aims might, realistically, be enacted. It often sounds as if Clinton’s central pitch to voters isn’t that she has a moral vision for the country, but that she owns the franchise on realism.

Bernie, meanwhile, is just a sweet-shouting rube whose quarter-century as a congressman and senator has somehow failed to instill in him an appreciation for the twin plagues of grift and gridlock.

For us benighted hippies, the standard counter-argument at this point is that our man understands all too well the magnitude of Washington’s dysfunction, which is why he’s calling for a political revolution: to obliterate the most heinous aspects of the status quo, starting with corporate-sponsored elections.

I happen to agree with this. But there’s a sadder and more pointed response to Hillary’s reality brigade. Namely, that they need to face the reality of what the 2016 election is going to be like with Hillary at the top of the ticket.

Before I outline that particular shitstorm, let me issue a few sure-to-be-ignored (and therefore pointless) caveats. First, I myself was a Hillary supporter until Sanders entered the race. (More precisely, until I read his policy positions.)

Second, I will enthusiastically support Hillary when and if she is nominated. Years ago, I interviewed the secretary and I say now what I said then: She is a brilliant and compassionate public servant. If presidential elections in this country were based on policy positions and moral intention, on how each candidate hopes to solve common crises of state, Clinton would win going away.

Alas, the reality is that Hillary is among the most hated politicians in America. There is, to begin with, her dismal favorability rating, which stands at 53 percent, with a net negative of 12 percent. (Sanders has a net positive of 12 percent.)

But even more important is the intensity of the animus against her, and the sad mountain of baggage she carries with her as a candidate.

No matter who the GOP nominee is, the battle plan against Hillary will be the same: a tawdry and unrelenting relitigation of all the phony scandals cooked up by the “vast, right-wing conspiracy” that she identified nearly two decades ago.

Cue up the Pearl Jam, folks, because we’re going all the way back to the ’90s: Whitewater, Travelgate, Troopergate, Lewinskygate, with a little Vince Foster Murdergate, for a dash of blood. But wait—those are just the golden oldies! You’ll also be hearing about the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Pardons. Of course, what respectable slander campaign would be complete without the new material? Benghazi, the private email server, the Wall Street speeches?

The dark corporate money and talented propagandists aligned against Hillary will make the Swift Boat Veterans look like toy soldiers.

And because our Fourth Estate is driven at this point almost entirely by the desperate promotion of scandal narratives and conflict, every one of these paid attacks will be amplified by so-called free media, or what us starry-eyed hippies used to call journalism.

I’m not blaming Hillary for this sad state of affairs. I’m just trying to be—what’s the word I’m looking for? Ah yes, here it is—realistic about how it’s going to go down. Republicans tend to lose when they have to talk in specific terms about policies, priorities and solutions. They win when elections are reduced to brawls and/or personality contests. (See Reagan/Carter, Bush/Kerry, et al.) But if Donald Trump is the nominee, as seems most likely right now, he will also enjoy two genuine lines of attack against Hillary. The first is the same one Bernie just used to upset her in Michigan: the fact that free trade pacts are wildly unpopular with many Americans. Trump has been full-throated (and, as usual, somewhat full of shit) in his condemnation of free trade, and it has been one of his most successful pitches. You can bet your bottom yen that he’ll hammer Hillary on this, as if she personally whipped votes for NAFTA. He’ll excoriate various forms of crony capitalism (deals cut with big pharma, bogus military contracts, etc.) that Democrats such as Hillary either endorsed or enabled through timidity. And he’ll blast her for backing our trillion-dollar boondoggle in Iraq, too. These accusations will be framed in terms of a larger narrative: that Hillary represents business as usual in Washington, that she’s just another career pol beholden to the donor class and to the Wall Street swells who paid her millions to deliver her secret speeches. Trump may be a sexually insecure adolescent with a penchant for inciting racial violence, but the one undeniable aspect of his appeal is that he recognizes the toxic nature of the status quo and will, by sheer force of personality, bring it down. This promise is about as flimsy as a Trump University diploma. But it’s resonating with voters who feel Washington’s carnival of corruption is beyond redemption. All of which brings us back to that credulous waif from Brooklyn, by way of Ben and Jerry’s. Donald Trump can holler all he wants about how Crazy Bernie is a socialist. But he (and the super Pacs) won’t be able to distract voters by digging up scandals in his past. Nor will Trump be able to portray him as a corporate stooge. In fact, the shocking success of the Sanders campaign is predicated on many of the same essential frustrations Trump is exploiting: corporate influence, wage stagnation, trade. This is why polls consistently show Sanders beating Trump more convincingly than Clinton does. The right wing knows how to go after Hillary, because they’ve been doing so for 30 years. Within the media and a significant portion of the electorate, the neural pathways have already been carved out. Hillary is defensive, programmed, ethically suspect. They are going to have a more difficult time smearing a candidate whose biggest liabilities are his “extreme” policy positions, most of which sound more like a common sense corrective to the excesses of capitalism. Higher taxes on corporations and the super-wealthy? Healthcare as a right? A higher minimum wage? Increased funding for education and infrastructure? Good luck demonizing those positions, Big Donald. None of this is to suggest that Hillary won’t beat Trump, if they wind up as the nominees. Nor that she won’t be a great president. But if Hillary supporters want to claim the mantle of realism, they should start by accepting very real liabilities of their candidate.",1
2581,Boehner moves to push off immigration fight to 2015,"House Speaker John Boehner announced plans Tuesday to effectively push off a looming battle over President Obama's immigration policies until next year, while potentially averting a partial government shutdown later this month.

The speaker met behind closed doors Tuesday with fellow Republicans. Boehner is attempting a balancing act -- as he tries to avert a budget showdown, while also letting conservatives vent over the president's controversial executive actions on immigration.

Congress needs to approve a new spending bill by Dec. 11 to avoid a partial shutdown, and opposition to Obama's immigration approach has complicated that effort.

The plan, as of Tuesday, is a two-step approach. The House would vote later this week for a largely symbolic measure disapproving Obama's executive actions to suspend deportations for millions of immigrants here illegally. The bill would try to block those actions, but would certainly face a presidential veto, if it made it past the Senate.

The House would then vote next week on a must-pass spending bill, with a twist.

The plan would fund most elements of the government for the remainder of the current fiscal year, which ends Sept. 30, 2015. But, under one proposal, it would only fund immigration-related activities until early next year -- setting up a new fight over immigration in early 2015, when Republicans control both the House and Senate.

While Obama's Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson was being grilled over immigration at a Capitol Hill hearing, Boehner said Tuesday that Obama has ignored the American people.

""This is a serious breach of our Constitution,"" Boehner said.

He also said lawmakers ""have limited options and abilities to deal with it directly.""

It's unclear whether Boehner's plan has enough support.

Some conservatives want more; they circulated bill language Monday stipulating that no money or fees ""may be used by any agency to implement, administer, enforce or carry out any of the policy changes"" announced by Obama.

Meanwhile, House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi put Republicans on notice last week that her party wouldn't support a plan that didn't fund the government for the entire fiscal year and also chipped away at some immigration-related activities. In the Senate, Democrats still maintain the majority and could cause problems for any plan that does not fully fund the government through next year.

Fox News' Chad Pergram and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
918,"After New York Wins, Trump And Clinton Look Forward To Knockout Round","After New York Wins, Trump And Clinton Look Forward To Knockout Round

A powerful wind swept across the 2016 presidential race Tuesday night as the political pendulum came swinging back with a vengeance.

Routed in Wisconsin just two weeks ago, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton stormed back to take the high-stakes primary in their home state of New York in convincing fashion. Each won about three-fifths of the vote and widened their already imposing leads among pledged delegates.

In so doing, both Trump and Clinton opened a pathway to winning their nominations outright before the conventions begin in July. In recent weeks, doubts had arisen as both front-runners seemed to lose altitude and as rivals promoted the prospect of open conventions in both Cleveland and Philadelphia.

But after New York, the pressure is back on the challengers, who will find fewer opportunities to narrow the gap in delegates with every passing week. The last best chance to stop either Trump or Clinton may well be next week, when Pennsylvania, Maryland, Connecticut, Rhode Island and Delaware hold the next-to-last round of multistate primaries. A total of 144 delegates will be available for Republicans and 392 for Democrats. There will not be a comparable package until the season's final day on June 7.

A sweep for either front-runner next week would make stopping Trump or Clinton not only daunting but mathematically infeasible. Even the chances of a second ballot at either convention would go from forbidding to remote.

So when the history of 2016 is finally written, the smashing results from New York may well be cast as the key inflection point. Trump was declared the winner shortly after polls closed, tallying 60 percent of the statewide vote. When counting ended, Trump was poised to claim all 14 at-large delegates and about 75 of the 81 delegates awarded by congressional district.

For her part, Clinton did almost as well as Trump in percentage terms with 58 percent, while she outpolled Trump in the raw vote by nearly half a million. She did not dominate the delegate count quite as much as Trump, but only because the Democrats divide their delegates proportionally — both statewide and district by district. She took home an estimated 135 new delegates to Sanders' 104. She already had 39 of the state's 44 superdelegates (who are free to change their minds).

Still, the outcomes may have been equally discouraging for challengers in both parties. Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders, winners in Wisconsin and in a handful of caucus states that lent them momentum in the weeks since mid-March, stumbled badly in the Empire State. Both had hoped to at least limit the damage they would suffer on Trump's and Clinton's turf, while looking to friendlier venues ahead.

But instead, the front-runners ran roughshod across the landscape. Cruz finished a weak third with scarcely 1 vote in 7, earning zero delegates. New York Republicans preferred Ohio governor John Kasich, who got 1 vote in 4 statewide and gained perhaps three or more delegates (his first since he won his home state a month earlier).

Bruising as the loss was for Cruz, it may have been just as bitter for Sanders on the Democratic side. Clinton only increased her delegate lead by about 30 in the crucial category of pledged delegates. But the real pain for her rival was the opportunity cost. Sanders' team had given it their all in New York, outspending Clinton on TV and hoping visibly for an upset — or at least a narrow loss that could be spun as a moral victory.

Trump, with his delegate lead growing again, can look to another stretch of promising ground next week. Polls give him an edge in all five contests, with 144 delegates at stake. A sweep would greatly enhance his chances of reaching the majority of delegates needed for a first-ballot nomination (1,237).

There is an active ""stop Trump"" movement, both in social media and in the higher circles of the GOP establishment. Senators seeking re-election in swing states have been advised to stay away from Trump and even to skip the convention.

Cruz has been successful in certain states in placing sympathizers in delegate slots that are committed to Trump on the first ballot. The individuals who occupy those slots would be expected to defect from Trump on later ballots.

But all that will be moot if Trump can get close enough to the magic number that a few pre-convention deals might well put him over the top. After a win like he scored in New York, such a ""last mile"" strategy looks increasingly plausible. At his victory rally at Trump Tower, Trump left the stage to the strains of Frank Sinatra singing: ""If I can make it there, I'll make it anywhere, it's up to you New York, New York.""

For her part, Clinton was sounding equally sanguine just blocks away, telling a throng of her supporters that the race was ""in the homestretch and victory is in sight."" She did not say it, but Sanders now needs to win 60 percent of the delegates in every contest remaining — just to overtake Clinton in pledged delegates. He has no discernible path to turning around her advantage in superdelegates.

Neither candidate's race is over, yet. Weeks and months of pre-convention politicking remain. But after next week, it is possible that — for one or both of the front-runners — it will no longer be far from over.",1
1915,Hillary Clinton Can’t Run for President,"Thousands have run for president, but only one candidate has ever unrun for the office: Hillary Clinton. Ever since she finally announced her entry into the contest a couple of weeks ago, she has been unrunning with ferocity. First she road-tripped a minivan 1,000 miles from New York to Iowa to … listen.

Listening tours (or sessions) are supposed to add a little fabric softener to a politician’s starchy image, buffing their scaly reptilian exteriors down to kid-leather smoothness. The technique worked for Clinton in New York, where booking upstate listening stops helped her win a Senate seat in 2000. Listening is the epitome of unrunning, allowing a candidate to do nothing at all but remain operational. Today, Clinton is listening in New Hampshire, and a full-time physician has been assigned to her care, lest the pure calm of bland political chitchat turn her life signs negative and she unruns herself to death.

Why is Clinton unrunning? If the race for the Democratic Party’s presidential nomination were a Little League baseball game, the party would have already recognized Clinton’s insurmountable lead and invoked the mercy rule to give the victory to her. By unrunning, she avoids the intense political debate that would only call attention to her underfunded, unannounced and relatively unknown rivals, Martin O’Malley, Jim Webb, Lincoln Chafee and Joe Biden, all of whom are un-unrunning at various paces.

With nine months until the first presidential primary, Clinton can’t afford to actively run for president. Indeed, if she had her druthers, she probably wouldn’t even be unrunning now. She was pressured by the constant press attention about when she was going to announce and the email controversy. That sort of press attention was positive media attention she couldn’t control, and only by announcing could she dial it down. The email controversy was negative media attention she couldn’t control without the attention-deflecting machinery of a campaign. Indeed, she may be the first politician to announce for the presidency in order to decrease attention in her candidacy.

She’s succeeded wildly. Her coffees, roundtables, discussions and “spontaneous” meetings with voters have immersed her campaign into a box of dry ice and slowed it to the lowest metabolic levels. Suspended animation would look vigorous compared to what Clinton is now doing. This is smart. Steady coverage on the inside of newspapers is exactly what she wants. I buy what Team Clinton stalwart Donna Brazile recently told BuzzFeed’s Ruby Cramer about the campaign’s pacing (“There’s a rhythm. She’s starting off like Beethoven, with melodies and chords that people understand. But she’s got to end up like Beyoncé”) except to my ears early Clinton sounds more like a hobbled version of the Beatles’ “Within You Without You” than Beethoven.

Actively running for president at this point would be too politically damaging for Clinton. By actively running, she would have to declare herself for or against the current administration, something she doesn’t want to do until it presents some advantage. By unrunning, she can blend passively into the background, where she can be there but not here. Depending on how suggestible the audience that is listening with her, Clinton unrunning looks like a continuation of the Clinton and Obama legacy without explicitly saying so.

Having gotten what they wished for, an official Clinton candidacy, the press must now cover the Clinton 2016 slow lane the best they can. The press already knows almost everything about her, and she’s not going to voluntarily serve any fresh meat, so reporters and editors will have to go to the freezer and the landfills where her past is stored. That’s one reason behind the press excitement over Peter Schweizer’s Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich. Even if there’s nothing damning in the book, reporters can grind out hundreds of column inches on the subject and make it relevant to the campaign. The only alternative until the campaign awakens from dormancy will be profiles of the 24-year-old staff wizards (I’m sure they exist) who are vitalizing the Clinton campaign. I shudder.

What should ordinarily follow unrunning would be running, but that won’t be possible for Clinton. Until the 2016 campaign boiler room fires up with an identity of its own, she’ll be rerunning her 2008 campaign, necessitating yet another transition in her candidacy. According to POLITICO’s Glenn Thrush, the Clinton campaign plans to spend more time generating calm and less time fighting the press than it did in 2008. We’ve got plenty of time to come up with a snazzy phrase to describe the new, yet-to-be-released Clinton method, but until we come up with a winner, how about “un-rerunning”?

Double-unrunning would mean taking an unrunning campaign several gears lower than a silent John Cage composition. Dash to your keyboard and send me emails with definitions of these variations: “triple-unrunning,” “reverse-unrunning,” “bellyfeel running,” and “duckspeak running” ( Shafer.Politico@gmail.com ). Subscribe to my email alerts before I declare my list full. My Twitter feed is like a multiverse. And, am I the last writer on the planet who promotes his RSS feed?",1
2426,Obamacare case: All eyes on 2 justices,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
130,South Carolina police officer charged with murder after shooting man during traffic stop,"A white police officer in North Charleston, S.C., was charged with murder Tuesday after shooting and killing a black man following a routine traffic stop over the weekend.

The decision to charge the officer, Michael Thomas Slager, came after graphic video footage emerged depicting Slager firing a volley of bullets into the back of Walter Scott, who was running away.

Officers rarely face criminal charges after shooting people, a fact that has played into nationwide protests over the past year over how the police use deadly force. Yet this case took a swift, unusual turn after a video shot by a bystander provided authorities with a decisive narrative that differed from Slager’s account.

“It wasn’t just based on the officers’ word anymore,” said Chris Stewart, an attorney for Scott’s family. “People were believing this story.”

Authorities on Tuesday also pointed to the video as a turning point in this case and apologized to the family for the shooting.

“When you’re wrong, you’re wrong,” North Charleston Mayor R. Keith Summey said at a news conference. “If you make a bad decision, don’t care if you’re behind the shield … you have to live with that decision.”

The Justice Department said Tuesday that the FBI would investigate the shooting along with the department’s Civil Rights division and the South Carolina U.S. Attorney’s Office.

“The Department of Justice will take appropriate action in light of the evidence and developments in the state case,” the department said in a statement.

Summey and the city’s chief of police announced at a news conference that Slager, 33, would be charged and arrested. Slager, who has been fired, was arrested by the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division, the agency investigating the shooting, and booked into the Charleston County jail shortly before 6 p.m. on Tuesday. He faces a possible death sentence or life in prison.

“It’s been a tragic day for many,” Eddie Driggers, the police chief, said at the news conference. “A tragic day for many.”

[How the shooting reignites the debate over body cameras]

The shooting began with a routine traffic stop after 9:30 a.m. on Saturday morning. After Slager stopped a vehicle, he began chasing Walter Scott, 50, and fired his Taser, according to the incident report and city officials.

Footage of the shooting, first obtained by the New York Times and the Post and Courier newspaper, showed Scott fleeing from Slager across a tree-lined patch of grass. Slager fires a series of shots at Scott, who appears to be unarmed, striking Scott “multiple times in the back,” according to an affidavit filed Tuesday evening.

Slager told the dispatcher, “Shots fired and the subject is down, he took my Taser,” according to the portion of the report filled out by another officer who relayed what he heard.

The video shows Slager picking up an item and placing it near Scott, though it is unclear if this is the Taser or something else. Police later said that Scott was hit with the Taser at least once, because part of it was still attached to him when other officers arrived on the scene. But city officials said that Scott was clearly too far away to use a Taser if he did have it.

“I can tell you that as a result of that video and the bad decision made by our officer, he will be charged with murder,” Summey said at the news conference.

After Slager shot Scott, the officer handcuffed the man’s hands behind his back and he remained there. The police report says that “several officers” gave Scott first aid, but it does not state how long it took them to administer that aid.

This shooting comes after incidents in Ferguson, Mo., and New York, among other places, have drawn heavy scrutiny over confrontations that ended with black men dead. The unrest has continued into this year, as a shooting in Madison, Wis., was followed by lengthy protests.

[How many police shootings a year? No one knows.]

North Charleston, the third-largest city in the state, has a different demographic breakdown than the rest of South Carolina. Two-thirds of South Carolina residents are white, while North Charleston has more black residents (47 percent) than white residents (41 percent), according to the U.S. Census.

But the city’s police force does not reflect that breakdown, as four out of five North Charleston officers last year were white, according to the Post and Courier. The city’s police department announced in February that it would obtain 115 body cameras for its officers after obtaining $275,000 in state funding.

Authorities stressed that the episode in South Carolina was not indicative of the city’s entire police force of 342 remaining officers, instead calling this a singular “bad decision” made by one officer.

“I think all of these police officers, men and women, are like my children,” Driggers said. “So you tell me how a father would react … I’ll let you answer that.”

[Current law gives police wide latitude to use deadly force]

Scott’s family praised the decision to charge Slager with the shooting and was “grateful” someone came forward with the video footage, an attorney said.

“They were sad,” Stewart, the family attorney, said in a telephone interview Tuesday evening from Scott’s mother’s home. “There is nothing that can bring their son and brother back, but they are relieved that charges were filed.”

Scott’s family members had gathered at the home on Tuesday evening, including Scott’s four children and three brothers. His family and attorneys held a brief news conference Tuesday night, saying that they planned to file a lawsuit against the city and police department.

“All we wanted was the truth, and through the process we’ve received the truth,” said Anthony Scott, Walter’s brother. “I don’t think that all police officers are bad cops, but there are some bad ones out there.”

Slager was initially represented by David Aylor, a local attorney, who in a statement provided to local media soon after the shooting said: “I believe once the community hears all the facts of this shooting, they’ll have a better understanding of the circumstances surrounding this investigation.”

But on Tuesday, shortly before Slager’s arrest was announced, Aylor told The Post that he is no longer representing the officer.

“I don’t have any involvement in that case moving forward,” he said. “No involvement.”

[Why South Carolina indicted three other white officers in four months.]

This was the 11th time an officer has shot someone in South Carolina so far this year, according to Thom Berry, a spokesman for the state Law Enforcement Division. Berry said that the investigation into this shooting is “still very much in progress,” so he declined to comment on details of how the agency obtained the video footage.

Although officers fatally shoot and kill hundreds of people each year, only a handful of cases result in the officer facing criminal charges. Video recordings of the fatal encounters are becoming pivotal factors in whether prosecutors and grand jurors bring charges, experts said.

“Video has changed everything because it provides documentation that was never available before,” said Philip M. Stinson, a criminologist at Bowling Green State University. “Now, everyday citizens, when they recognize there is a dispute, they start recording video with their smart phones.”

However, these recordings do not always result in officers being charged. Footage of a New York City police officer placing Eric Garner in a chokehold last summer provoked widespread outrage, but the grand jury decided not to indict the officer. That decision, like that of the Missouri grand jury that did not indict the white police officer who shot an unarmed black teenager in Ferguson, sparked a national wave of protests aimed at the way African American men are treated by police.

Officials and activists in South Carolina said they were asking the community to keep calm in the wake of the video’s release and the decision to seek murder charges against him.

“We want to ask the community to remain calm,” Elder Johnson of National Action Network said Tuesday.",1
3041,"""Political identity is fair game for hatred"": how Republicans and Democrats discriminate","In 1960, Americans were asked whether they would be pleased, displeased, or unmoved if their son or daughter married a member of the other political party.

Respondents reacted with a shrug. Only 5 percent of Republicans, and only 4 percent of Democrats, said they would be upset by the cross-party union. On the list of things you might care about in child's partner — are they kind, smart, successful, supportive? — which political party they voted for just didn't rate.

Fast forward to 2008. The polling firm YouGov asked Democrats and Republicans the same question — and got very different results. This time, 27 percent of Republicans, and 20 percent of Democrats, said they would be upset if their son or daughter married a member of the opposite party. In 2010, YouGov asked the question again; this time, 49 percent of Republicans, and 33 percent of Democrats, professed concern at interparty marriage.

For Shanto Iyengar, director of Stanford's political communications lab, the marriage polls were yet more evidence that something important was changing in American politics.

The big institutions and broad outlines of our political system have been so stable for so long that it makes it hard for people to see when the tectonic plates of American politics are actually shifting. There's been a Democratic Party and a Republican Party for most of the country's history, and they've always bickered, so it's easy to assume — particularly in a country with a short historical memory — that the partisanship we see now is simply how it's always been.

But Iyengar was coming to believe that today's political differences were fundamentally different from yesterday's political differences; the nature of American political partisanship, he worried, was mutating into something more fundamental, and more irreconcilable, than what it had been in the past.

Political scientists have mainly studied polarization as an ideological phenomenon — in this view, party polarization is really another term for political disagreement, and more polarization simply meant more severe disagreements. But it's hard to find the evidence that the disagreements among ordinary Americans have really become so much more intense.

""If you look at Americans' positions on the issues, they are much closer to the center than their elected representatives,"" Iyengar says. ""The people who end up getting elected are super extreme, but the voters are not.""

But even as American voters remained relatively centrist, they seemed to be getting angrier and more fearful of the other side.

After every election, researchers ask voters an almost endless series of questions, creating a rich record of why Americans vote the way they do. The result is called the American National Election Survey, and beginning in the 1980s it began to show something puzzling.

What caught Iyengar's eye was a section of the survey known as ""the thermometer."" The thermometer asks people to rate their feelings toward the two political parties on a scale of 1 to 100, where 1 is cold and negative and 100 is warm and positive. Iyengar noticed that since the 1980s, Republicans' feelings towards the Democratic Party, and Democrats' feelings towards the Republican Party, had dropped off a cliff.

In 1980, voters gave the opposite party a 45 on the thermometer — not as high as the 72 they gave their own party, but a pretty decent number all the same.

After 1980, though, the numbers began dropping. By 1992, the opposing party was down to 40; by 1998, it had fallen to 38; in 2012, it was down to 30. Meanwhile, partisans' views towards their own parties had remained pretty much unchanged — that 72 from 1980 had only fallen to 70 by 2012.

Iyengar's hypothesis was that rising political polarization was showing something more fundamental than political disagreement — it was tracking the transformation of party affiliation into a form of personal identity that reached into almost every aspect of our lives.

If he was right, then party affiliation wasn't simply an expression of our disagreements; it was also becoming the cause of them. If Democrats thought of other Democrats as their tribe and of Republicans as a hostile tribe, and vice versa, then the consequences would stretch far beyond politics — into things like, say, marriage.

And the data was everywhere. Polls looking at the difference between how Republicans viewed Democrats and how Democrats viewed Republicans now showed that partisans were less accepting of each other than white people were of black people or than black people were of white people.

But there was no way partisanship — an identity we choose, and that didn't matter much to us 50 years ago — could possibly have become a cleavage in American life as deep as race, right? That seemed crazy.

So Iyengar decided to test it.

The experiment was simple. Working with Dartmouth College political scientist Sean Westwood, Iyengar asked about 1,000 people to decide between the résumés of two high school seniors who were competing for a scholarship.

The resumes could differ in three ways: First, the senior could have either a 3.5 or 4.0 GPA; second, the senior could have been the president of the Young Democrats or Young Republicans club; third, the senior could have a stereotypically African-American name and have been president of the African-American Student Association or could have a stereotypically European-American name.

The point of the project was to see how political and cues affected a nonpolitical task — and to compare the effect with race. The results were startling.

When the résumé included a political identity cue, about 80 percent of Democrats and Republicans awarded the scholarship to their co-partisan. This held true whether or not the co-partisan had the highest GPA — when the Republican student was more qualified, Democrats only chose him 30 percent of the time, and when the Democrat was more qualified, Republicans only chose him 15 percent of the time.

Think about that for a moment: When awarding a college scholarship— a task that should be completely nonpolitical — Republicans and Democrats cared more about the political party of the student than the student's GPA. As Iyengar and Westwood wrote, ""Partisanship simply trumped academic excellence.""

It also trumped race. When the candidates were equally qualified, about 78 percent of African Americans chose the candidate of the same race, and 42 percent of European Americans did the same. When the candidate of the other race had a higher GPA, 45 percent of African Americans chose him, and 71 percent of European Americans chose him.

But Iyengar and Westwood wondered whether these results would really hold outside the laboratory setting. After all, the study's participants knew their answers were being judged by the researchers. Perhaps discriminating against members of the other party was socially acceptable in a way discriminating against people of the other race simply wasn't. In other words, perhaps people are willing to show their partisan bias whereas they hide their racial bias, and that was what was behind the results.

So Iyengar and Westwood came up with another test — a test that would be much harder to fool.

Taking an implicit-association test is a humbling experience. Your job, as the test taker, is to hit a letter on your keyboard when certain word and images flash together. The instructions are to go as fast as you can, but the fastest you can go is sluggish compared with the pace of the program. You get nervous, your finger stumbling over the keys, hitting the wrong ones. And the whole time you're doing it, you know you're being judged, and you realize, with a sickening certainty, that the verdict isn't going to be good.

The point of IATs is to measure the snap judgments your brain makes at speeds faster than conscious thought. Mountains of psychological research shows that these judgments are powerful — that much of what we consciously think is an after-the-fact rationalization for the instant judgment we made before we had time to think. IATs are meant to expose those judgments.

The test is grounded in studies of racism: Researchers will ask subjects to pair positive words with black and white faces, and see which they have more trouble doing. The underlying insight is that the task is easier to complete when it aligns with people's automatic, unconscious reaction than when it isn't — you're faster when you can go with instinct then when you have to suppress it. Study after study shows that IATs are at least somewhat predictive of real-world racial bias. They have since been extended to measure bias in gender, age, weight, and more.

Iyengar and Westwood's idea was simple: Why not use an IAT to measure partisan bias, too?

So they built one. And the results were fascinating. But before we run through them, Iyengar and Westwood kindly shared their code with us, and so you can take the test here, or at the top of this article, and see how strong your bias is.

The results showed, as you might expect, that Democrats exhibit an automatic bias against Republicans, and vice versa. What was surprising was that the bias partisans exhibited for their out-group exceeded the bias white participants showed for black people, or that black participants showed for white people. According to the test, Americans are more automatically partisan than they are automatically racist. (If you want to know your own results on the racism test, you can take a version meant to test racial bias here.)

This was, to Westwood, a bit of a shock. ""To be honest, I didn't expect this to work at all,"" he says. ""The common story is most Americans don’t care about politics, they don’t understand politics, they don’t understand policy. So you wouldn’t expect Americans to have strong preferences. That’s where I started.""

Together, the two experiments suggest that partisanship now extends beyond politics — it's becoming a fundamental identity in American life, and may well lead to discrimination in completely apolitical contexts.

I asked two other political scientists — John Sides and Danny Hayes, both of George Washington University — whether they bought Iyengar and Westwood's data. Both said they did, though they noted that opportunities for partisan discrimination are less common than opportunities for racial or gender discrimination, if for no other reason than partisanship is less visible.

Still, the impulse to discriminate against the out-party is real. ""The more partisanship becomes a social identity — and I think this is as true today as it's been in modern American politics — the more we should expect people to engage in in-group favoritism and out-group discrimination,"" Hayes said.

Iyengar's hypothesis is that partisan animosity is one of the few forms of discrimination that contemporary American society not only permits but actively encourages.

""Political identity is fair game for hatred,"" he says. ""Racial identity is not. Gender identity is not. You cannot express negative sentiments about social groups in this day and age. But political identities are not protected by these constraints. A Republican is someone who chooses to be Republican, so I can say whatever I want about them.""

You can see an example when you look at the media, Westwood observes. There are no major cable channels devoted to making people of other races look bad. But there are cable channels that seem devoted to making members of the other party look bad. ""The media has become tribal leaders,"" he says. ""They’re telling the tribe how to identify and behave, and we’re following along.""

Iyengar and Westwood's research is a fundamental challenge to the way we like to believe American politics works. A world where we won't give an out-party high schooler with a better GPA a nonpolitical scholarship is not a world in which we're going to listen to politicians of the other side on emotional, controversial issues — even if they're making good arguments that are backed by the facts.

""[The media] is telling the tribe how to identify and behave, and we’re following along""

Iyengar's initial insight was that political polarization might be less about policy than it is about identity, and his research more than proves it. ""The old theory was political parties came into existence to represent deep social cleavages,"" he says. ""But now party politics has taken on a life of its own — now it is the cleavage.""

That changes the playbook for cynical presidential candidates, policymakers, pundits, and so on.

""The major take-home here is it’s relatively easy to score points by attacking the opposition and touting the goodness of one’s own party,"" says Westwood. ""If you’re trying to get the largest return from voters, it would make sense for politicians to try to activate social identity rather than focus on policy.""

Winning an argument, at least when you're talking to co-partisans, is less about persuasion than about delegitimization — the savvy move isn't to try to build a better case than the other side, but to make clear that the other side is the other side.

Westwood is quick to note that the comparison to racism doesn't mean that partisanship is somehow worse than racism, more pervasive, or more damaging. It's easier to see — and thus discriminate — against people based on their skin color than their partisanship, for instance. And as Jenée Desmond-Harris has written, political beliefs are a choice with moral implications while race is not. Judging someone on whether they support gay marriage, universal healthcare, or gun laws is far different than judging someone on the color of their skin.

What Iyengar and Westwood's research shows, however, is that partisanship is no longer just a political phenomenon. Party and ideology have become powerful forms of personal identity, and the way they inform our lives — who we listen to, who we help, even who we love — now stretches far beyond the political realm.",1
2831,Obama Authorizes Deploying Up To 450 More Troops To Iraq,"Obama Authorizes Deploying Up To 450 More Troops To Iraq

Update at 12:20 p.m. ET. Up To 450 More Troops:

President Obama has authorized the Pentagon to send up to 450 additional troops to Iraq in an effort to beef up the training of local security forces in their fight against the self-proclaimed Islamic State.

In a statement, press secretary Josh Earnest said the military personnel will ""train, advise, and assist Iraqi Security Forces at Taqaddum military base in eastern Anbar province.""

He added: ""The President made this decision after a request from Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi and upon the recommendation of Secretary Carter and Chairman Dempsey, and with the unanimous support of his national security team.""

The U.S. already has 3,100 troops in the country. They're deployed at four established training sites. The additional troops will be deployed to Anbar province, an area just west of Baghdad that is reportedly now under Islamic State control.

The Obama administration is considering sending hundreds more troops into Iraq to help train local forces to fight against the self-proclaimed Islamic State.

NPR's Tom Bowman reports the move comes after Islamic State militants reportedly took over the provincial capital city of Ramadi in the Sunni heartland.

He filed this report for our Newscast unit:

""U.S. trainers now in Iraq have focused mostly on the Shiite-dominated Army. Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren told reporters that the U.S. would like to see more Sunnis come into the pipeline for training. ""Officials say hundreds more American trainers could be sent to Anbar province, the Sunni enclave just west of Baghdad that is now largely under the control of Islamic State fighters. ""Sunni tribal leaders have long complained of mistreatment by the Shiite-dominated government. ""The Pentagon is now working up added training options for the White House. There are already some 3,000 American troops in Iraq, either training and advising Iraqi troops or providing security.""

President Obama addressed this issue during a press conference earlier this week. Obama said he was still waiting on a finalized plan from the Pentagon.

""We don't yet have a complete strategy because it requires commitments on the part of the Iraqis as well about how recruitment takes place, how that training takes place,"" Obama said. ""And so the details of that are not yet worked out.""

Fox News reports that the Pentagon also plans to open another training base in Anbar province. The network quotes Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, saying it's still unclear whether more troops will be needed for that base.",1
2077,Even ExxonMobil says climate change is real. So why won’t the GOP?,"To understand how dangerously extreme the Republican Party has become on climate change, compare its stance to that of ExxonMobil.

No one would confuse the oil and gas giant with the Sierra Club. But if you visit Exxon’s website, you will find that the company believes climate change is real, that governments should take action to combat it and that the most sensible action would be a revenue-neutral tax on carbon — in other words, a tax on oil, gas and coal, with the proceeds returned to taxpayers for them to spend as they choose.

With no government action, Exxon experts told us during a visit to The Post last week, average temperatures are likely to rise by a catastrophic (my word, not theirs) 5 degrees Celsius, with rises of 6, 7 or even more quite possible.

“A properly designed carbon tax can be predictable, transparent, and comparatively simple to understand and implement,”Exxon says in a position paper titled “Engaging on climate change.”

None of this is radical. Officials negotiating a climate agreement right now in Paris would take it as self-evident. Republican leaders in the 1980s and 1990s would have raised no objection.

But to today’s Republicans, ExxonMobil’s moderate, self-evident views are akin to heresy. Donald Trump, the leading GOP presidential candidate, says, “I don’t believe in climate change.”Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.)says, “Climate change is not science, it’s religion.”Sen. Marco Rubio (Fla.) at the moment seems to acknowledge that climate change might be real but opposes any action to deal with it.

Well, you may say, Trump revels in his stupidities, and most of the presidential candidates are appealing to the rightmost wing of their primary electorate at the moment. What about the grownups in the party, such as Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (Ky.)?

In an op-ed for The Post published as President Obama traveled to Paris for the opening of the climate talks, McConnell slammed Obama’s policy for harming the middle class without measurably affecting climate change.

Does that mean, I asked the majority leader’s press secretary, that he believes climate change is real, and are there policies he would favor to mitigate the risk?

The spokesman answered: “While the Leader has spoken often on energy and the President’s policies, I don’t believe he’ll have anything new today. And as to the President’s policies, the President says he’s for ‘all of the above.’ He got that line from us. But as to his climate proposal and the Paris proposals, I think he’s spoken clearly on that in his op-ed. I hope that helps.”

I tried once more: “So as to whether he believes climate change is real, or would favor any policies to mitigate it, I should just say, declined to answer?”

A genuine conservative, as Ronald Reagan’s secretary of state George P. Shultz has written, would acknowledge uncertainties in climate science but look for rational, market-based policies to lessen the risk without slowing economic growth. A revenue-neutral carbon tax, as in a bill Rep. Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.) has introduced, fits the description precisely.

What then explains the know-nothingism of today’s Republicans? Some of them see scientists as part of a left-wing cabal; many of them doubt government’s ability to do anything, let alone something as big as redirecting the economy’s energy use. Almost all of them, along with quite a few Democrats, would rather not tell voters that energy prices need to rise for the sake of the environment.

Their donors in the oil and gas industry encourage their prejudices. Three years ago, Grover Norquist, the Republicans’ anti-tax enforcer, said that a carbon tax wouldn’t violate his no-tax-increase pledge if the proceeds were returned by lowering the income tax, though he made clear he didn’t like the idea.

The next morning, the lobbying arm of the oil and gas industry swung into action. “Grover, just butch it up and oppose this lousy idea directly,”the American Energy Alliance said. “This word-smithing is giving us all headaches.”

For most of us, the reaction to this would have been: Butch it up? But Norquist got the message and within hours issued a clarification: Only a constitutional amendment banning the income tax could justify a carbon tax.

So the industry deserves its share of blame, and that includes ExxonMobil, which hardly trumpets its views on the advantages of a carbon tax. (Its most alarming slide, on the 5-degree temperature rise, can’t be found on its public site.)

But blaming it all on Big Oil lets the politicians off too easily. Yes, McConnell represents a coal state, and, yes, he wants to preserve his Senate majority. If those considerations are more important to him than saving the planet, let him say so to our children and grandchildren. Let’s not blame the oil companies for the pusillanimity of people who are supposed to lead.

Read more from Fred Hiatt’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
2311,Federal Judge Overturns Nebraska Gay Marriage Ban,"U.S. District Judge Joseph Bataillon issued the ruling Monday, saying county clerks will be permitted to begin issuing gay marriage licenses on March 9.

""[A]ll relevant state officials are ordered to treat same-sex couples the same as different sex couples in the context of processing a marriage license or determining the rights, protections, obligations or benefits of marriage,"" he wrote in the order.

The Nebraska attorney general's office has already said it will appeal the judge's order. Attorney General Doug Peterson is confident the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals will grant the appeal.

Bataillon has struck down the state's ban on gay marriage before; in 2005, the judge ruled the ban unconstitutional, but the Eight Circuit reversed his decision in July 2006.

The news comes just after the state lifted a 20-year-old ban on gay people becoming licensed foster parents. The policy barred unmarried, unrelated adults who live together from fostering children. Included in the restriction were same-sex couples and people who identify as gay -- even those living without a partner.",1
1176,"Trump, Sanders Crush the Competition in New Hampshire Primaries","Democrat Bernie Sanders and Republican Donald Trump gave victory speeches Tuesday night in New Hampshire after winning their parties vote in the state's primary.

Each took the top spot after second-place finishes in the Iowa caucuses. It's a boost for their standing in a highly competive election season.

 

Trump's first victory of the 2016 White House race means he's no longer a political rookie but the front-runner for his party's presidential nomination.

CBN News' David Brody will share his insights on the outcome of the New Hampshire primary on Wednesday's The 700 Club.

Trump started out his speech by thanking his wife, family and other supporters.

""We are going to make America great again, but we're going to do it the old-fashioned way,"" Trump said. ""The world is going to respect us again, believe me.""

""We're going to make the deals for the American people,"" he said. Trump went on to talk about repealing Obamacare, making trade deals, rebuilding military, creating jobs and protecting the borders.

Dr. Paul Bonicelli, professor of government at Regent University, breaks down the numbers from last night’s New Hampshire primary. Watch below:

""We are going to make our country strong again. We are going to start winning again. We are going to make America so great again. Maybe greater than ever before.""

John Kasich grabbed the second spot, with 16 percent of the vote.

""There's something that's going on, that I'm not sure that anyone can quite understand. There's magic in the air with this campaign,"" Kasich told supporters. ""We see it as an opportunity for all of us, and I mean all of us, to be involved with something that is bigger than our lives.""

Cruz, Bush and Rubio had a tight outcome, with Cruz narrowly winning third place.

The overcrowded GOP party shrank after the Iowa caucus, and more candidates could end their campaign following the evening's results.

Ben Carson, bringing in only 2 percent of the votes, is already on his way to South Carolina to prepare for the next round, his campaign team reiterating that he has not dropped out of the race.

Chris Christie won't reveal whether his campaign will continue. When asked what place he needs to come in at a minimum to continue he responded, ""I don't get into that stuff. Next!"" he said, calling on the next reporter.

 

And the win for Sanders completes his rise from presidential long shot to legitimate challenger for the Democratic nomination against Hillary Clinton.

""When we stand together, we win. Thank you, New Hampshire!"" Sanders celebrated on Twitter.

""Nine months ago we began our campaign here in New Hampshire,"" he said. ""And tonight, what appears to be a record-breaking turnout, because of a huge voter turnout - we won!""

Sanders encouraged his supporters to maintain their excitement and commitment for the November election.

Hillary Clinton used her concession speech to rally her supporters. She referenced equal pay for women, racism, LGBTQ rights, and poverty.

""When people anywhere in America are held back by injustice that demands action,"" she said, admitting she has work to do to win the millennial vote. ""Even if they are not supporting me, I support them.""

It was a higher turnout than in 2008, and one thing voters on both sides agreed on in exit polls was they feel betrayed by the government and their parties.",1
2744,"Monica Lewinsky’s latest comeback, fueled by media remorse","Monica is having a media moment—courtesy of the same press pack that once pilloried her.

When it comes to Lewinsky, apparently, there is some journalistic guilt coming to the fore.

David Letterman has expressed remorse for mocking Monica, saying it was a “sad human situation.” Bill Maher says, “I gotta tell you, I literally feel guilty.”

New Republic writer Rebecca Traister says: “Whether it’s guilt, or sophistication, or thinking a little harder about sexual power dynamics, I think people have started to think: ‘Oh right, she probably does have a right to tell her story. And that’s a good thing.’ ”

These observations come from a New York Times piece in which Lewinsky shrewdly allowed reporter Jessica Bennett to follow her around, producing a largely sympathetic profile timed to her TED talk.

At 41, says the piece, “she is likable, funny and self-deprecating. She is also acutely intelligent, something for which she doesn’t get much credit. But she is also stuck in a kind of time warp over which she has little control…

“She is also very, very nervous. She is worried about being taken advantage of, worried her words will be misconstrued, worried reporters will rehash the past.”

But, of course, Monica herself has to rehash the past in order to get people to pay attention to her future. That’s what she has to merchandise.

I’ve long felt that the media crucified Monica for her mistakes as a young White House intern, while being more than happy to resuscitate the boss who took advantage of her, Bill Clinton, as a global statesman. After dropping out of sight for a long time in the wake of Clinton’s impeachment, she keeps reintroducing herself to the public, with a Vanity Fair essay and other media forays. Lewinsky is smartly trying to become a crusader against cyberbullying, even though her humiliation took place in the pre-Facebook, pre-Twitter era.

In the TED talk, she said:

“Now I admit I made mistakes — especially wearing that beret — but the attention and judgment that I received — not the story, but that I personally received — was unprecedented. I was branded as a tramp, tart, slut, whore, bimbo and, of course, ‘that woman.’ I was known by many, but actually known by few. I get it. It was easy to forget ‘that woman’ was dimensional and had a soul…

“In 1998, I lost my reputation and my dignity. … I lost my sense of self,” Lewinsky continues. “When this happened to me, 17 years ago, there was no name for it. Now we call it cyber-bullying.”

It does seem like getting trashed and humiliated is a daily occurrence now, at least for people in the public eye.

Jonathan Capehart, the black Washington Post columnist, writes a brave piece concluding he was wrong about Ferguson and that the hands up/don’t shoot narrative was a lie. He gets slimed from the left on Twitter, with people calling him a “house Negro” and accusing him of trying to get white folks to like him. For those who disagree, he had to be attacked as a racial traitor.

Ashley Judd was trash-talking about sports when she was flooded with online rape threats and misogynistic messages.

Judd, describing herself as a survivor of rape and sexual assault, is fighting back.

""I read in vivid language the various ways, humiliating and violent, in which my genitals, vaginal and anal, should be violated, shamed, exploited and dominated,"" she writes. Judd is threatening to sue her online harassers.

So this is very fertile territory for Monica Lewinsky. She is a flawed messenger, to be sure. She is using the issue for personal rebranding, to be sure.

But it’s a worthy cause, better than peddling handbags. And perhaps Monica finally has the guilty media on her side.

Click for more from Media Buzz

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
487,A boss often can fire you while you're hospitalized,"SIOUX FALLS, S.D. — Five days — that's how many sick days Tom McLaughlin took to lose his job at a carton manufacturer.

McLaughlin was in the hospital for three of those days, being treated for a potentially life-threatening flare-up of an infection in two sores on his right leg.

His doctor at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn., pleaded last week with Bell Inc. to keep McLaughlin, saying his medical care was necessary. He had ignored her advice and returned to work once already in April, even as his daughter pleaded with him to stay in the hospital.

It was no use. The 49-year-old was two months shy of his one-year anniversary with the company — too green to qualify for Family and Medical Leave Act benefits. Bell told him he had to go, that he didn't quality for medical leave.

""Our world fell apart in a week,"" said his wife, Kristi McLaughlin, who works part-time as a pastor at a small Mitchell, S.D., congregation about an hour west of here. ""He was the primary income. He was the primary breadwinner. He provided the insurance. We're looking now at food stamps. We're looking at moving.""

The McLaughlins' situation is not rare.

Under state and federal law, few legal protections are ironclad for employees who miss work for illness. If attendance is deemed essential, employers have little obligation to extend leave to employees on the job less than a year.

Bell's chief executive, Ben Arndt, would confirm only that Tom McLaughlin had been a night supervisor for the Sioux Falls-based folding packaging manufacturer.

""We respect our employee's privacy, and our policy is to not discuss employee's personal matters with anyone other than the employee,"" Arndt wrote in email. ""We would encourage anyone who can meet the requirements of an open position to apply or to re-apply.""

Those who work for companies with 50 or more employees can apply for unpaid time off under the federal Family and Medical Leave Act, but they qualify only after a year on the job. Hospital stays count, but not every sort of illness does.

If an illness qualifies, a covered employee is eligible for job-protected unpaid leave of up to 12 weeks.

Even with a doctor's note — or call, in this case — employers are fully within their rights to terminate an ill worker go if that person hasn't been on the job a year. An employer in South Dakota doesn't need a specific reason to fire an employee, a legal concept called termination at will.

South Dakota has had a constitutional amendment that prohibits joining a union as a condition of employment, what supporters call a right-to-work law, since 1946, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. Union contracts often provide additional protections for ill workers; 6% of the state's workers are represented by unions and 5% are members.

Only Connecticut, California, the District of Columbia and Massachusetts have state- and districtwide paid sick leave laws, according to the National Partnership for Women & Families, a Washington-based nonprofit. At least 18 cities also have such ordinances, and California's and Massachusetts' laws aren't effective until July.

It's unclear which, if any other, states require employers to provide unpaid time off for illness. So how a worker who's sick is treated largely depends on where the person works.

Those who believe they've been discriminated against because of a disability, as Tom McLaughlin does, can file a complaint with the state, i.e. the South Dakota Department of Labor and Regulation.

Even then, the hurdles to overcome for an outcome in a worker's favor are significant, said James Marsh, the department's labor and management division director. Claims about job loss because of illness or disability make up about a fifth of the claims each year.

""We get calls about that every day,"" he said.

Only a fifth of all claims are substantiated. Employers can terminate someone who is disabled because of poor attendance if attendance is considered an essential job function.

Marsh gave an example of a police officer who has to be on the beat.

""If they're not showing up, they're not fulfilling an essential job requirement,"" Marsh said.

If South Dakota's lone claims investigator finds discrimination, which takes about six months, the resulting document can be used to file a civil lawsuit or a claim with the state's Human Rights Commission.

""It's the difference between a cop pulling you over for speeding and a judge deciding you've committed a crime,"" he said. ""We're the cops. … You're not going to be guilty of discrimination by virtue of the fact that we've found probable cause.""

The state isn't the only avenue for claims of discrimination, of course. Federal discrimination claims about sex, race, age and disability go through the Equal Opportunity Employment Commission.

If the federal agency finds that a company has not made reasonable accommodations, the EEOC can take action itself, fining employers for a violation regardless of potential lawsuits. Mediation is possible through the EEOC, as well.

Tom McLaughlin believes that he was discriminated against but realizes that proving it could be an uphill slog.

The company told Tom McLaughlin that he needed to be there on the floor as a supervisor, he said. But Tom McLaughlin knew that Bell had been without a night supervisor for years before he started in June.

Operations at the packaging-materials plant had been re-worked with him in the night supervisor's role, McLaughlin said. But the work had been done without one.

""They said, 'Our hands are tied. We don't have any choice,' "" Tom McLaughlin said. ""I said, 'Bell has a choice.' They didn't have much to say about that.""

Even if he had a job, he could not return to work tomorrow. Even with the hospital care, the infection is nowhere near gone.

He wears a wound vacuum over his shoulder that pulls fluid at a steady drip through a tube connected to the black-bandaged, plastic-wrapped divots in his leg.

A nurse comes to empty the bag three times a week. Antibiotics are pumped into his arm daily.

He can't work on light duty for at least a few more weeks, and full healing is at least three months and thousands of dollars away.

He wants to work. He just can't, not yet.

""I can't remember the last time I haven't been able to work,"" Tom McLaughlin said.",1
3637,"Rieder: Charlie Hebdo goes on, and that matters","Charlie Hebdo will not go away. And in the wake of unspeakably hideous tragedy, that's very good news.

The attack Wednesday that killed 12 members of the staff, including editorial director Stephane Charbonnier, was bad enough. Allowing the thugs who carried out the massacre to kill the French satirical weekly would have been catastrophic.

Despite the deaths of most of its senior journalists, the show will go on, Richard Malka, the paper's lawyer, told Le Monde. And the newspaper plans to print 1 million copies, a figure that dwarfs its usual print run of 60,000.

In an interview on French television reported by the Guardian, Patrick Pelloux, a doctor who also writes for the paper, put his finger on why this decision is essential.

""It's very hard,"" he said. ""We are all suffering, with grief, with fear, but we will do it anyway, because stupidity will not win.""

If Charlie Hebdo were simply to go away, he said, the death of his colleagues would have been ""for nothing.""

Charlie Hebdo stirred up controversy with its irreverent, sometimes crass take on the world. It particularly offended Muslims with its treatment of the prophet Mohammed.

Extremist zealots, not known for their senses of humor, hope to control the conversation through fear. Whether it's shooting up Paris newspaper offices, beheading journalists in the Middle East or ruthlessly and relentlessly persecuting reporters and editors in despot-ruled nations, the goal is the same: Kill the messengers and make the message go away.

But it can't.

The pen is mightier than the sword, the saying goes. But it certainly doesn't always seem that way. The power of evil people who kill without conscience can make the pen (or the keyboard) seem frail indeed, completely overmatched.

Years back, giving a commencement address at the Philip Merrill College of Journalism at the University of Maryland, humorist Gene Weingarten brandished a mammoth scabbard and a tiny pen. Gene was on to something.

But the way truth continues to emerge is that there is often someone to pick up the shield of the slain colleague. Despite the sharply escalating anger of covering international flashpoints, for example, journalists continue to bear the enormous risks.

In Casablanca, Victor Laszlo (played by Paul Henreid) talks about why he believes the Nazis will never prevail: ""And what if you track down these men and kill them, what if you killed all of us? From every corner of Europe, hundreds, thousands would rise up to take our places. Even Nazis can't kill that fast.""

I can't say I'm quite as sanguine as Victor was. But I'm very glad to see that Charlie Hebdo will go on.",1
4441,Obama will walk away from Iran talks if no inspections,"WASHINGTON — President Obama said Sunday that his administration will walk away from negotiations with Iran over its nuclear program unless the United States can verify that Iran is not developing nuclear weapons.

""If we cannot verify that they are not going to obtain a nuclear weapon— that there's a breakout period so that even if they cheated we would be able to have enough time to take action — if we don't have that kind of deal, then we're not going to take it,"" the president said in an interview onCBS' Face the Nation.

""If there's no deal,"" Obama said, ""then we walk away.""

The United States and its allies have until March 24 to reach an agreement with Iran. Obama wants to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons while still allowing the country to enrich uranium to use for energy production.

""Over the next month or so, we're going to be able to determine whether or not their system is able to accept what would be an extraordinarily reasonable deal if in fact, as they say, they are only interested in peaceful nuclear programs,"" Obama told correspondent Bill Plante. ""And if we have unprecedented transparency in that system, if we are able to verify that in fact they are not developing weapons systems, then there's a deal to be had, but that's going to require them to accept the kind of verification and constraints on their program that so far, at least, they have not been willing to say yes to.""

He said talks with Iran, which have been going on for more than a year, have not cost the United States anything. Iran has been abiding by an interim agreement not to advance its nuclear program, the president said.

""We're not losing anything through these talks,"" Obama said.

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, also appearing on Face the Nation, said he and Obama have the same ultimate goal in trying to ensure that Iran does't develop nuclear weapons. But Netanyahu said he doesn't trust that inspections will prevent the Iranians from cheating and developing weapons.

""I do not trust inspections with totalitarian regimes,"" Netanyahu said. ""What I'm suggesting is that you contract Iran's nuclear program, so there's less to inspect.""

Netanyahu spoke to a joint session of Congress last Tuesday, warning U.S. lawmakers against a deal with Iran.

The Senate must weigh in on whatever deal is reached, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., said.

""The Iranians are fomenting trouble in Syria, in Lebanon, in Gaza, in Yemen,"" McConnell said on Face the Nation. ""All over the Middle East, they're on the march. They've had enhanced influence in Iraq. We can't ignore all of their other behavior in looking at the potential nuclear deal. What we do know about the deal is it looks like it will leave the (nuclear) infrastructure in place with one of the worst regimes in the world.""

McConnell said he is working to put together a veto-proof majority to support a measure giving Congress the authority to approve or disapprove of any deal.

Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., agreed that Congress has a role in whatever deal may be reached.

""Congress passed the sanctions itself, so Congress has very much an interest in the sanctions,"" Schumer said in a separate Face the Nation interview. ""I pushed that it shouldn't be done before there's an agreement...but after that, yes, Congress has a right to weigh in and I support it.""",1
3211,The 2016 Republican field might be the most diverse ever — for either party,"The addition of Carly Fiorina (not a white man) and Ben Carson (not a white man) to a Republican 2016 field that already includes Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and Rand Paul means that the 2016 Republican field will likely be the most diverse from either party since at least 1992. Given how the country has diversified -- and given how many non-white-men are already in the GOP field -- it's likely that the current class is the most diverse ever. With one caveat.

We pulled data on the major presidential contenders from each election since Bill Clinton first won the presidency. What constitutes a presidential contender is admittedly subjective, so we focused (but not exclusively) on those who actually made it onto ballots and those who won delegates. Giving us this:

For 2016, we included a number of people who aren't yet actual candidates, including Martin O'Malley on the Democratic side and Republicans Scott Walker, Rick Perry, Jeb Bush, John Kasich, Lindsey Graham, Rick Santorum and Bobby Jindal. (Why didn't we include Trump? Because: Who is that? Who is ""Trump""? Also.) Those likely candidates are the faded icons on the chart below.

Even once we add in all of those mostly white-male Republican maybes, the party's 2016 field is the most diverse on either side. One more white male, though, and the balance tips to the 2008 Democrats, with Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama and Bill Richardson in a smaller field. (In terms of the sheer number of non-white men, the giant 2016 GOP field will be hard to beat.) There's only one non-white woman on our chart: 2004 Democrat Carol Moseley Braun.

Since 1990, the percentage of the country that is white has dropped from more than 80 percent to just above 70 percent, according to Census Bureau data. That increased diversity is reflected in the candidates that the parties field. We'll note, though, that the percentage of women in America has always been a bit above 50 percent, but the percentage of women that have run for president since 1992 has been below 10 percent.

Which is something that at least one of this year's candidates will probably point out.",1
1179,Donald Trump may be showing us the future of right-wing politics,"Pundits and politicians have been shocked by the Trump phenomenon, startled that so many Americans could be so enthusiastic about his anti-democratic style proposals.

But Trump is not that original. His actual proposals are in keeping with longstanding trends in U.S. history and society, with the rejection and nativism that have erupted after each immigration wave. His style is reminiscent of populist and fascist leaders who’ve succeeded both in Europe and Latin America during periods of economic stress, including such recent champions as Hugo Chávez and Silvio Berlusconi, authoritarians who elevated themselves and their supporters rather than building party structures or democratic institutions.

Some observers believe – or, perhaps, hope — that Trump’s followers misunderstand or don’t believe in what he represents. They’re wrong. We will explain.

The Trump movement cannot be dismissed as one of frustrated moderates

Some observers, including President Obama, suggest that his voters are misguided. Here in the Monkey Cage, Doug Ahler and David Broockman argued that Trump is a textbook example of an ideological moderate. Still others portray Trump followers as working-class outcasts of the changing economy that see his candidacy as a way to channel their frustrations. And many U.S. pundits—such as George Packer in The New Yorker—explain all this by saying that voters on left and right are “angry” with Washington, and that both Trump and Sanders represent a new wave of populism.

But Trump and Sanders must not be conflated. Sanders wants to politicize inequality. Trump, rather, is advocating for anti-politics, by which we mean that Trump’s language, and his followers’ celebration of his speeches, primarily express a rejection of politics in a democratic key. Trump’s stance represents the antithesis of Sanders’s call for political change. Trump’s narrative insists that he is above the fray of politics. This is, of course, an ideological and political claim. Returning America to national and international anti-democratic traditions it is just a different kind of politics.

And Trump’s followers explicitly agree with what he says. In December, seven out of 10 republicans believed that Trump “tells it like it is.” As Sarah Palin suggested when she endorsed Trump in Iowa, Trump stands against politics as usual as represented by “establishment candidates” who are “wearing political correctness like a suicide vest. And enough is enough.” While the establishment hears random insults, his followers hear a list of the enemies of a homogeneous America.

Many studies have revealed the link between resentment toward blacks and immigrants, on the one hand, and support for Trump on the other. In other, words, his supporters like Trump not despite his anti-democratic qualities, but precisely because of them. His campaign rallies often include incidents of physical violence against perceived outsiders. At a rally in Las Vegas, according to NBC News, one man shouted “Sieg heil.”

We believe racism and charismatic leadership bring Trump close to the fascist equation but he might be better described as post-fascist, which is to say populist.

From our research, let’s take a definition of populist post-fascism. This is a political style which has an extremely sacralizing understanding of politics. The leader understands politics as a theology in which he or she is the only who knows what is best for the nation. Populists consider people as formed by those who follow a unique vertical leadership; political antagonists are conceived as enemies who are potential or actual  traitors to the nation.

Populists want leaders to be charismatic embodiments of the voice and desires of the nation as a whole. They argue for a strong executive and the discursive, and often practical, dismissal of the legislative and judicial branches of government. Toward that end, they engage in radical nationalism and emphasize popular culture, as opposed to other forms of culture that do not represent “national thought.” Finally, populism is an authoritarian form of electoral democracy that nonetheless rejects dictatorial forms of government.

Modern populism arose from the defeat of fascism, as a novel post-fascist attempt to bring back the fascist experience to the democratic path, creating in turn an authoritarian form of democracy that would stress strong leaders and caudillos such as General Juan Perón in Argentina and Hugo Chavez in Venezuela.

In populism, political democracy is strained but never eradicated, as it had been with fascism. Modern post-fascism pushes democracy to its limits but, generally, without breaking it. Trump’s vision of America is the latest example of this attempt to redefine democratic theory and practice.

Unlike Hitler and Mussolini, Trump does not have a real party. He wants to be the Republican candidate, but party officials and ideologues reject him. In contrast, fascist leaders were often founding members of movements and then emerged as their leaders.

As we mentioned earlier, Trump’s leadership is more akin to that of Hugo Chávez and Silvio Berlusconi. While Chávez – who started his own government reality show — invoked a vague ideological platform to gain power, in practice he centralized decision-making, attacked freedom of speech and dismantled the division of powers, always by invoking an external threat.Berlusconi denigrated institutions; used his billionaire status to prove he was a political outsider; and channeled the new European populism’s anti-migrant sentiment to hold power.

Trump uses anti-immigrant sentiment more often than Berlusconi and other leaders like Chávez’ successor Nicolas Maduro, bringing his rhetoric closer to that of other post-fascist politicians like Marine Le Pen in France.

The Republican leadership rejects Trump. Indeed, many conservatives call him a fascist. But Trump embodies many of the party’s views on immigration, Islam, climate change, women’s roles, minority voting, and so on. Trump and his followers differ not in kind but in the clarity and radical way in with which they express some of the extreme consequences of the tea party agenda.

If we consider a longer historical process in which the Republican Party in particular has been traveling steadily farther toward populism, Trump and his followers might very well be showing us the future of U.S. right-wing politics.

Federico Finchelstein is professor of history and department chair at The New School in New York and author, among other books, of The Ideological Origins of the Dirty War. Fascism, Populism, and Dictatorship in Twentieth-Century Argentina and Transatlantic Fascism: Ideology, Violence and the Sacred in Argentina and Italy, 1919-1945 .

Pablo Piccato is professor of history at Columbia University and author of The Tyranny of Opinion: Honor in the Construction of the Mexican Public Sphere and City of Suspects: Crime in Mexico City, 1900-1931.",1
3246,Republicans in state governments plan juggernaut of conservative legislation,"Legislators in the 24 states where Republicans now hold total control plan to push a series of aggressive policy initiatives in the coming year aimed at limiting the power of the federal government and rekindling the culture wars.

The unprecedented breadth of the Republican majority — the party now controls 31 governorships and 68 of 98 partisan legislative chambers — all but guarantees a new tide of conservative laws. Republicans plan to launch a fresh assault on the Common Core education standards, press abortion regulations, cut personal and corporate income taxes and take up dozens of measures challenging the power of labor unions and the Environmental Protection Agency.

Before Election Day, the GOP controlled 59 partisan legislative chambers across the country. The increase to 68 gives Republicans six more chambers than their previous record in the modern era, set after special elections in 2011 and 2012.

Republicans also reduced the number of states where Democrats control both the governor’s office and the legislatures from 13 to seven.

Republicans in at least nine states are planning to use their power to pass “right to work” legislation, which would allow employees to opt out of joining a labor union. Twenty-four states already have such laws on the books, and new measures have been or will be proposed in Wisconsin, New Mexico, New Hampshire, Ohio, Colorado, Kentucky, Montana, Pennsylvania and Missouri.

Democrats and union officials warn Republicans against going too far, just a few years after bills targeting public-sector employee unions sparked protests in Wisconsin and Ohio. “These bills have proven time and time again to decrease wages and safety standards in all workplaces,” said Stephanie Bloomingdale, secretary-treasurer of the Wisconsin AFL-CIO.

A new round of the culture wars is also inevitable in 2015. Mallory Quigley, a spokeswoman for the antiabortion Susan B. Anthony List, said she expects that measures to ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy will advance in Wisconsin, South Carolina and West Virginia. Missouri, too, is likely to take up some abortion-related bills.

In Tennessee, voters gave the legislature new powers to regulate abortion, and state House Speaker Beth Harwell (R) has said her chamber will take up three measures requiring mandatory counseling, a waiting period and stricter inspections of clinics.

Conservative activists also are targeting Common Core, the national education standards adopted by 46 states and the District of Columbia over the past few years. Opposition from parent and community groups has become a hot political issue on the right over the past year, leading three states — Indiana, Oklahoma and South Carolina — to drop out of the program.

Some states will attempt to join those three in leaving the program altogether. Others will try to change testing requirements or prevent the sharing of education data with federal officials. In recent interviews, several Republican governors who support Common Core say they expect debate in their forthcoming legislative sessions.

“The biggest concern and opposition you hear from conservative legislators is, ‘We don’t want Washington dictating curricula,’ ” said Utah state Sen. Curtis Bramble, a Republican.

Republicans also are likely to take up measures diluting the power of the EPA, which has proposed state-by-state targets for reducing carbon emissions. A dozen states have challenged proposed EPA regulations on power plants in federal court.

New Republican governors in states such as Arkansas and Arizona and legislators in North Carolina, North Dakota and elsewhere will prioritize cutting personal or corporate income tax rates. States that have experienced a revenue boom from energy taxes will have to contend with falling receipts as the price of oil declines. Tax revenue in other states is coming in slower than expected, presenting a challenge in many of the 49 states that require balanced annual budgets.

“With the increasing costs of Medicaid and education, balancing the budget is going to be a challenge,” said South Dakota state Sen. Deb Peters (R), who chairs the Appropriations Committee.

But Republicans also caution that they have to use their newfound political power to govern effectively and avoid overreach.

“If [Republicans] go too far, they’re not going to be the speaker and the majority leader two years from now,” said Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval (R), whose party took total control of the state legislature in November. “There’s a very narrow window to demonstrate that they can lead, that we can lead.”

Michael Sargeant, executive director of the Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee, said, “Democrats are going to articulate an agenda that’s forward-thinking.” Republicans, especially those considering possible presidential bids, such as Ohio Gov. John Kasich and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, “are worried about taking on some of these fights, because [Democratic constituencies] are going to fight back,” he said.

So there will be exceptions to the coming conservative juggernaut. Despite conservative opposition to Obamacare, some Republicans are debating whether and how to accept federal Medicaid expansion. Republican governors of Wyoming, Utah, Idaho, North Carolina and Tennessee have said they will try to persuade their legislators to accept federal funding, while Democratic governors in Montana and Pennsylvania will work with Republican-controlled legislatures in a similar vein.

“We were one of the states that sued on [the Affordable Care Act]. I thought it was both bad policy and I thought it was unconstitutional. The courts said I was wrong,” said Wyoming Gov. Matt Mead (R), who is advocating a modified expansion plan. “Even though I have serious disagreements with the law, this is the current law. How do we as a state make the best of it?”

Legislators said they are closely watching the Supreme Court, which will decide this year whether health-care subsidies under the ACA are constitutional in states that did not create their own health exchanges. “If the Supreme Court decides the Obamacare subsidies and employer penalties do not apply in states with federal health-care exchanges, then that will generate a huge new discussion in state legislatures,” said Tennessee state Sen. Brian Kelsey (R), who chairs the Judiciary Committee.

Legislators also will debate myriad less-partisan issues that have arisen as technology advances, including cybersecurity policies, regulations on electronic cigarettes and ride-sharing services. And the daunting specter of growing pension liabilities is likely to lead to contentious confrontations amid stretched budgets.

Lawmakers in a handful of states are considering how to regulate and tax the electronic cigarette industry; so far, three states have banned e-cigarettes from smoke-free workplaces, and Minnesota and North Carolina levy taxes on them. The e-cigarette industry, eager to avoid lawsuits and public relations disasters, has encouraged at least some regulations.

Several states are grappling with the rise of ride-sharing services, such as Uber, Lyft and Sidecar. Outgoing Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn (D) is likely to sign a measure regulating the emerging industry, and Uber is negotiating a similar agreement with Nevada regulators.

Some legislatures will debate “right to try” legislation, which would allow people with terminal illnesses access to experimental drugs before those drugs win final approval from the Food and Drug Administration. Arizona, Colorado, Louisiana and Missouri already have versions of such laws on the books.

And as marijuana legalization takes effect in two more states, in addition to the two where the drug was already legal, legislators in most states are expected to debate a rash of drug law revisions. Pure legalization bills will be introduced in 18 states, while decriminalization bills will be introduced in 15, according to a tally maintained by the pro-legalization Marijuana Policy Project.

States will lobby the new ­Republican-led Congress on a handful of issues that impact budgets. A bipartisan group of legislators has urged Congress to pass the Marketplace Fairness Act, which would allow taxation of online sales, though GOP control in Washington makes passage unlikely. Thirty-nine governors — Democrats and Republicans alike — have encouraged Congress to extend funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, which provides states about $13 billion for medical coverage for about 8 million children from low-income families. And states want Congress to pass a long-term extension of the Highway Trust Fund, which top Republicans in Washington have said is a priority.

“State legislatures need a long-term funding solution for their transportation infrastructure. If Congress does not act, states will have to look at other funding solutions,” said Mick Bullock, a spokesman for the bipartisan National Conference of State Legislatures.

Mounting budgetary challenges from earlier years will dominate legislative attention in a handful of states. About half of all states are operating at or above their maximum prison capacity, according to corrections experts, putting pressure on legislatures to alleviate crowding. Some states will have to deal with increasingly underfunded pension plans, which could threaten to swamp state budgets over the long term. In Illinois, where the state pension is funded at less than 40 percent, Gov.-elect Bruce Rauner (R) made pension reform a cornerstone of his campaign this year.

The American Legislative Exchange Council, a conservative organization that helps Republican legislators coordinate measures among states, supports moving public pensions from a defined benefit system to a defined contribution system. ALEC considers Oklahoma, which passed a pension reform bill in 2014, to be the model.",1
375,"Sanders, Dem establishment battle boils over","With the Democratic presidential primary in its twilight, frustration within the ranks over the party's handling of the primary process spilled out this week as Bernie Sanders supporters lashed out at party leaders, arguing that their candidate has been treated unfairly.

The public outpouring of anger began last weekend at the Nevada Democratic Party convention, where Sanders supporters who said Hillary Clinton's backers had subverted party rules shouted down pro-Clinton speakers and sent threatening messages to state party Chairwoman Roberta Lange after posting her phone number and address on social media.

That led Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid and other top party leaders to demand an apology and publicly ruminate on the possibility of violence at the Democratic National Convention in July as they prepare for a general election battle with Donald Trump.

Obama administration officials on Wednesday played down concerns about escalating tensions, likening the race to the 2008 primary fight between Clinton and then-Sen. Barack Obama.

But Sanders isn't backing down. A campaign spokesman said Wednesday that the campaign was ""looking into"" whether to ask for a recount in Kentucky, where Sanders narrowly lost on Tuesday night, and he fired up his crowd in Southern California Tuesday night by calling out the Democratic establishment.

The Sanders campaign on Tuesday did condemn unruly behavior from supporters and those who made threats to party leaders, but made clear it is sticking with its stance that the party is subverting the process in a way that benefits Clinton.

""These claims that our campaign is sort of fomenting violence in some way are absolute nonsense,"" Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver told CNN's Wolf Blitzer Tuesday night, adding that the campaign ""absolutely, categorically"" condemns any threatening behavior.

The breakdown in civility comes after what has otherwise been a comparatively polite campaign season for Democrats, but the frustration exposes a rift in the party and undercuts the notion that Clinton will be able to march into the Democratic convention this summer with a party unified behind her.

""The problem is that there are long-simmering concerns about unfair treatment out in the Nevada Democratic Party,"" Weaver added. ""We are not going to allow the millions of people who supported Bernie Sanders to be sort of rolled over in places like Nevada by the way they handled that convention.""

Earlier on Tuesday, Sanders released a statement suggesting that his supporters were justified in feeling like the party has given them a raw deal.

""If the Democratic Party is to be successful in November, it is imperative that all state parties treat our campaign supporters with fairness and the respect that they have earned,"" Sanders' statement read. ""Unfortunately, that was not the case at the Nevada convention. At that convention the Democratic leadership used its power to prevent a fair and transparent process from taking place.""

In an interview with CNN, Wasserman Schultz said that statement wasn't enough.

""I was deeply disturbed,"" she said. ""The senator's response was anything but acceptable. It certainly did not condemn his supporters for acting violently or engaging in intimidation tactics and instead added more fuel the fire.""

The DNC chairwoman, however, said she has not spoken directly with Sanders, but that her staff has been in touch with the Vermont senator's campaign. She also pushed back against Sanders' accusation that the party had rigged the system against him.

""We've had the same rules in place that elected Barack Obama. These rules were adopted for state parties all across the country in 2014,"" she said. ""They were followed and even if the Sanders supporters were frustrated, there is never, under any circumstances, a place for violence and intimidation to be resorted to in response.""

On CNN's ""New Day"" Wednesday morning, Weaver accused the DNC chairwoman of ""throwing shade.""

""We can have a long conversation about Debbie Wasserman Schultz and how she's been throwing shade on the Sanders campaign,"" Weaver said.

""I gotta say it's not the DNC,"" he added. ""By and large the DNC has been very good to us, but not Debbie Wasserman Schultz.""

Wasserman Schultz brushed off Weaver's comments later in the day.

""My response to that is hashtag SMH (shake my head),"" Wasserman Schultz told Blitzer on ""Wolf."" ""We need to focus on one thing: get through this primary and work to prepare for the general election and make sure that we can continue to draw the contrasts between either one of our really fine candidates who are focused on helping people reach the middle class and make sure that we get equal pay for equal work and create jobs and not let the Republicans take health care away from 20 million Americans.""

'He should get things under control'

Speaking to reporters in Columbus, Ohio, on Wednesday afternoon, Vice President Joe Biden said if such disruption happens again, ""He's going to have to be more aggressive in speaking out about it.""

""But here we are in May, as was pointed out,"" Biden continued. ""Hillary was still in this in May, in June. I'm confident that Bernie will be supportive if Hillary wins, which the numbers indicate will happen. So I'm not worried. There's no fundamental split in the Democratic Party.""

Leading congressional Democrats also pushed Sanders to rein in his supporters. Reid called Sanders' response ""a test of leadership"" for Sanders, and a source in his office told CNN that the Nevada senator is waiting to hear from the senator himself on the matter.

""The convention was Saturday. It's now Wednesday afternoon. And he hasn't spoken about it,"" the source said.

California Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer, who spoke on behalf of Clinton at the Nevada convention, condemned the behavior.

""He should get things under control,"" Boxer said. ""We're in a race that is very critical. We have to be united.""

""This is a character moment for Bernie Sanders. He's got to figure out how he's true to his values and his ideals fully,"" said CNN political commentator Van Jones.

""I think Hillary and Bernie both misunderstand this movement. I think Hillary just sees it as just a bunch of rowdy kids that at some point will just calm down and fall into line,"" he said, later adding, ""I think Bernie actually only sees the good in his followers. I think Bernie really misunderstands there is a nasty edge to his following that he's not taking seriously enough.""

Sen. Tim Kaine criticized Sanders' responses in the wake of reports that Democrats felt threatened at and following the convention.

""What he did yesterday was sort of say it's the party's fault,"" Kaine told CNN. ""That deflection of responsibility is not leadership.""

Kaine added that the angry protests could be ""dirty tricksters in the crowd"" and not just Sanders' supporters.

""I don't think we should assume that all of the people raising hell are Bernie people,"" Kaine said.

Sanders goes after the establishment in fiery speech

Speaking in Southern California Tuesday night, Sanders fired up the crowd by calling out the Democratic leadership.

""The Democratic Party is going to have to make a very, very, profound and important decision. It can do the right thing and open its doors and welcome into the party people who are prepared to fight for real economic and social change. That is the Democratic Party I want to see."" Sanders said.

""I say to the leadership of the Democratic Party: Open the doors, let the people in! Or the other option for the Democratic Party, which I see as a very sad and tragic option is to choose and maintain its status quo structure, remain dependent on big money campaign contributions and be a party with limited participation and limited energy,"" he said.

The crowd responded by chanting, ""Bernie or Bust!"" the equivalent of the Republican #NeverTrump slogan for the Democratic race.

His speech barreled through his list of Clinton contrasts, comparing his stances with her (and criticizing those stances) on minimum wage, fracking, breaking up the big banks, and her use of super PACs.

In response to the chaos in Nevada, Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook simultaneously praised the passion and participation of Sanders' supporters while adding that Clinton believes that ""no one should be intimidated, harassed or threatened in this process."" He called on them to focus that energy on unifying the party, a task that could be difficult given the raw feelings many Sanders supporters have for Clinton after the primary.

""Supporters of both Clinton and Sanders deserve respect for the work they have put into their campaigns,"" Mook said. Ultimately, we are confident that the passion and energy from the primary will be united in a common purpose -- to move forward the ideals of our party and keep the White House out of Donald Trump's hands.""

White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest on Wednesday downplayed any tensions between the two campaigns.

He recalled a similar ""tenor"" to the 2008 contest between Clinton and Obama, saying those tensions were ""no less intense"" and didn't lead to a negative result in the general election.

""I think one of the lessons of 2008 is not to confuse passion in primary for disinterest in the general election,"" he said, adding that ""highly motivated"" supporters were good for democracy.

While the spotlight this year was on the Republican primary and prospect for a contested convention and protests at the national convention in Cleveland, some Democrats now worry about that happening at their convention in Philadelphia.

Wasserman Schultz said the incidents in Nevada would result in the DNC reviewing its procedures for Philadelphia.

""As a result of this happening this weekend, we will have conversations both at the staff level as well as my having conversations with the candidates so that we can make sure that both campaigns are focused on making sure that we can allow this process for the duration of the primary to play out in a civil and orderly way,"" she said.

But the DNC chairwoman said she wasn't worried about violence happening at the convention.

""This was absolutely a serious concern, which is why I said what needed to be said yesterday and others have said that there was real concern,"" Wasserman Schultz told Blitzer Wednesday afternoon. ""But it is important and I am confident that the candidates take the messages to heart about making sure that we respond and conduct ourselves in a civil and orderly way.""

California Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein, however, warned that Sanders' intention to take his candidacy to the Democratic convention could spark unrest similar to the chaotic 1968 convention in Chicago and the riots surrounding it.

""It worries me a great deal,"" Feinstein told CNN's Manu Raju. ""You know, I don't want to go back to the '68 convention, because I worry about what it does to the electorate as a whole -- and he should, too.""

And Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin of Illinois also said he's concerned about violence in Philadelphia.

""We saw what happened at the Trump rallies, which broke into violence, people punching one another. I don't want to see that happen at the Democratic Party,"" Durbin told CNN. ""I call on Bernie to say to his supporters: be fervent, be committed but be sensible. Don't engage in any violence.""

Weaver pledged Tuesday night that the convention will be peaceful.

""There's not going to be any violence in Philadelphia, Wolf, I guarantee you that,"" he said on CNN. ""We hope for a fair and orderly convention.""",1
3574,Obama Says Terrorists Seek Legitimacy by Using Religious Tie,"President Barack Obama said the U.S. and its allies must strip away any legitimacy that Islamic State and al-Qaeda claim by portraying themselves as religious movements.

Obama, who has come under criticism from Republicans who say he avoids acknowledging the Muslim roots of extremist groups, said terrorists use religion as a recruiting tool by portraying the U.S. and European nations as being at war with Islam.

“We must never accept the premise they put forward, because it is a lie,” Obama said Wednesday in Washington on the second day of a White House summit on combating extremism. “They are not religious leaders. They’re terrorists. And we are not at war with Islam. We are at war with people who have perverted Islam.”

Deadly attacks in Paris, Sydney and Copenhagen by individuals of Muslim background and possibly inspired by the brutal tactics of Islamic State, along with the group’s spread in Syria, Iraq and now Libya, have raised alarms in Europe and the U.S. about the danger of lone-wolf terrorists, driven by extremist ideology and difficult to detect before they act.

At the summit, the Obama administration is convening representatives of Muslim organizations, law enforcement officials and local political leaders to swap ideas about how to stem root causes of extremism. It also has invited leaders from overseas to take part.

Obama said civic leaders must recognize that Islamic State and al-Qaeda “deliberately target their propaganda in the hopes of reaching and brainwashing young Muslims” through videos, social media and other online outlets. He said the one way to counter that is to alleviate the alienation and poverty that are the extremists’ best recruiting tool.

In the U.S., he said, local and federal authorities must make sure that Muslims aren’t isolated and that they are welcomed and integrated into society.

“Muslim Americans feel they have been unfairly targeted,” he said. “We have to be sure that abuses stop, are not repeated, that we do not stigmatize entire communities.”

Former Virginia Governor Jim Gilmore, who is chairman of a political action committee aimed at electing Republicans, called the conference a “farce” in a statement and said the administration should be targeting terrorists rather than offering “pie-in-the-sky social welfare programs” to Muslims here and overseas.

The administration’s strategy is also aimed at drawing in the domestic Muslim leaders who Obama is leaning on to identify and isolate potentially violent extremists. Yet some groups say they remain suspicious about the administration’s motivation.

The Muslim Advocates, an Oakland Calif.-based group that that was invited to a White House meeting earlier this month, expressed concern that Obama’s requests for “partnerships” with Muslim community and religious leaders is code for requiring leaders to play a law enforcement role.

They also blasted Obama for focusing too narrowly on Muslims, a decision that the group says reinforces a negative stereotype that Islam and terror are linked.

“This whole day is focused on American Muslims, frankly,” Farhana Khera, the group’s executive director, said in a telephone interview. “It strikes at the core of what we are as Americans.”

Obama is speaking on the topic again tomorrow at the State Department during a session that includes representatives from overseas, including France, Belgium, Mexico and Japan.",1
4813,The worst election ever,"Dragging on for an excruciating eternity, this election season has demeaned democracy, elevated mediocrity and insulted and embarrassed us all on just about every level imaginable: Intellectually, with regard to the lack of focus on policy and substance; ethically, with a complete disregard for integrity and character; and morally, driven by a disgraceful descent into racist and xenophobic vitriol.

Given that our country has consistently climbed down the educational attainment ladder, and that inane and banal reality TV shows draw more eyeballs than books and opera , it should not surprise us that a growing swath of the electorate is more enthused by a coarse, bullying celebrity than by an awkward policy wonk.

But what's doubly disappointing -- as we head into the crucial presidential debates -- is that this lack of intellectual depth is enabled not only by the candidates, but also by the topics they gravitate to, which the media frenzy then exacerbates.

These are topics that don't matter when it comes to making a difference in the future of our country: the size of a candidate's hands (and therefore other body parts), the now-moot birther issue, the Monica Lewinsky and Marla Maples scandals, the name-calling and finger pointing about who is more racist than whom, who is healthier than whom.",1
512,The House GOP budget is a gimmick,"Six men in green ties took the stage in the House television studio Tuesday, and House Budget Committee Chairman Tom Price, a slight leprechaun of a man with silver hair and dark eyebrows, approached the microphone.

“Good mor — top o’ the mornin’ to ya!” Price announced. “Happy St. Patrick’s Day to all.”

It was altogether fitting that Republicans rolled out their budget during a festival of inebriation in honor of the man who magically (and apocryphally) banished snakes from Ireland. What Republicans have done with their budget is no less fantastic: They have employed lucky charms and mystical pots of gold to make them appear more sober about balancing the budget than they actually are.

“We do not rely on gimmicks or creative accounting tricks to balance our budget,” the House Republicans say in the introduction to their fiscal 2016 budget.

True, the budget does not rely on gimmicks. The budget is a gimmick.

It pretends to keep strict limits on defense spending — so-called “sequestration” — but then pumps tens of billions of extra dollars into a slush fund called “Overseas Contingency Operations.” That means the funds count as emergency spending and not as part of the Pentagon budget.

It assumes that current tax cuts will be allowed to expire as scheduled — which would amount to a $900 billion tax increase that nobody believes would be allowed to go into effect.

It proposes to repeal Obamacare but then counts revenues and savings from Obamacare as if the law remained in effect.

It claims to save $5.5 trillion over 10 years, but in the fine print — the budget plan’s instructions to committees — it only asks them to identify about $5 billion in savings over that time.

It assumes more than $1 trillion in cuts to a category known as “other mandatory” programs — but doesn’t specify what those cuts would be.

It relies on $147 billion in additional revenue from “dynamic scoring,” a more generous accounting method.

It doesn’t account for the $200 billion plan now being negotiated to increase doctor payments under Medicare and to extend a children’s health-care program.

The difficulty concealing all these sleights of hand might explain why Price was in such a hurry to leave his news conference Tuesday. His predecessor, Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), liked to give lengthy seminars on his conservative budgeting theories, but Price took questions for just six minutes before an aide hollered “last question.” The chairman was gone a minute later, and reporters gave chase to the leprechaun. “Can your budget pass?” one of them asked.

“I think so,” Price said, before locating his confidence. “Sure. Absolutely.”

It was the latest instance of the Republicans discovering how difficult it is to govern now that they have unified control of Congress. In the past four years, budget debuts were academic exercises because there would never be agreement between the Republican House and Democratic Senate. But now the budget might actually mean something, and the firebrands elected in the past three elections need to show how they would handle the country’s finances. It turns out they govern much like those who came before them — with legislative smoke and mirrors.

Rep. Rob Woodall (R-Ga.), one of those on the stage, observed that “folks are playing with the opportunity for the first time in my short congressional career to actually bring a budget to the United States.”

“Playing” is a good verb for the occasion.

Price, a Georgia Republican who ran the conservative Republican Study Committee, delivered a long statement, imparting his assurance that “we believe in America.” At least three times he held up the 43-page budget for the cameras. But after the 10-minute preamble, the questioning quickly got tricky for Price.

Why didn’t he ask committees to come up with more than $5 billion in savings?

“That’s a floor, not a ceiling,” Price said, adding something about “an opportunity to provide a positive solution that the American people desire.”

Andy Taylor of the Associated Press asked him about the $900 billion tax increase and the Obamacare revenues assumed in the budget.

“Because we believe in the American people, and we believe in growth,” replied Price, predicting higher-than-expected economic growth would boost tax revenues.

Jonathan Weisman of the New York Times asked Price if he would detail the $1 trillion in mandatory cuts that the budget doesn’t identify.

“Take a peek at ‘A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America,’ ” Price replied, holding up the budget again for the cameras.

“I’m looking at it,” Weisman said. “It doesn’t specify.”

It didn’t — and that’s the sort of trick Republicans can no longer get away with now that they’re in charge.

Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
3863,Obama announces restrictions on distribution of military-style equipment to police,"President Obama is banning local police departments from receiving a range of military-style equipment from the federal government -- from grenade launchers to bayonets to certain armored vehicles -- as he implements the recommendations of a panel that examined the controversial gear giveaways in the wake of the Ferguson riots.

The White House announced Monday that Washington would no longer provide some military-style gear while putting stricter controls on other weapons and equipment distributed to law enforcement. The details were released in advance of an Obama visit to Camden, N.J., Monday afternoon where he met with youth and law enforcement.

Nine months earlier, scenes of heavily armed police in riot gear dispelling racially charged protests in Ferguson touched off a debate about federal programs that let local law enforcement apply for such equipment. The White House initially suggested Obama would maintain those programs, but an interagency group found ""substantial risk of misusing or overusing"" items like tracked armored vehicles, high-powered firearms and camouflage could undermine trust in police.

Speaking in Camden, Obama said the use of militarized gear by police can give the public the feeling that law enforcement is like ""an occupying force.""

In previewing the president's trip, the White House said that effective immediately, the federal government will no longer fund or provide armored vehicles that run on a tracked system instead of wheels, weaponized aircraft or vehicles, firearms or ammunition of .50-caliber or higher, grenade launchers, bayonets or camouflage uniforms. The federal government also is exploring ways to recall prohibited equipment already distributed.

With scrutiny on police only increasing in the ensuing months after a series of highly publicized deaths of black suspects nationwide, Obama also is unveiling the final report of a task force he created to help build confidence between police and minority communities in particular.

In addition to the new equipment-transfer bans, a longer list of equipment the federal government provides will come under tighter control, including wheeled armored vehicles like Humvees, manned aircraft, drones, specialized firearms, explosives, battering rams and riot batons, helmets and shields. Starting in October, police will have to get approval from their city council, mayor or some other local governing body to obtain it, provide a persuasive explanation of why it is needed and have more training and data collection on the use of the equipment.

The issue of police militarization rose to prominence last year after a white police officer in Ferguson fatally shot unarmed black 18-year-old Michael Brown, sparking protests. Critics questioned why police in full body armor with armored trucks responded to dispel demonstrators, and Obama seemed to sympathize when ordering a review of the programs that provide the equipment. ""There is a big difference between our military and our local law enforcement and we don't want those lines blurred,"" Obama last in August.

But he did not announce a ban in December with the publication of the review, which showed five federal agencies spent $18 billion on programs that provided equipment including 92,442 small arms, 44,275 night-vision devices, 5,235 Humvees, 617 mine-resistant vehicles and 616 aircraft. At the time, the White House defended the programs as proving to be useful in many cases, such as the response to the Boston Marathon bombing. Instead of repealing the programs, Obama issued an executive order that required federal agencies that run the programs to consult with law enforcement and civil rights and civil liberties organizations to recommend changes that make sure they are accountable and transparent.

That working group said in a report out Monday that it developed the list of newly banned equipment because ""the substantial risk of misusing or overusing these items, which are seen as militaristic in nature, could significantly undermine community trust and may encourage tactics and behaviors that are inconsistent with the premise of civilian law enforcement."" The Justice Department did not respond to an inquiry about how many pieces of equipment that are now banned had been previously distributed through federal programs.

The separate report from the 21st Century Policing task force has a long list of recommendations to improve trust in police, including encouraging more transparency about interactions with the public. The White House said 21 police agencies nationwide, including Camden and nearby Philadelphia, have agreed to start putting out never-before released data on citizen interactions like use of force, stops, citations and officer-involved shootings. The administration also is launching an online toolkit to encourage the use of body cameras to record police interactions. And the Justice Department is giving $163 million in grants to incentivize police departments to adopt the report's recommendations.

Ron Davis, director of the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services at the Department of Justice, told reporters he hoped the report could be a ""key transformational document"" in rebuilding trust that has been destroyed in recent years between police and minority communities.

""We are without a doubt sitting at a defining moment for American policing,"" said Davis, a 30-year police veteran and former chief of the East Palo Alto (California) Police Department. ""We have a unique opportunity to redefine policing in our democracy, to ensure that public safety becomes more than the absence of crime, that it must also include the presence of justice.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3150,God is on the ropes: The brilliant new science that has creationists and the Christian right terrified,"Darwin also didn’t have anything to say about how life got started in the first place — which still leaves a mighty big role for God to play, for those who are so inclined. But that could be about to change, and things could get a whole lot worse for creationists because of Jeremy England, a young MIT professor who’s proposed a theory, based in thermodynamics, showing that the emergence of life was not accidental, but necessary. “[U]nder certain conditions, matter inexorably acquires the key physical attribute associated with life,” he was quoted as saying in an article in Quanta magazine early in 2014, that’s since been republished by Scientific American and, more recently, by Business Insider. In essence, he’s saying, life itself evolved out of simpler non-living systems.

The notion of an evolutionary process broader than life itself is not entirely new. Indeed, there’s evidence, recounted by Eric Havelock in “The Liberal Temper in Greek Politics,” that it was held by the pre-Socratic natural philosophers, who also first gave us the concept of the atom, among many other things. But unlike them or other earlier precursors, England has a specific, unifying, testable evolutionary mechanism in mind.

Quanta fleshed things out a bit more like this:

From the standpoint of physics, there is one essential difference between living things and inanimate clumps of carbon atoms: The former tend to be much better at capturing energy from their environment and dissipating that energy as heat. Jeremy England, a 31-year-old assistant professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, has derived a mathematical formula that he believes explains this capacity. The formula, based on established physics, indicates that when a group of atoms is driven by an external source of energy (like the sun or chemical fuel) and surrounded by a heat bath (like the ocean or atmosphere), it will often gradually restructure itself in order to dissipate increasingly more energy. This could mean that under certain conditions, matter inexorably acquires the key physical attribute associated with life.

It doesn’t mean we should expect life everywhere in the universe — lack of a decent atmosphere or being too far from the sun still makes most of our solar system inhospitable for life with or without England’s perspective. But it does mean that “under certain conditions” where life is possible — as it is here on Earth, obviously — it is also quite probable, if not, ultimately, inevitable. Indeed, life on Earth could well have developed multiple times independently of each other, or all at once, or both. The first truly living organism could have had hundreds, perhaps thousands of siblings, all born not from a single physical parent, but from a physical system, literally pregnant with the possibility of producing life. And similar multiple births of life could have happened repeatedly at different points in time.

That also means that Earth-like planets circling other suns would have a much higher likelihood of carrying life as well. We’re fortunate to have substantial oceans as well as an atmosphere — the heat baths referred to above — but England’s theory suggests we could get life with just one of them — and even with much smaller versions, given enough time. Giordano Bruno, who was burnt at the stake for heresy in 1600, was perhaps the first to take Copernicanism to its logical extension, speculating that stars were other suns, circled by other worlds, populated by beings like ourselves. His extreme minority view in his own time now looks better than ever, thanks to England.

If England’s theory works out, it will obviously be an epochal scientific advance. But on a lighter note, it will also be a fitting rebuke to pseudo-scientific creationists, who have long mistakenly claimed that thermodynamics disproves evolution (here, for example), the exact opposite of what England’s work is designed to show — that thermodynamics drives evolution, starting even before life itself first appears, with a physics-based logic that applies equally to living and non-living matter.

Most important in this regard is the Second Law of Thermodynamics, which states that in any closed process, there is an increase in the total entropy (roughly speaking, a measure of disorder). The increase in disorder is the opposite of increasing order due to evolution, the creationists reason, ergo — a contradiction! Overlooking the crucial word “closed,” of course. There are various equivalent ways of stating the law, one of which is that energy cannot pass from a cooler to a warmer body without extra work being done. Ginsberg’s theorem (as in poet Allen Ginsberg) puts it like this: “You can’t win. You can’t break even. You can’t even get out of the game.” Although creationists have long mistakenly believed that evolution is a violation of the Second Law, actual scientists have not. For example, physicist Stephen G. Brush, writing for the American Physical Society in 2000, in “Creationism Versus Physical Science,” noted: “As Ludwig Boltzmann noted more than a century ago, thermodynamics correctly interpreted does not just allow Darwinian evolution, it favors it.”

A simple explanation of this comes from a document in the thermodynamics FAQ subsection of TalkOrigins Archive (the  first and foremost online repository of reliable information on the creation/evolution controversy), which in part explains: Creationists thus misinterpret the 2nd law to say that things invariably progress from order to disorder. However, they neglect the fact that life is not a closed system. The sun provides more than enough energy to drive things. If a mature tomato plant can have more usable energy than the seed it grew from, why should anyone expect that the next generation of tomatoes can’t have more usable energy still? That passage goes right to the heart of the matter. Evolution is no more a violation of the Second Law than life itself is. A more extensive, lighthearted, non-technical treatment of the creationist’s misunderstanding and what’s really going on can be found here. The driving flow of energy — whether from the sun or some other source — can give rise to what are known as dissipative structures, which are self-organized by the process of dissipating the energy that flows through them. Russian-born Belgian physical chemist Ilya Prigogine won the 1977 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his work developing the concept. All living things are dissipative structures, as are many non-living things as well — cyclones, hurricanes and tornados, for example. Without explicitly using the term “dissipative structures,” the passage above went on to invoke them thus: Snowflakes, sand dunes, tornadoes, stalactites, graded river beds, and lightning are just a few examples of order coming from disorder in nature; none require an intelligent program to achieve that order. In any nontrivial system with lots of energy flowing through it, you are almost certain to find order arising somewhere in the system. If order from disorder is supposed to violate the 2nd law of thermodynamics, why is it ubiquitous in nature? In a very real sense, Prigogine’s work laid the foundations for what England is doing today, which is why it might be overstated to credit England with originating this theory, as several commentators at Quanta pointed out, noting other progenitors as well (here, here and here, among others). But already England appears to have assembled a collection of analytical tools, along with a sophisticated multidisciplinary theoretical approach, which promises to do much more than simply propound a theory, but to generate a whole new research agenda giving detailed meaning to that theoretical conjecture. And that research agenda is already starting to produce results. (See his research group home page for more.) It’s the development of this sort of detailed body of specific mutually interrelated results that will distinguish England’s articulation of his theory from other earlier formulations that have not yet been translated into successful theory-testing research agendas. Above all, as described on the home page mentioned above, England is involved in knitting together the understanding of life and various stages of life-like processes combining the perspectives of biology and physics: Living things are good at collecting information about their surroundings, and at putting that information to use through the ways they interact with their environment so as to survive and replicate themselves. Thus, talking about biology inevitably leads to talking about decision, purpose, and function. At the same time, living things are also made of atoms that, in and of themselves, have no particular function. Rather, molecules and the atoms from which they are built exhibit well-defined physical properties having to do with how they bounce off of, stick to, and combine with each other across space and over time. Making sense of life at the molecular level is all about building a bridge between these two different ways of looking at the world. If that sounds intriguing, you might enjoy this hour-long presentation of his work (with splashes of local Swedish color) — especially (but not only) if you’re a science nerd. Whether or not England’s theory proves out in the end, he’s already doing quite a lot to build that bridge between worldviews and inspire others to make similar efforts. Science is not just about making new discoveries, but about seeing the world in new ways — which then makes new discoveries almost inevitable. And England has already succeeded in that.  As the Quanta article explained: England’s theoretical results are generally considered valid. It is his interpretation — that his formula represents the driving force behind a class of phenomena in nature that includes life — that remains unproven. But already, there are ideas about how to test that interpretation in the lab. “He’s trying something radically different,” said Mara Prentiss, a professor of physics at Harvard who is contemplating such an experiment after learning about England’s work. “As an organizing lens, I think he has a fabulous idea. Right or wrong, it’s going to be very much worth the investigation.” Creationists often cast themselves as humble servants of God, and paint scientists as arrogant, know-it-all rebels against him. But, unsurprisingly, they’ve got it all backwards, once again. England’s work reminds us that it’s scientists’ willingness to admit our own ignorance and confront it head on — rather than papering over it — that unlocks the great storehouse of wonders we live in and gives us our most challenging, satisfying quests.",1
2106,Two°: readers pick story on meat and climate change,"CNN columnist John D. Sutter is reporting on a tiny number -- 2 degrees -- that may have a huge effect on the future. He'd like your help. Subscribe to the ""2 degrees"" newsletter or follow him on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram . He's jdsutter on Snapchat.

(CNN) Update: This poll is now closed and the results are in: Readers selected food and meat's impact on climate change as the next topic for CNN's Two° series. Thanks to everyone who voted! Sign up for the Two° newsletter to get updates about that story and this series.

Every story needs a villain -- and climate change is no exception.

Knowing which countries and industries contribute to climate change, and in what proportions, is key to understanding how we can fix this problem and avoid 2 degrees Celsius of warming , which is what policymakers regard as the threshold for ""dangerous"" climate change.

Plus, this story is complicated by the fact that nearly all of us -- certainly those reading this column on a mobile phone or computer -- contribute to climate change in some way.

We're all partly to blame.

I'm going to be exploring this idea of ""climate villains"" for the next month or so, as part of CNN's Two° series , which looks at that threshold for dangerous warming. That's the point at which some island nations are expected to be submerged , drought risks go up considerably and water availability goes down.

I'd like your help in deciding which bad guys to target.

Below, you'll find a Facebook poll that lists four of my favorite climate villains, all of which came from your suggestions. Pick the one you find most interesting and I'll go out into the world to report on the winner. The poll closes at 5 p.m. ET on Sunday, August 16.

I've met people -- smart people, reasonable people -- who think that climate change is caused by aerosols from hairspray (it isn't) or that it's just part of a natural warming cycle (it's not). Burning fossil fuels for electricity and heat, as well as chopping down rainforests, contributes to climate change.

Here's a breakdown of global greenhouse gas emissions by sector, according to 2012 data synthesized by the World Resources Institute. This is kind of a ""blame"" chart.

On Wednesday, I asked people on Facebook to identify their preferred climate villains . Among the most interesting (and sometimes humorous) responses you submitted: dinosaurs (""they turned into the oil that we want to get at, right?""); millennials (""It is always millennials' fault for everything ...""); parents (""the process of procreation ... results in increases in demand of the earth's resources and is the driving force for most of our planet's woes""). I was mentioned by name (""John Sutter. I bet he's double secret super villain. No doubt.""), as was Willis Carrier , the guy who commercialized the modern air conditioner, and James Watt, who invented an efficient steam engine

You also identified more nebulous bad guys, like apathy, greed, ignorance and consumerism. Geography found its way into the mix, too. China, America and the ""3rd world"" all made your list.

Some countries are more to blame than others, sure. But it turns out that the most industrialized countries -- the United States, European countries and, increasingly, China and India -- are among the biggest contributors to climate change, because they burn the most fossil fuels.

Those are the countries most responsible for the warming we're already seeing, as well as for much of the warming that we will seen in coming years. According to the World Bank, the atmosphere already has warmed 0.8 degrees Celsius above preindustrial times , and about 1.5 degrees of warming is already ""locked in"" to the atmospheric system because of how much carbon we've burned.

All of this data is a rough guide to help you vote. Each of the four topics you suggested for this poll is a worthy candidate. Our diets, our reliance on fossil fuel reserves, our willingness to turn precious forests into farms and our addiction to gas-burning cars and other dirty modes of transit -- all of these contribute to climate change. And each is worth exploring in depth.

I don't want to play the blame game forever. I agree with those of you who said we need to move past finger-pointing and toward solutions. I do think, however, that by exploring who and what's causing climate change, we'll have a better sense of how to solve this urgent problem.

So, please vote. Tell your friends. And thank you for helping decide where I'll focus my energy.",1
2758,Backstory: Behind the terror takedown,"When a U.S. special operations team suddenly surrounded the car carrying the Islamic State's second in command, he was given the split-second option of surrendering. Instead, he began firing.

Abd al-Rahman Mustafa al-Qaduli, also known as Abu Ala al-Afri and Haji Imam, died in a hail of bullets early Thursday morning on an isolated road in eastern Syria, a location described by U.S. military officials as being ""in the middle of nowhere.""

Defense Secretary Ash Carter told a press conference Friday he was ISIS' finance minister. But the terror leader also was considered the man most likely to take over for ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, if he were captured or killed.

Details of the takedown emerged Friday, including descriptions of the elite U.S. assault force arriving in helicopters as drones flew overhead, tracking him.

When al-Afri refused to surrender, he and all those with him were killed. If he had been captured, he would have been interrogated and then handed over to Iraqi authorities.

The U.S. team had been practicing the mission for weeks. ""It was a really good mission,"" one source familiar with the developments told Fox News. ""It was precision and went as planned.""

""We are systematically eliminating ISIL's cabinet,"" Carter said at the news conference.

“The removal of this ISIL leader will hamper the organization’s ability to conduct operations both inside and outside of Iraq and Syria.""

Carter described the target as responsible for funding ISIS operations and involved in some external affairs and plots.

He said this was the second senior leader successfully targeted this month, in addition to the group’s “minister of war” Omar al-Shishani, or “Omar the Chechen,” killed in a recent U.S. airstrike.

A U.S. official told Fox News that the Brussels terror attack earlier this week prompted the raid in Syria.

Al-Afri is a former physics professor from Iraq who originally joined Al Qaeda in 2004. After spending time in an Iraqi prison, he was released in 2012 and traveled to Syria to join up with what is now ISIS.

On May 14, 2014, the U.S. Department of the Treasury designated him as a “Specially Designated Global Terrorist” for his role with ISIS.

The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Joe Dunford, also said at the press conference that more U.S. troops might be headed to Iraq soon.

""The secretary and I both believe that there will be an increase to the U.S. forces in Iraq in the coming weeks,” Dunford said. “But that decision hasn't been made.""

He added that despite a number of high profile strikes against the terrorists, “by no means would I say that we're about to break the back of ISIL or that the fight is over.""

Fox News’ Lucas Tomlinson and Jennifer Griffin contributed to this report.",1
4228,All three Republican presidential candidates back away from pledge to support eventual nominee,"JANESVILLE, Wis. — None of the three remaining Republican presidential candidates would guarantee Tuesday night that they would support the eventual GOP nominee for president, departing from previous vows to do so and injecting new turmoil into an already tumultuous contest.

Mogul Donald Trump, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich were each given a chance during a CNN town hall in Milwaukee to definitively state they would support the nominee. All three declined to renew their pledge. As recently as March 3, in a Fox News debate, all three said they would support the nominee.

“No, I don’t anymore,” Trump told CNN’s Anderson Cooper, when asked if he remains committed to the Republican National Committee pledge he previously signed. Trump said that he would instead wait to see who emerges as the nominee before promising his support.

The GOP presidential candidates talked about the charges against Donald Trump's campaign manager, Muslims in the U.S. and more, and backed away from past pledges to support whomever becomes the nominee during the CNN town hall on March 29. (Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)

“I have been treated very unfairly,” Trump added.

Trump and his team have braced for the possibility of a contested convention in recent weeks, as opposing forces have set their sights on denying him the nomination by preventing him from crossing the necessary delegate threshold.

Trump said that he believes establishment Republicans and the RNC in particular have not treated him with respect.

“I’m the front-runner by a lot. I’m beating Ted Cruz by millions of votes,” he said. “This was not going to happen with the Republican Party. People who have never voted before, Democrats and independents are pouring in and voting for me.”

Cruz was asked three times by Cooper whether he would support the nominee. Each time, he declined to pledge to support the nominee no matter what.

""I'm not in the habit of supporting someone who attacks my wife and attacks my family,"" Cruz said, referring to Trump.

When Cooper followed up, Cruz replied: ""Let me tell you my solution to that: Donald is not going to be the GOP nominee.""

Cooper pressed him a third time. Cruz responded: ""I gave you my answer.""

Kasich said he would have to ""see what happens"" in the race before he could answer the question.

Trump pointed to strategic maneuvering in Louisiana that could result in Cruz capturing more delegates from the state despite the fact that Trump won the statewide vote.

“I call it bad politics. When somebody goes in and wins the election and goes in and gets less delegates than the guy that lost, I don’t think that’s right,"" he said.

On the question of supporting the ultimate party nominee, “I’ll see who it is,” Trump said. ""I’m not looking to hurt anybody. I love the Republican Party.""",1
362,"Defense Secretary Carter endorses 3-year timeline in Obama anti-ISIS plan, backs off criticism","Defense Secretary Ash Carter on Wednesday endorsed the three-year expiration date in President Obama's request to Congress to authorize military force against the Islamic State -- backing off his position from just last week.

The newly sworn-in Pentagon chief testified before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, in support of the president's new proposal for war powers to target ISIS militants.

He said it gives the military the necessary authority and flexibility to wage this campaign, and specifically addressed the three-year sunset.

""The president's proposed authorization affords the American people the chance to assess our progress in three years' time, and provides the next president and the next Congress the opportunity to reauthorize it, if they find it necessary,"" he testified. ""To me, this is a sensible and principled provision.""

But just last week at a similar House hearing, Carter said such a timeline would be ""political.""

He said the three-year sunset ""is not something that I would have deduced from the Department of Defense's necessities, the campaign's necessities, or our obligation to the troops.""

However, he said at the time that he understands why it was included. Carter said last week -- and reiterated on Wednesday -- that he still ""cannot assure"" that the fight against ISIS will be over in three years.

Congressional Republicans and other critics of the president's plan argue that an expiration date on such a military effort tells the enemy the U.S. military's plans. Republicans also have expressed unhappiness that Obama chose to exclude any long-term commitment of ground forces, while some Democrats voiced dismay that he had opened the door to any deployment whatsoever.

Carter and other top administration officials adamantly defended the terms of the request at Wednesday's hearing. Carter said the request does not include a long-term commitment of ground forces because ""our strategy does not call for them.""

He spoke alongside Secretary of State John Kerry and Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.

Committee Chairman Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., said he hopes the hearing would help start a process where both parties can reach agreement on a new authorization to fight ISIS militants, who have seized territory across Iraq and Syria. Obama sent his draft to Capitol Hill last month.

""As we have received that authorization for the use of military force, what we have come to understand is that -- and this is not a pejorative statement, it's an observation -- we don't know of a single Democrat in Congress, in the United States Senate, anyway, that supports that authorization for the use of military force,"" Corker said.

Obama's proposal would allow the use of military force against ISIS for three years, unbounded by national borders. The fight could be extended to any ""closely related successor entity"" to ISIS, which has overrun parts of Iraq and Syria.

The 2002 congressional authorization that preceded the American-led invasion of Iraq would be repealed under the White House proposal, a step some Republicans were unhappy to see. But a separate authorization approved by Congress after the Sept. 11, 2001, terror attacks would remain in force, to the consternation of some Democrats.

The struggle to define any role for American ground forces is likely to determine the outcome of the administration's request for legislation. The White House has said that the proposal was intentionally ambiguous on that point to give the president flexibility, although the approach also was an attempt to bridge a deep divide in Congress.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2557,Marco Rubio: Critics of Immigration Bill Were Right,"Florida Sen. Marco Rubio said Friday that he is indebted to America for welcoming his Cuban immigrant parents, while he continued to back away from his 2013 legislation that would have allowed illegal immigrants to become U.S. citizens.",1
4316,Bernie Sanders can’t win this way: Why his admirable debate performance still can’t unseat Hillary Clinton,"Anderson Cooper was, mostly, the model of a good debate moderator: focused on issues, well-prepared, quick to follow up, only occasionally lapsing into stupidity—as when he asked Bernie Sanders about his past as a conscientious objector, a topic relevant to exactly nobody—and generally keeping things moving.

Granted, Cooper had a vastly different situation to contend with than his predecessors who dealt with the Republicans. There were only five candidates onstage, and none of them were eager to go to war with each other. All that was left to do was talk about actual policy. In fact, the moment that drew the biggest round of applause from the Las Vegas audience was when Sanders growled that he was bored with all the mishegoss around Hillary Clinton’s emails. Refusing to attack Hillary? The crowd ate it up.

And what about Hillary? All eyes had been trained on her—would she crumble under the weight of the email scandal? Would she tremble as Bernie barked his applause lines? Of course not. The debate provided her with perhaps the most sustained platform she has had so far to show off her policy chops, remind everyone that she is a fearsomely polished debater and bask in the warmth of a crowd that was truly on her side. There was nothing especially new about anything she said—time and again, she took a more cautious, more hawkish approach to the issues thrown at her—but she made no major errors and even landed a few surprising and effective blows, as when she took Sanders to task for his record on gun control. Her biggest potential pitfalls—like her disastrous foreign policy record, her close ties to Wall Street and those nagging emails—were mopped up far more easily than they might have been. In one of her smarter lines, she defended her vote to invade Iraq by noting that President Obama had asked her to serve in his cabinet—an answer that managed to both shamelessly evade the question about her judgment and win over the debate audience all at the same time.

Sanders has been one of Clinton’s top headaches, but his resolute unwillingness to go after her too much meant that he didn’t pose a real challenge for her during the debate. Instead, he stuck to his core themes, belting his messages about inequality and bankers out like Ethel Merman trying to hit the back of the balcony. Bernie Sanders knows how to work a crowd of liberals, so this strategy worked. It’s tough to see how that will change the dynamic of the race, though. If Sanders is serious about winning the nomination, there’s only one way to do that, and that’s through Hillary Clinton. As she showed, she won’t be shy about taking him down if she has to. As for the other three people in the race… well, they were also present. Martin O’Malley made an intermittently energetic appeal to be the alternative Bernie Sanders. It was an appeal that mostly fell flat. Jim Webb spent the majority of his time either whining about how he wasn’t being allowed to speak more or giving what sure sounded like sentences but didn’t quite seem to end up as sentences. And Lincoln Chafee gave what is likely to go down in history as one of the worst debate answers of all time when he explained his vote for the repeal of the Glass-Steagall Act by saying that he had just gotten to the Senate, didn’t know what was going on, and, oh, his father had just died. Nice knowing ya, Linc! One last thing: CNN desperately needs to rethink how it uses its journalists in these debates. Dana Bash, Don Lemon and Juan Carlos Lopez were quite literally tokenized, pressed into service only when a topic relevant to their particular demographic came up. Under the circumstances, it would have been better not to have them there at all. Or maybe—gasp!—CNN could have someone who is not a white man lead a debate for once?",1
2880,Egypt bombs Islamic State targets in Libya after beheading video,"In retaliation for the gruesome killing of Egyptian Christians on a beach in Libya, Egypt sent its air force on the attack against Islamic State targets there Monday, in a move that threatened to ensnare Egypt in a regional conflict with the militants.

Egypt’s Foreign Ministry on Monday called on the U.S.-led coalition striking Islamic State targets in Syria and Iraq to broaden its scope to North Africa and take action against the extremist group in Libya. Italy said it would weigh a military intervention in its former colony across the Mediterranean to thwart the Islamic State.

Libya’s air force also said that it had launched raids against militants in eastern Libya in coordination with Egypt and that the strikes had killed more than 60 fighters. The chief of staff for Libya’s air force told Egyptian state television that the raids would continue Tuesday.

Egyptian fighter jets targeted Islamic State training camps and weapons stocks in Libya in a wave of dawn airstrikes, according to a statement from the Egyptian armed forces. Egypt’s military did not specify where its strikes took place.

“We must take revenge for the Egyptian blood that was shed,” said the statement from Egypt’s military, which was posted along with a video of a warplane taking off at night. Later, the army posted footage of four strikes it said were carried out on “Libyan soil.”

“Seeking retribution from murderers and criminals is our duty,” the army said. “Let those far and near know that Egyptians have a shield that protects them.”

The statement marked the first time Egypt has publicly acknowledged military involvement in Libya, which has been torn apart by political chaos since an uprising that ousted longtime dictator Moammar Gaddafi in 2011. In August, U.S. intelligence officials said Egypt was carrying out strikes against Islamist groups in Libya in joint operations with the United Arab Emirates. Egypt denied those claims, however.

Islamic State militants released a horrific video Sunday of the beheading of 21 Egyptian Christians who had been taken hostage in the Libyan city of Sirte in two separate incidents in December and January.

In the video, masked jihadists marched the Christians, who were from Egypt’s Coptic minority, onto a sandy beach and forced them to their knees before sawing off their heads.

The brutal killings were portrayed as retaliation against what the video referred to as “the hostile Egyptian church.” Captions refer to Kamilia Shehata, an Egyptian Coptic woman who in 2010 was rumored to have converted to Islam before police and the church clergy isolated her. The Coptic Church in Egypt said Sunday that it had identified the men in the video as the missing Egyptians.

The footage was the first propaganda video from the Libyan branch of the Islamic State, which in Iraq and Syria has declared a caliphate over a wide swath of territory under its rule.

At the Vatican, Pope Francis paid tribute to the victims.

“The blood of our Christian brothers is a testimony which cries out to be heard. It makes no difference whether they be Catholics, Orthodox, Copts or Protestants. They are Christians. Their blood is one and the same,” he said.

In Beirut, the leader of the Hezbollah movement, which has been fighting the Islamic State in Syria and now Iraq, condemned the beheadings.

At least three militant groups in Libya have pledged allegiance to the Islamic State, announcing “provinces” of the caliphate in the south, east and around the capital, Tripoli, in the west. Libya’s turmoil has allowed the extremists to make inroads into several cities.

A political crisis has split Libya’s leadership and the armed groups that proliferated after the uprising into two vying governments — one in Tripoli led by Islamists and another in Tobruk that is recognized by the international community.

In the fracturing of the country since the removal of Gaddafi, Egypt has backed more-secular forces aligned with former Libyan general Khalifa Hifter, who launched his own offensive against Islamist militants in the eastern city of Benghazi last spring. Egypt shares a porous 700-mile border with Libya.

In Rome, officials said Italy would weigh participating in a military intervention to keep forces from the Islamic State group from advancing in Libya should diplomatic efforts fail, the Associated Press reported.

Defense Minister Roberta Pinotti has said Rome could contribute 5,000 troops to lead such a military mission. But Prime Minister Matteo Renzi said Italy would defer for now to the U.N. Security Council.

Reports in Libyan media said Monday that air raids in the eastern city of Derna, a jihadist stronghold, had killed a number of people, but those reports could not be immediately verified.

Videos posted on social media purported to show destroyed buildings in Derna allegedly targeted in the strikes.

The Tripoli-based branch that claimed the beheadings also claimed responsibility for a deadly attack that killed 10 people, including one American, in a luxury hotel in the capital last month.

“The Egyptian people are shocked,” said Safwat al-Zayyat, a retired general in Egypt’s military. “But there is an attempt [by the jihadists] to drag Egypt” into war in Libya, he said.

“We must be cautious, as the Americans say, of putting boots on the ground.”

Liz Sly in Beirut contributed to this report.",1
517,"As deadlines come and go, Puerto Rico's debt crisis grows (+video)","Puerto Rico defaults on a $422-million debt payment Sunday, but Congress can't agree on a rescue plan with both Democratic and Republican lawmakers wary of any bailout bill.

A member of a labor union shouts slogans while holding a Puerto Rico flag during a protest in San Juan September 11, 2015. Thousands of public sector workers demonstrated on Friday against an austerity plan to help pull Puerto Rico out of a massive debt crisis, saying the private sector should take more of the pain. The island's government is calling for shared sacrifice, and concessions from citizens and investors alike, as it tries to lift itself out of a $72 billion debt hole.

Puerto Rico’s May 1 deadline on a $422-million debt payment has arrived, and US lawmakers are no closer to finding a solution for the island’s financial woes.

Most of Sunday’s payment is principal and interest due from the Government Development Bank, Puerto Rico’s main bond issuer and fiscal agent.

“That deadline is imminent, but Republicans in the House and Democrats in the administration are still haggling over the terms of a bill to rescue Puerto Rico,” writes The New York Times. “Missing the payment risks further destabilizing its shrunken economy. And there are concerns that the passage of any legislation could be delayed until the island nears the tipping point of its debt woes: a $2-billion debt payment due on July 1.”

Before Congress left Washington Friday for a weeklong recess, legislators were deadlocked over any plan that could be seen as similar to bailout bills of the 2008 financial crisis. Rep. Rob Bishop (R-Utah) is leading a draft of a tentative rescue plan in the House, but it has faced opposition from legislators in both parties who see the bill as nothing more than a bailout.

“For me, I think to any human being, ‘bailout’ means you’re going to get money to solve your problem,” said Representative Bishop. But the bill would “give Puerto Rico access to a court-enforced debt restructuring in exchange for the imposition of a federal fiscal oversight board,” so the island would get no direct money out of the deal. “So to say it’s a bailout, it’s obviously not just a stretch of the meaning of the word, there has to [be] an ulterior motive.”

Puerto Rico’s Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla is frustrated with Washington’s inaction because he has warned about a default on Sunday’s deadline for months. And while Washington may be at a standstill, the financial crisis has everyday implications for the 3.47 million people who call Puerto Rico home.

The island’s unemployment rate was 11.8 percent in March, more than twice  the overall US rate of five percent. Tens of thousands of government workers have been laid off since 2009 to cut costs and 10 percent of the island’s schools have been closed since 2014.

These personal hardships along with others have led to Puerto Rico’s largest mass exodus in the last 50 years. The island county has witnessed a 9 percent population decline in the 21st century, with almost seven percent occurring between 2010 and 2015.

“Population growth was once the norm in Puerto Rico,” explains Pew Research in a March study of population data from the US Census Bureau. “The island’s population grew by 10% from 1980 to 1990, and by 8% from 1990 to 2000. But as the effects of a decade-long economic recession have mounted, Puerto Ricans – who are US citizens at birth – have increasingly moved to the US mainland, with many settling in Florida.”

According to the Census Bureau data, economic opportunity is a primary driver for the mass outmigration: 40 percent of the island-born Puerto Ricans moving to the continental US say their main reason for moving was job-related, and another 39 percent cite ""family and household"" reasons.

But the continental US is not immune to Puerto Rico’s financial ills.

“A massive default from Puerto Rican bonds can create a financial contagion in the US municipal bond market,” Jose Caraballo-Cueto, Director of the Census Information Center at the University of Puerto Rico, writes for NBC News. And the new influx of Puerto Ricans to the continental US will further strain our country’s public services, adds Dr. Caraballo-Cueto, as the majority of islanders moving to the mainland are very poor. “Moreover, U.S. exports – especially agricultural products – to Puerto Rico will be reduced even further if the Great Depression of Puerto Rico deepens.”

And regardless of future side effects of the island’s bankruptcy on the overall US economy, the US government has “a shared responsibility” on Puerto Rico’s crisis, notes Caraballo-Cueto. Not only has the US banned Puerto Rico’s access to federal and local bankruptcy laws that could have restructured 70 percent of the country’s debt, but it has also upheld a marine law from 1920, the Jones Act, that cripples the country’s international trading by essentially only permitting US ships to enter or leave Puerto Rican ports as all other foreign vessels are subject to absurdly high customs and import fees.

“Most people think July 1 is atomic bomb day,” Sergio Marxuach, public policy director of the Center for a New Economy in Puerto Rico, tells The Washington Post. “ May 1 is still significant.”",1
4291,Trump says Cruz’s Canadian birth could be ‘very precarious’ for GOP,"Donald Trump said in an interview that rival Ted Cruz’s Canadian birthplace was a “very precarious” issue that could make the senator from Texas vulnerable if he became the Republican presidential nominee.

“Republicans are going to have to ask themselves the question: ‘Do we want a candidate who could be tied up in court for two years?’ That’d be a big problem,” Trump said when asked about the topic. “It’d be a very precarious one for Republicans because he’d be running and the courts may take a long time to make a decision. You don’t want to be running and have that kind of thing over your head.”

Trump added: “I’d hate to see something like that get in his way. But a lot of people are talking about it and I know that even some states are looking at it very strongly, the fact that he was born in Canada and he has had a double passport.”

Cruz responded to Trump’s comments on Twitter later Tuesday evening by referring to an iconic episode of the sitcom “Happy Days,” in which the character Fonzie jumps over a shark on water skis. The image has become a symbol of something shopworn and overdone.

Trump’s remarks — part of a backstage interview before a rally here Monday night — come as Cruz is rising as a serious threat in the presidential campaign, especially in Iowa, where some polls have shown Cruz eclipsing the billionaire mogul. The two have had a cordial and at times even friendly relationship over the past year, but they are competing intensely for the support of conservatives as the Feb. 1 Iowa caucuses draw near.

There have been recent signs of tension. At a rally last month in Iowa, Trump told voters of Cruz: “Just remember this — you’ve got to remember, in all fairness, to the best of my knowledge, not too many evangelicals come out of Cuba, okay? Just remember that . . . just remember.”

In the interview with The Washington Post, Trump said he was providing a candid assessment of his leading opponent rather than initiating a personal attack and reviving the “birther” debate that he once led against President Obama. He repeatedly said he is hearing chatter on the topic among voices on the right. “People are bringing it up,” he said.

Trump has veered from shrugging off the issue to raising more questions himself. In an interview with ABC News in September, Trump said he did not think Cruz’s birthplace was an issue. “I hear it was checked out by every attorney and every which way and I understand Ted is in fine shape,” he said.

But months earlier in Iowa, Trump told reporters that it could be a “difficult problem.”

“He’s a friend of mine. I have great respect for him. . . . certainly it’s a stumbling block, and he’s going to have to have it solved before he goes too far,” Trump said, according to the Dallas Morning News.

Speaking late Tuesday in Sioux Center, Iowa, Cruz laughed off questions about Trump’s comment, saying he would let his campaign’s “Happy Days” tweet speak for itself.

When pressed, Cruz turned it back to the media, saying the focus should be on substantive issues.

“And one of the things that the media loves to do is gaze at their navels for hours on end by a tweet from Donald Trump or from me or from anybody else. Who cares?” he said. When asked why he would tweet a video clip, he said: “Why do it? Because the best way to respond to this kind of attack is to laugh it off and move on to the issues that matter.”

Despite this, Cruz maintains he still likes Trump and doesn’t intend to throw insults.

The Constitution requires a president to be a “natural-born citizen.” Anyone born to a U.S. citizen is granted citizenship under U.S. law, regardless of where the birth takes place, as long as the citizen parent has resided in the United States or its territories for a certain period of time. At the time of Cruz’s birth, the required period was at least 10 years, including five years after the age of 14.

Cruz’s mother was a U.S. citizen when he was born in Calgary in 1970; his father was born in Cuba. Cruz has long said that because his mother is a citizen by birth, he is one as well and fits under the definition of a natural-born citizen. Since his election to the Senate, Cruz has released his birth certificate and renounced his Canadian citizenship.

Legal scholars agree that Cruz meets the Constitution’s natural-born citizenship requirement, though it is untested in the courts.

Several previous presidential candidates have run for office with similar backgrounds, such as Sen. John McCain (Ariz.), the 2008 Republican nominee, who was born in the Panama Canal Zone to U.S. citizens.

In the interview, Trump alluded to an ongoing lawsuit in Vermont, where a man is trying to keep three Republican presidential candidates, including Cruz, off the ballot. According to the Rutland Herald, the lawsuit names state officials as defendants.

Trump has long flirted with “birtherism,” questioning Obama’s love of country and legal claim to the presidency. He supported efforts to investigate Obama’s birth in Hawaii and often suggested that the president was born outside the country.

Trump’s crusade reached its zenith in 2011, when Obama felt obliged to publicly release his long-form birth certificate. The president then mocked Trump over the issue at the White House Correspondents’ Association dinner that year. Since then, Trump has quieted his speculation about Obama’s birth, while still declining to accept Obama’s legitimacy as president.

Katie Zezima in Sioux Center, Iowa, contributed to this report.",1
2942,Syria's Assad says he receives info about US-led coalition's anti-ISIS strikes,"Syrian President Bashar Assad says that his government has received information about airstrikes carried out by a U.S.-led coalition against the Islamic State terror group, but has denied any direct coordination between the parties.

Assad made the claims in an interview with the BBC that was broadcast Tuesday. He said that messages about the airstrikes were conveyed to Damascus by third parties, including the Iraqi government.

""Sometimes they convey [a] message, [a] general message, but there's nothing tactical,"" Assad said. ""There is no dialogue. There's, let's say, information, but not dialogue.""

Many members of the coalition, which includes four Arab countries, have urged Assad to relinquish his position since the beginning of Syria's bloody civil war in 2011. However, Syria's ruler has clung grimly to power despite heavy fighting that has caused the deaths of an estimated 200,000 people.

Now, coalition jets share the skies with Assad's own air force, which also targets the terror group, commonly known as ISIS. However, Assad told the BBC that he would not formally join the coalition, which includes Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Qatar, and the United Arab Emirates.

""No, definitely we cannot and we don't have the will and we don't want, for one simple reason -- because we cannot be in an alliance with countries which support terrorism,"" Assad said, in an apparent reference to the moderate Syrian rebels, which are supported by the United States. Assad also said that he would refuse to discuss action against ISIS with U.S. officials because, he said, ""they don't talk to anyone, unless he's a puppet.

""And they easily trample over international law, which is about our sovereignty now, so they don't talk to us, we don't talk to them.""

Assad also dismissed efforts to arm and train a force of moderate rebels to fight ISIS on the ground in Syria as a ""pipe dream.""

The Wall Street Journal reported last month that the program to arm and train Syrian rebels, run by the CIA, had been beset by issues, including weapons shipments that were between 5 and 20 percent of what was requested by rebel commanders.

Meanwhile, the United Arab Emirates launched airstrikes Tuesday against ISIS from an air base in Jordan, marking its return to combat operations against the militants after halting the strikes late last year.

The Gulf federation's official WAM news agency quoted the General Command of the UAE Armed Forces as saying that Emirati F-16s carried out a series of strikes Tuesday morning.

The fighters returned safely back to base after striking their targets, the statement said. It did not elaborate, nor did it say whether the strikes happened in Syria or Iraq. The militants hold roughly a third of each country in a self-declared caliphate.

American officials say the Emirates halted airstrikes in December after a Jordanian pilot, Lt. Muath al-Kaseasbeh, was captured when his plane crashed behind enemy lines. Al-Kaseasbeh was later burned alive by the militants.

The Emirates had not commented on the suspension, and Tuesday's statement was the first confirmation it had restarted combat operations.

There was also some good news from the region Monday, as coalition officials said that Kurdish Peshmerga fighters had seized three bridgeheads on the west bank of the Tigris River from ISIS fighters north of Mosul. The attack was supported by four coalition airstrikes that had provided close air support.

""This most recent Peshmerga operation is yet another example of how Daesh [the Arabic acronym for ISIS] can be defeated militarily using a combination of well-led and capable ground forces,” said Lt. Gen. James Terry, commander of the Combined Joint Task Force Operation Inherent Resolve.

However, a senior U.S. official told Fox News that any campaign to retake Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, from ISIS was not ""weeks away"", contradicting statements made over the weekend by Gen. John Allen, President Obama's special envoy to the anti-ISIS coalition.

""We don’t want this to be a fair fight, we need to build up the Iraq military first,"" the official said.

Elsewhere, Reuters reported, citing Syrian activist groups, that ISIS had withdrawn some of its fighters and equipment from areas around the northwestern Syrian city of Aleppo, a hotbed of anti-Assad feeling. The U.K.-Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said that ISIS had redeployed some of its forces to do battle against Kurdish fighters and mainstream rebels further east, but had not completely withdrawn from the area.

The Observatory estimates that approximately 70 ISIS fighters have been killed in an escalation of coalition airstrikes since the group released video last week of a Jordanian pilot being burned alive.",1
1431,Democratic town hall: Will Clinton pitch backfire? (Opinion),"Frida Ghitis is a world affairs columnist for The Miami Herald and World Politics Review, and a former CNN producer and correspondent. Follow her @FridaGhitis . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.

(CNN) Hillary Clinton roared to a clear victory in the Iowa town hall Monday night , coming across as energetic, articulate, knowledgeable and experienced. I never thought I'd find myself commenting on the clothing choices of female political candidates (men have almost no choices to make) but in this case, Clinton's red top underscored her fiery presentation. For once, the men may have wished they had worn red jackets!

There was, however, a downside for Clinton in her triumph -- the once seemingly inevitable Democratic nominee opted to tie herself ever more closely to President Barack Obama's foreign policy. Indeed, come the general election, Clinton's full-throated defense of the controversial Iran deal and other foreign policy choices will make it that much harder to distance herself from the broader historic catastrophe of the unraveling of the Middle East that has unfolded during Obama's watch.

Still, with a surging challenge from the left in the form of Sen. Bernie Sanders, Clinton may have felt she had no choice but to embrace Obama's legacy more closely in an effort to earn the vote of party activists and other committed Democrats. The polls show Democrats, by massive majorities , have backed Obama's performance throughout his presidency. To secure the nomination, then, Clinton may need to become Obama's candidate, even if in the fall campaign she faces a general public among which less than half the voters are satisfied with the current administration.

Fortunately for Clinton, the task of drumming up Democratic support by aligning herself with the President was made easier just hours before the town hall began when Obama gave an interview that sounded close to an endorsement, ""[The] one thing everybody understands is that this job right here, you don't have the luxury of just focusing on one thing,"" the President said, in what sounded like a dig at Sanders, who has made the fight against income inequality the focus of his campaign.

Sanders, of course, showed why he has excited so many voters. The event format was not designed to produce blockbuster ratings by creating clashes between the candidates. Instead, it looked like a series of job interviews for the presidency; a fitting format for Iowa's voters, who take their democratic responsibilities very seriously.

In Sanders they, and viewers at home, saw a man who displays a singular level of unrehearsed honesty and a clear commitment to fighting against a wrong that troubles him (as it undoubtedly does many Americans). As Sanders reminded everyone, in the aftermath of the multibillion dollar bank bailouts that followed the subprime lending and the widespread pain of the Great Recession, it is nothing short of infuriating that the people who created the mess received millions of dollars in bonuses. This even as life became harder for many Americans and as inequalities continued to grow.

Sanders declared ""we need a political revolution."" And, when asked to explain what it means to be a democratic socialist -- a label not normally embraced by voters in the world's most successful capitalist economy -- Sanders did a convincing job of explaining that democratic socialism means ""economic rights, the right to economic security, should exist in the United States of America,"" adding that ""it is immoral and wrong that the top one-tenth of 1% in this country own almost 90% -- almost-- own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90%.""

When questioned about his lack of foreign policy experienced compared with Clinton, Sanders pointed to his vote against the war in Iraq. On the question of how the next president could get anything done in the current climate of partisanship, Sanders said his track record in government proves he can get legislation approved. But it was difficult not to notice that Clinton offered a more extensive explanation about why her foreign policy expertise mattered, explaining how results comes down to relationships, and adding that she knows how to find common ground and build ties.

The time in the spotlight for the third Democrat in the race, former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, amounted to little more than a break between the two halves of the main event. O'Malley may be hoping that the complicated rules of the Iowa caucuses will produce a miracle for his campaign, but it was difficult to see what he offers that is more compelling than the two alternatives. He certainly tried to look the part, even taking off his jacket and rolling up his sleeves in a moment that seemed right out of an old ""West Wing"" episode -- clearly rehearsed and by now something of cliché.

Unfortunately for the governor, the more ""mature"" candidates offered plenty of dynamism of their own, even if it came packaged under more wrinkles.",1
2259,Opponents divided on how — or whether — to resist justices’ ruling,"When Friday began, there were 14 states where same-sex couples still could not legally marry. By the afternoon — after a confusing day of orders and counter-orders by governors, attorneys general and county clerks — couples had married in all of them but one.

The holdout was Louisiana. There, Attorney General James D. “Buddy” Caldwell (R) condemned the Supreme Court’s ruling, which legalized same-sex marriage nationwide, as “federal government intrusion into what should be a state issue.”

What’s more, Caldwell said, he had read the text of the decision. And he’d found no specific line saying that Louisiana had to obey it.

“Therefore, there is not yet a legal requirement for officials to issue marriage licenses or perform marriages for same-sex couples in Louisiana,” he said in a statement. Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal (R), who announced Wednesday that he is running for president, criticized the justices’ decision but said his state will comply with it once an appeals court officially gives the order.

Across the country, some conservatives called for “resistance” to the high court’s ruling, which they said tramples on the Bible and the Constitution’s protections of states’ rights.

[The GOP candidates are split into two fields over gay marriage]

In most places, that didn’t happen Friday. But in several states, conservative officials did try to delay or block the implementation of the decision.

In addition to Louisiana, there was Mississippi, which blocked almost all same-sex marriages, saying it needed a lower court’s permission to proceed. A few same-sex couples in Mississippi did get married in the window between the Supreme Court’s ruling and the state’s order to stop.

In Alabama, two officials announced another method of resistance: If they couldn’t stop same-sex marriage, they would stop marriage itself. They said they would no longer issue marriage licenses to anyone, gay or straight, ever again.

“I will not be doing any more ceremonies,” said Fred Hamic (R), the elected probate judge in rural Geneva County. The other was Wes Allen (R), the probate judge in Pike County. Both said that state law doesn’t require their counties to issue marriage licenses at all. If people want to wed, they can go to another county.

“If you read your Bible, sir, then you know the logic. The Bible says a man laying with a man or a woman laying with a woman is an abomination to God,” Hamic said. “I am not mixing religion with government, but that’s my feelings on it.”

And then there was Texas, where confusion reigned.

Before the Supreme Court’s ruling, state Attorney General Ken Paxton (R) had warned county clerks not to issue same-sex marriage licenses until he could give them orders.

Then the decision came.

He denounced the ruling in general terms but never told clerks how, or whether, to implement it. That left county officials on their own.

At the Williamson County clerk’s office in Georgetown, just north of Austin, officials said they were not issuing same-sex marriage licenses Friday, pending a review of the justices’ decision by county officials.

“We’re good lawyers, we have to read the whole thing and then issue guidelines,” said Brandon Dakroub, first assistant county attorney. The forms would have to be updated, for one thing: The old ones are meant for one man and one woman.

In the meantime, officials had posted a sign in the hallways, telling same-sex couples what to do if they couldn’t wait. “Bexar, Travis and Dallas [counties] are issuing if you cannot wait for our software changes,” the sign said.

That was true: Clerks in more liberal, urban Texas counties had begun issuing licenses anyway, without waiting for guidance from the state capital. But that wasn’t always easy. In Harris County, which includes Houston, the county attorney actually ordered the county clerk to begin issuing them. But the clerk refused.

“We were told if we use the wrong form it will be null and void,” a deputy clerk told the Houston Chronicle. Later in the afternoon, Harris County began issuing same-sex marriage licenses after all.

Adding to the confusion in Texas, Gov. Greg Abbott (R) issued a memo that required state agencies to respect the “sincere religious beliefs” of people who don’t agree with same-sex marriage. But his memo didn’t say anything about when or how same-sex couples could get married.

Texas state Rep. Cecil Bell Jr. (R) — a leading voice of resistance to same-sex marriage — said he hoped the state’s leaders would try to stop the implementation of the ruling.

Somebody would sue, he said.

But a lawsuit would take time. And, Bell said, time is their best hope now.

“Hopefully it takes long enough to where we have . . . a situation where the [Supreme] Court changes,” because a Republican president appoints new justices who see same-sex marriage differently, he said.

In the remaining states that had not permitted same-sex marriage — Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, Ohio, South Dakota and Tennessee — state officials said they will carry out the court’s ruling.

“Recognizing that there are strong feelings on both sides, it is important for everyone to respect the judicial process and the decision today from the U.S. Supreme Court,” Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder (R) said in a statement. The possibility of a backlash to Friday’s ruling was anticipated by Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. In a dissent, he said that same-sex marriage already had a lot of political momentum — but that the court’s decision could short-circuit that. “Stealing this issue from the people will for many cast a cloud over same-sex marriage,” he wrote.

[The Fix: The Supreme Court did Republicans a favor]

Some conservatives — mainly without political power themselves — said that the only correct response was to resist the decision.

“I will not acquiesce to an imperial court any more than our Founders acquiesced to an imperial British monarch,” said former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee (R), who is running for president. “We must resist and reject judicial tyranny, not retreat.”

Huckabee did not say what, exactly, he meant by “resist.” In Arkansas, at least one county began issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples on Friday.

In other cases, the call was for a kind of second-order resistance. Private citizens couldn’t stop the marriages, perhaps, but they could refuse to bake wedding cakes or provide services for receptions.

Or leaders of larger institutions could risk their bottom lines by refusing to treat same-sex unions like other marriages.

Rick Scarborough, the leader of a Texas-based group that gathered 55,000 signatures to “defend” marriage, said that, for instance, a Christian school could fire an employee for being married to another man.

“That’s what we mean by civilly disobeying. We’re not going to change our practice or our pattern to fit the whims of the Supreme Court,” he said. “If you sue us, we’ll face the lawsuits, and we’ll continue until bankruptcy . . . or jail time, if required.”

Scarborough is a minister, but he doesn’t have a church of his own to put on the line. Still, he’s encouraging others to do so, reminding them of a song about Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego — Old Testament figures who were cast into a furnace because they would not renounce God.

“The song we teach our kids is, ‘They wouldn’t bend, they wouldn’t bow, they wouldn’t burn,’ ” he said. In this fight, Scarborough said, Christians may not be that fortunate: “We are not going to bend, we are not going to bow. If necessary, we are going to burn.”

But Russell Moore, the president of the Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention, said the church should not seek legal confrontations — but rather should focus on a spiritual message, describing the value of heterosexual marriage.

“If the government were to force Christian churches . . . to perform same-sex marriages, then yes, we couldn’t do that,” Moore said in a conference call with reporters. “That does not mean, though, that . . . we can’t obey laws, including bad laws, that we don’t agree with.”

Bishop Joe S. Vasquez of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Austin, the largest diocese in Texas, counseled a similar message.

“This causes confusion among those who are faithful to the Gospel and erodes rights of persons in each state,” he said, adding that “Jesus taught that, from the beginning, marriage is the lifelong union of one man and one woman.”

“Regardless of the court’s decision,” he said, “the nature of the human person and marriage remains unchanged and unchangeable.”",1
4091,Planned Parenthood fallout: Why it's unfair to blame abortion opponents,"Some of the rhetoric on the left about the awful shootings at the Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado is troubling.

 

 Some of the rhetoric on the right after such cases has also been troubling.

 

 I say this to pundits and politicians after each tragedy: Don’t demonize the other side because some crazy guy goes on a shooting spree. But it’s a temptation that many are unable to resist.

 

 Words matter, of course, and rhetoric can be incendiary. But it’s still unfair to draw a link between media and political debate and some violent sociopath who doesn’t value human life.

 

 Inevitably, we’re left with a wave of finger-pointing over which party is “politicizing” the situation, which unfortunately diverts attention from the victims.

 

 It didn’t take long after Friday’s shooting in Colorado Springs, which killed three people, including a police officer, and wounded nine others. Democrats rushed to put out statements, and Republican presidential candidates were mostly silent.

 

 Hillary Clinton, after a supportive “we #StandWithPP” tweet, said: “We should be supporting Planned Parenthood, not attacking it…And it is way past time to protect women’s health and respect women’s rights, not use them as political footballs.”

 

 President Obama, as he has after other mass shootings, turned to gun control, saying that if we truly care about this, “we have to do something about the easy accessibility of weapons of war on our streets to people who have no business wielding them. Period. Enough is enough.”

 

 Both statements could be called “political,” but were relatively restrained in tone.

 

 I get that the GOP candidates are staunchly opposed to abortion and have been sharply critical of Planned Parenthood, especially after the deeply disturbing videos in which staffers spoke cavalierly about the harvesting of fetal organs (which prompted an apology from the group’s president and a change in its practice).

 

 But three people--including an Iraq war veteran, a mother of two--are dead because they were at a clinic that provides a legal service.

 

 Ted Cruz, Jeb Bush and John Kasich put out statements of sympathy for the victims in the 36 hours after the attack. Would the others have acted differently if the police officer had been murdered at a Starbucks instead?

 

 Still, Planned Parenthood’s executive vice president, Dawn Laguens, ratcheted things up significantly by declaring “it is offensive and outrageous that some politicians are now claiming this tragedy has nothing to do with the toxic environment they helped create. Even when the gunman was still inside of our health center, politicians who have long opposed safe and legal abortion were on television pushing their campaign to defund Planned Parenthood.”

 

 Vicki Saporta, president of the National Abortion Federation, said those opposed to abortion ""have ignited a firestorm of hate"" and ""knew there could be these types of consequences."" So the murders are ""not a huge surprise,"" she told the Washington Post.

 

 Sorry, but linking the actions of a mentally disturbed gunman to the “toxic environment” that Republicans “helped create” is the old blood-on-the-hands argument. So is ""firestorm of hate"" language. Opponents of abortion and critics of Planned Parenthood are in no way responsible for this terrible crime.

 

 On “Fox News Sunday,” Carly Fiorina reiterated her opposition to Planned Parenthood and said while the attack was ""obviously a tragedy,"" “anyone who tries to link this terrible tragedy to anyone that oppose abortion or opposes the sale of body parts” is engaging in “typical left-wing tactics.”

 

 Mike Huckabee, on CNN, called the attack “domestic terrorism” that is “absolutely abominable, especially to those of us in the pro-life movement because there’s nothing about any of us that would condone or any way look the other way at something like this.” He then likened the murders to what goes on inside Planned Parenthood clinics, “where many millions of babies die.”

 

 Cruz denounced ""some vicious rhetoric on the left blaming those who are pro-life…The media promptly wants to blame him on the pro-life movement when at this point there’s very little evidence to indicate that.""

 

 But sometimes the guilt-by-association allegations fly the other way.

 

 When two Ferguson police officers were shot in March, Front Page magazine ran this headline: “Obama and the Media Have the Blood of Cops on Their Hands.”

 

 When a sheriff’s deputy was killed in Houston in August, Cruz said: “Cops across this country are feeling the assault. They're feeling the assault from the president, from the top on down, as we see — whether it’s in Ferguson or Baltimore, the response from senior officials, the president or the attorney general, is to vilify law enforcement.”

 

 I understand that passions run high in these life and death cases. But partisan blame-shifting doesn’t help the situation and simply becomes one more political brawl in the wake of senseless violence.

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
1278,GOP 2016: Is it time for Jeb Bush to pack up his attack ads and go home?,"We are just one week away from the Iowa Caucuses. The presumed front runner last year at this time? Jeb Bush. Or rather “Jeb!” as his campaign has dubbed him, hoping to add a little excitement to the mix (and possibly to underplay his famous last name.)

But after one year of failing to rev up voter enthusiasm, is it time for Jeb to pack up his attack ads and go home?

Not only are his poll numbers far from where his supporters thought they would be by now, Jeb is also acting as spoiler, destroying the candidate most likely to beat Hillary Clinton. In doing so, it appears his nasty campaign against Marco Rubio has wrecked his own chances. In clobbering his popular rival and one-time mentee, Bush has shown himself either incapable of bucking the operatives running his Super PAC, or full of baloney.

After eight years of Barack Obama, the last thing this country needs is another weak-kneed leader. Or a hypocrite.

For months, Jeb Bush publicly agonized over whether he should run for president.  Bush worried that he would be forced into the political gutter, claiming that he would only run if his campaign could focus “on the issues.” He was eager to lay out his prescriptions for solving the country’s ills, to push education and tax reform, for instance, but not keen to engage in a cage match with the other contestants.  He wanted to run “joyfully” because he thought the country needed a candidate who would “lift the country’s spirits.”

The head of Bush’s Super PAC apparently sees the campaign differently. Since Right to Rise (R2R) has raised ten times the money brought in by the campaign, it’s easy to imagine who’s calling the shots. Mike Murphy, according to some, is on a personal vendetta against Marco Rubio, whom Bush loyalists consider disloyal for having entered the race. As a result, R2R has spent an astonishing $20 million on ads attacking the Florida Senator – about one third of the Super PAC’s ad spending to date, and more than the group has spent undermining any other candidate.

Some of the ads target Rubio’s attendance record in the Senate, and his numerous missed votes. Some paint him a flip-flopper, changing positions with the shifting political winds. And then there was a cheesy ad mocking Rubio’s boots, of all things, which surely was another rung down into the gutter. (In fairness, the New York Times ran no less than four pieces on Rubio’s boots.)

That poke was, as Rob Garver described it in The Fiscal Times, supposed to be funny but instead came across as “awkward and uncomfortable, like a Dad joke told in a car full of teenagers.”

Has the assault on Rubio helped Bush? Certainly not in Iowa, where R2R has spent $8.5 million blasting Rubio. In that state, Bush is languishing in fifth place with only 3 percent of the vote, compared to 14 percent going to Rubio and 37 percent to Trump. In more moderate New Hampshire, a state where the Bush-Rubio rivalry is critical to both campaigns, the Bush Super PAC has spent $7.5 million attacking Rubio.

The gap between Bush and Rubio has narrowed, but most polls show Marco leading by a few points. The ads appear to have hurt Rubio, who was comfortably in second place in early January, with 14 percent of the vote. But, they haven’t helped Bush, who has been stuck since the beginning of the year at 8 percent.

Perhaps more important, the attack ads haven’t helped Bush nationally. Back in September the former Florida governor claimed an almost 10 percent support amongst GOP primary voters; now he’s under 5 percent. In terms of how voters see Bush, the news is not good. Some 54 percent have an unfavorable view of Jeb compared to 32 percent who see him more kindly.

The gap has widened in recent months. Ditto for Marco Rubio, who during most of the past year had a net favorable rating; he is now upside down, with the unfavorable/favorable ratio at 41/36.

Jeb Bush has disappointed followers who expected him to run as he had promised, on solving the nation’s issues. As a successful governor of a successful state, Bush brings gravitas and stature to the race. He has also disappointed those who expected Bush’s ability to raise huge early money to put him and keep him out front; Donald Trump upended those expectations, and every other aspect of the race.

Jeb has also disappointed those who expected him to be a better campaigner. After all, he has run for office successfully in the past; people wonder now, how did he win?

The most likely answer is that he won by being himself, not the puppet of his Super PAC. Though there is supposed to be clear distance between the campaign and R2R, Murphy’s influence is undoubted. Murphy and Bush have worked together on campaigns since 1997; Murphy claimed in a Bloomberg interview, “I understand what Jeb wants, I understand what kind of campaign he wants…”  So, was Bush’s promise of a “joyous” campaign utter bunk, or has he been hijacked by his operatives?

The most cringe-worthy moment of Jeb’s campaign came during the CNBC debate, when he challenged Rubio over missed votes. The moderator had already raised the issue and Rubio had successfully parried it, making Bush’s attack superfluous and awkward. Jeb had clearly been instructed to go after Rubio, and he did as he was told.

That was not Bush’s only awkward campaign moment. Like Hillary Clinton chastising the banks that pay her so well, the more inauthentic Jeb becomes, the more likely he is to flop.  Perhaps that’s why he can barely deliver a sentence that doesn’t include a verbal hitch. In his head, he is thinking one thing, but his directors have him saying another.

Jeb could come back, but to do so he has to campaign as himself – showing voters the serious but also personable candidate they see in small gatherings.

Take back control of the campaign, ditch the nastiness, and he might have a shot.

The sooner the better.

Liz Peek is a writer who contributes frequently to FoxNews.com. She is a financial columnist who also writes for The Fiscal Times. For more visit LizPeek.com. Follow her on Twitter@LizPeek.",1
1631,Democratic debate: 's Reality Check team inspects the claims,"Washington The Democratic candidates for president gathered in Des Moines, Iowa, for their second debate Saturday, and CNN's Reality Check team spent the night putting their statements and assertions to the test.

The team of reporters, researchers and editors across CNN selected key statements and rated them: True; Mostly True; True, but Misleading; False; or It's Complicated.

Previous CNN Reality Check coverage of the Democratic and Republican candidates can be found here . This story will be updated throughout the night.

Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton threw her support behind a $12 hourly minimum wage at Saturday's debate. That's lower than the $15 an hour minimum backed by Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders and former Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley, as well many progressive activists nationwide.

Clinton defended her stance, saying: ""If you go to $12, it would be the highest historical average we've ever had."" That's the ""smartest"" way to move forward, she added.

Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders said, ""When you talk about the long-term consequences of war, let's talk about the men and women who came home from war, the 500,000 who came home with PTSD and traumatic brain injury.""

Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders said, ""The Muslim nations in the region -- Saudi Arabia, Iran, Turkey, Jordan -- all of these nations, they're going to have to get their hands dirty, their boots on the ground. They are going to have to take on ISIS. ... Those Muslim countries are going to have to lead the effort. They are not doing it now.""

Launched in September 2014, the U.S.-led coalition fighting ISIS consists of more than 60 coalition partners, including more than a dozen Muslim-majority countries. All of the countries Sanders mentioned are part of that coalition -- with the exception of Iran, which has been countering ISIS in separate initiatives that include training, advising, and supporting Iraqi and Syrian forces fighting ISIS.

The actual contributions of each member of the U.S.-led coalition vary widely. As of October 2014, Saudi Arabia's contribution consisted of warplanes and training for Syrian rebels fighting ISIS. They also donated $500 million to UN humanitarian efforts in Iraq. Turkey has allowed foreign troops to launch attacks against ISIS from within its borders, and in July, began launching its own airstrikes against ISIS in Syria. Jordan launched airstrikes against ISIS early in the campaign, but later suspended its participation when one of its aircraft went down in Syria and one of its pilots was taken hostage. Jordanian strikes resumed after ISIS announced it had killed the Jordanian pilot.

Few of the coalition's members have contributed active ground troops. In 2014, Egypt sent forces to Libya to bomb ISIS positions there. In late October, the United States authorized the deployment of about 50 special operations forces to northern Syria to fight ISIS. The Obama administration is also considering a special forces task force to fight ISIS in Iraq.

In June of 2014, Iraqi officials said that Iran had sent about 500 Revolutionary Guard troops to fight alongside Iraqi troops against ISIS. The Iranian Foreign Ministry denied this, but Iran's president said Iran was prepared to help advise Iraq if asked.

Sanders is correct that, at present, the primary coalition fighting ISIS is led by the United States. But several of the Muslim countries in the coalition have lost soldiers and civilians in the battle against ISIS.

Former Gov. Martin O'Malley said, ""The truth of the matter is net immigration from Mexico last year was zero."" He then challenged viewers to fact-check him, and we couldn't resist.

Additionally, the actual number of Mexicans living in the United States consistently declined throughout 2014. The U.S. Border Patrol also reported that in the 2014 fiscal year, the number of Mexicans apprehended along the border decreased 14% when compared to the 2013 fiscal year.

The information we have suggests that the net immigration rate is negative -- which is actually not zero -- but it is close, and probably still supports O'Malley's point.

Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley often goes back to his record as governor to explain how he would best shepherd the nation's economy in the White House. But he went a step further than he typically does during Saturday night's debate and took credit for Maryland's high median incomes.

O'Malley was answering a question of how precisely he would freeze college tuition around the nation and whether his blueprint from Maryland would work across the U.S.

""The blueprint in Maryland that we followed is we raised the sales tax by a penny and made our public schools the best public schools in America for five years in a row with that investment. And yes, we did ask everyone -- the top 14% of earners in our state -- to pay more in their income tax and we were the only state to go four years in a row without a penny's increase to college tuitions,"" O'Malley said.

The answer, nationwide, is paying for priorities by taxing capital gains income like normal income, he said.

""I believe capital gains, for the most part, should be taxed the same way we tax income from hard work, sweat and toil,"" O'Malley said. ""And if we do those things, we can be a country that actually can afford debt-free college again.""

But in the exchange he also took credit for the state's median income level -- long the highest in the nation.

""So while other candidates will talk about the things they would like to do, I actually got these things they would like to do. I actually got these things done in a state that defended not only a AAA bond rating, but the highest median income in America,"" O'Malley said.

There's no question that Marylanders have done, on average, much better than those in other states since the recession. It's actually had the highest median income every year since 2006, when the median income was $65,144, to last year, when it was $73,971.

In his answer, O'Malley did not explain how his economic plan kept high-wage jobs in Maryland.

But President Barack Obama and former President George W. Bush may be better able to make that claim because of the large share of federal employees in Maryland. A ""Governing"" magazine analysis of federal employment statistics from 2013 determined that Maryland had the largest share of federal workers for the total workforce of any state, something that the governor has nothing to do with.

Maryland had 145,300 people working for the government, equal to 5.5% of the state's total non-farm employment. Virginia had more federal employees -- 172,500 -- but they only accounted for 4.6% of the total state employment.

And a Washington Post review of federal salaries found that federal workers do quite well compared to many other industries -- earning an average salary of $78,500 as of 2012.",1
4539,Interior: No more new Arctic oil leases for remainder of Obama's presidency,"WASHINGTON — The Obama administration is canceling its plans to sell oil drilling rights in the Arctic Sea through 2017, a remarkable turnaround since expanding drilling by approving new drilling permits for Shell Oil earlier this year.

But Royal Dutch Shell's decision last month to suspend its oil exploration in offshore Alaskan waters — citing disappointing results from a well in the Chukchi Sea — prompted the Interior Department to cancel further oil leases.

“In light of Shell’s announcement, the amount of acreage already under lease and current market conditions, it does not make sense to prepare for lease sales in the Arctic in the next year and a half,” said Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell.

The Obama administration came under fire from environmental groups after approving permits for Shell to drill even as President Obama was embarking on a three-day trip to Alaska to highlight the effects of climate change in the Arctic. Those same groups applauded Friday's move, with the Natural Resources Defense Council calling it ""an essential reprieve"" for Arctic Waters.

""The next step should be to take Arctic and Atlantic waters off the table to oil and gas drilling for good,"" said NRDC's Franz Matzner.

Also Friday, the department also denied requests by Shell and the Norwegian company Statoil to extend existing years beyond 10 years. Both companies had asked for five-year extensions, arguing that they should have more time because regulations had prevented them from exploring for oil. Without those extensions, the leases will expire by 2020.

Sen. Lisa Murkowski, R-Alaska, said the decision was ""absurd."" The Interior Department is throwing up regulatory roadblocks to prevent drilling, she said — and then using the lack of drilling to justify canceling the lease sales.

“This is a stunning, short-sighted move that betrays the Interior Department’s commitments to Alaska and the best interests of our nation’s long-term energy security,"" said Murkowski, who chairs the Senate Energy Committee. ""Today’s decision is the latest in a destructive pattern of hostility toward energy production in our state that began the first day this administration took office, and continued ever since.""",1
3652,"FBI: Orlando suspect U.S. citizen, vowed allegiance to Islamic State","PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. — Investigators were reviewing a range of possible terror and hate-crime links to a gunman who professed his allegiance to the Islamic State from the scene of a horrific mass shooting at a crowded Orlando nightclub early Sunday that left at least 50 dead and 53 others wounded, the FBI said.

Omar Mateen, 29, of Fort Pierce, Fla., acknowledged his support for the terror group during a 911 call to local law enforcement from the nightclub, Orlando FBI chief Ron Hopper said.

During the call, placed in the pre-dawn hours after the first round of shots were fired, Mateen also made reference to the deadly 2013 Boston Marathon bombings, said a separate federal law enforcement official who was not authorized to comment publicly.

The disclosure closely tracked an account provided earlier Sunday by California Rep. Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee. Schiff said that a Department of Homeland Security briefing indicated that Mateen had made the radical proclamation before he died in a shootout with authorities.

“Whether this attack also was ISIS-directed remains to be determined,’’ Schiff said in a statement.

Hopper also confirmed Sunday that Mateen had been interviewed by federal authorities three times in connection with two investigations during the past three years. In the most recent case, the FBI reviewed Mateen's alleged contacts in 2014 with Moner Mohammad Abu-Salha, an American suicide bomber from Florida who died in Syria the same year.

Hopper said the case was closed when investigators determined that Mateen's contacts were ""minimal.'' A federal law enforcement official later said a review of the Abu-Salha case found no direct contact between Mateen and the bomber. The two attended the same mosque, the official said.

In a 2013 investigation, investigators interviewed Mateen twice about ""inflammatory comments'' the gunman made to a co-worker about possible ties to international terrorism. That case also was closed when authorities were unable to ""verify'' the comments.

In both cases, the federal law enforcement source said, Mateen agreed to be interviewed and cooperated with investigators.

Mateen was not under investigation at the time of the shooting, a status that allowed for his purchase of a handgun and an AR-15 rifle which were used in the assault. A Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco Firearms and Explosives trace found that the firearms were purchased ""legally'' in Florida within the ""last few days.''

Investigators, meanwhile, were interviewing members of Mateen’s family Sunday in an attempt to learn what may have prompted the assault, two federal law enforcement officials said.

NBC News reported that the attacker’s father indicated that Mateen recently expressed anti-gay sentiments, but one of the officials said investigators were still reviewing a wide range of possible motivations.

The official also said investigators were reviewing Mateen’s recent travels and contacts to learn more about possible preparations for the attack, now the largest mass shooting in U.S. history.

According to Florida court records, Mateen was married in 2009 and divorced two years later.

Mateen married Sitora Yusufiy on April 16, 2009. The marriage license was issued in St. Lucie County, Fla., records show. A dissolution of marriage was filed in July 2011.

Yusufiy could not be immediately reached. But in an interview with The Washington Post, the ex-wife claimed she was beaten repeatedly.

A former Fort Pierce police officer who once worked with Mateen as a security guard at PGA Village in Port St. Lucie, Fla., said Mateen was ""unhinged and unstable.""

Daniel Gilroy said he worked the 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. shift with G4S Security at the south gate of the community for several months in 2014 and 2015. Mateen took over from him for a later shift.

Gilroy said Mateen frequently made homophobic and racial comments. Gilroy said he complained to his employer several times and quit after he said Mateen began stalking him with up to 20 or 30 texts per day. He also left Gilroy 13 to 15 phone messages a day, the former officer said.

""I quit because everything he said was toxic,"" Gilroy said Sunday, ""and the company wouldn't do anything. This guy was unhinged and unstable. He talked of killing people.""

John Kenning, a regional G4S chief executive, confirmed that Mateen had been employed there since September 2007.

""We are shocked and saddened by the tragic event that occurred at the Orlando nightclub,'' Kenning said in a written statement. ""We are cooperating fully with all law enforcement authorities, including the FBI, as they conduct their investigation. Our thoughts and prayers are with all of the friends, families and people affected by this unspeakable tragedy.''

Two of Mateen's prior acquaintances described the gunman's actions as completely out of character for the person they knew.

""He would never shoot anybody or kill anybody,'' Lamont Owens said, adding that he had not seen Mateen for a ""few'' years.

Another associate, Ryan Jones, described Mateen as ""normal,'' though he also acknowledged not having contact with Mateen for several years.

""He was a cool, calm and collected person,'' Jones said.

Born in New York, Mateen lived in a Fort Pierce apartment complex that was teeming with law enforcement officials Sunday. He also used a mailing address at his parents' nearby Port St. Lucie, Fla., address.

Mateen received an associates of science degree in criminal justice technology in 2006 from Indian River State College, according to college spokeswoman Michelle Abaldo.

Contributing: Anthony Westbury and Nicole Rodriguez in Port St. Lucie; Johnson reported from Washington.",1
1107,GOP candidates set aside insults,"There was an unfamiliar buzz on the debate stage here Thursday night: the sound of Republican presidential candidates engaging in a sober discussion of policy, rather than savaging each other.

Their 12th debate took a markedly different tone as Donald Trump’s remaining three rivals prepare for a crucial round of primaries next week that could represent their last chance of stopping him on his march to the GOP nomination.

While there were sharp exchanges, they were over Social Security, visa programs for foreign workers, how to fix the veterans’ health-care system, policy toward Cuba and the merits of free trade deals. No one mentioned “Little Marco,” “Lyin’ Ted” or the size of anyone’s hands.

“We’re all in this together,” Trump said. “We’re going to come up with solutions. We’re going to find the answers to things.

“And, so far, I cannot believe how civil it’s been up here,” the celebrity billionaire marveled.

That was because each of them has something to prove and little time to do it.

Trump sought to project a command of issues and a temperament that is suited to the Oval Office, rather than a reality show.

Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida was attempting to repair the damage that he has done to his reputation, and his presidential prospects, by baiting Trump with schoolyard taunts.

Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas portrayed himself as an outsider, like Trump — but one with greater intellectual depth.

And Gov. John Kasich of Ohio emphasized his blue-collar roots and his governing experience — the latter commodity being one that thus far has not found a market in this year’s discontented electorate.

Trump’s opponents drew pointed yet substantive contrasts with the front-runner over his view that many Muslims around the world “hate” the United States. Cruz, Rubio and Kasich argued that Trump’s rhetoric unnecessarily and dangerously alienates many peaceful followers of Islam, the world’s second-largest religion.

“I know that a lot of people find appealing the things that Donald says because he says what people wish they could say,” Rubio said. “The problem is presidents can’t just say whatever they want. They have consequences, here and around the world.”

Trump countered that Rubio and other politicians espouse a political correctness and diplomatic tone that endangers Americans.

“Marco talks about consequences,” Trump said. “Well, we’ve had a lot of consequences, including airplanes flying into the World Trade Center, the Pentagon and could have been the White House. . . . You can be politically correct if you want. I don’t want to be politically correct. I want to solve problems. And we have a problem of hate.”

Rubio shot back: “I’m not interested in being politically correct. I’m interested in being correct.”

Kasich said radical Islam is the greatest threat to the United States.

“They want to destroy everything we’re about,” Kasich said. But he also noted that cultivating alliances of shared trust with such Muslim countries as Saudi Arabia and Jordan is critical to the U.S. mission of defeating Islamic State terrorists.

Cruz agreed. “The answer is not simply to yell, ‘China bad, Muslims bad.’ You’ve got to understand the nature of the threats we’re facing and how you deal with them.”

A clear difference emerged on Social Security, with Trump vowing not to tinker with the popular federal retirement program and other candidates arguing that the system requires a sweeping overhaul, including pushing back the retirement age, to avert a future debt crisis.

“I will do everything within my power not to touch Social Security — to leave it the way it is, to make this country rich again, to bring back our jobs, to get rid of deficits, to get rid of waste, fraud and abuse, which is rampant in this country,” Trump said.

Rubio said Trump’s promise is unrealistic. “The numbers don’t add up,” the senator said, a line he repeated again and again.

“The bottom line is we can’t just continue to tiptoe around this and throw out things like, ‘I’m going to get at fraud and abuse,’ ” Rubio said. “You still have hundreds of billions of dollars of deficit that you’re going to have to make up. And here’s the thing: If we do not do it, we will have a debt crisis.”

Cruz sounded a similar call. “Social Security right now is careening towards insolvency, and it’s irresponsible. And any politician that doesn’t step forward and address it is not being a real leader.”

Trump was challenged on the fact that even as he has railed against the effects of international trade and immigration, he has profited from hiring foreign workers and manufacturing clothing in China and Mexico.

“I’m a businessman. These are laws. These are regulations. These are rules. We’re allowed to do it,” Trump said. “So I will take advantage of it; they’re the laws. But I’m the one that knows how to change it. Nobody else on this dais knows how to change it like I do, believe me.”

Cruz and Rubio, meanwhile, stressed the importance of distinguishing between trade deals that help the economy and U.S. workers and those that do not.

“We’re getting killed in international trade right now,” Cruz said. “And we’re getting killed because we have an administration that doesn’t look out for American workers and jobs are going overseas. We’re driving jobs overseas.”

Trump so far has won GOP contests in 15 states. He has accumulated about 458 Republican delegates, which is 99 more than his closest rival, Cruz. To win the nomination, a candidate needs 1,237 delegates.

Some GOP leaders, including 2012 presidential nominee Mitt Romney, are vowing never to vote for the man who appears increasingly likely to be their party’s standard-bearer in November. There is also more talk of a contested party convention in July, in which GOP leaders might engineer a way of awarding the nomination to someone else.

The billionaire mogul used his opening statement to send a message to those who would stand in his way: Join the movement.

“One of the biggest political events anywhere in the world is happening right now with the Republican Party,” Trump said. “Millions and millions of people are going out to the polls and they’re voting. They’re voting out of enthusiasm. They’re voting out of love. . . . Frankly, the Republican establishment, or whatever you want to call it, should embrace what’s happening.”

Trump also took a more statesmanlike tone when he was asked about violence at his rallies, which has included protesters being roughed up.

“I certainly do not condone that at all,” he said.

“There is some anger,” Trump said of the supporters who show up to cheer him. “There’s also great love for the country. It’s a beautiful thing.”

Kasich, however, suggested that the tone of Trump’s rallies speaks to a larger problem. “I worry about the violence at a rally, period,” the Ohio governor said. “The unity of this country really matters.”

The race will reach what could be an inflection point next week, with primaries in five states, including closely watched Florida and Ohio.

They are must-win for home-state candidates Rubio and Kasich. And for the first time, delegates will be awarded on a winner-take-all basis, which means that if his rivals cannot curb Trump’s momentum, he will accelerate on his path to the nomination.

Thursday’s debate at the University of Miami, sponsored by CNN, The Washington Times and Salem Radio Network, was the last time they would all be on the same stage before the next round of primaries.

A field that numbered nearly 20 candidates in their first face-off in August — so many that the debate had to be split into a main event and an undercard — has shrunk to four.

Trump has led nearly without interruption since then, and he has set the pace and tone, to the dismay of an increasingly impotent Republican establishment.

Rubio tried to put the brakes on Trump, and to get under his skin, by adopting the billionaire’s own tactics. Starting at a debate in Houston on Feb. 25, he unleashed a barrage of personal insults. At one point, he made a joke about the size of Trump’s hands that also suggested his genitalia are small.

But it backfired, as Rubio lost 18 of the next 20 contests.

“At the end of the day, it’s not something I’m entirely proud of,” Rubio acknowledged Wednesday. “My kids were embarrassed by it, and if I had to do it again, I wouldn’t.”

On Thursday night, the adults took a lesson from the kids.

David A. Fahrenthold in Washington contributed to this report.",1
2869,"Bush weighs in on Obama's Iran, ISIS challenges","Former President George W. Bush weighed in on his successor's foreign policy challenges in a closed-door meeting over the meeting, voicing concerns about Iran's trustworthiness as Washington and Tehran resume nuclear talks.

Secretary of State John Kerry was meeting Monday with his Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif in New York. The U.S. and five world powers are trying to finalize a nuclear deal with Iran by the end of June.

But Bush, who rarely comments on the Obama administration's efforts in public, offered a word of caution about the negotiators on the other side of the table, during a closed-door meeting of the Republican Jewish Coalition on Saturday in Las Vegas.

According to a report in Bloomberg View, Bush warned that new Iranian President Hassan Rouhani appears ""smooth,"" but said: ""You've got to ask yourself, is there a new policy or did they just change the spokesman?""

Just how tough Bush was on the sitting commander-in-chief, though, is a matter of dispute.

The Bloomberg report said Bush was highly critical of President Obama's efforts on Iran and the Islamic State

But another attendee, Eric Golub, told FoxNews.com this characterization was ""totally wrong.""

""[Bush] went out of his way not to criticize President Obama,"" Golub said.

The meeting was off-the-record, but Golub -- a conservative comedian who describes himself as a ""passionate Jewish Republican"" -- said he's speaking out to correct the record.

Golub confirmed Bush's comments on Rouhani, but said the ex-president was criticizing Iran, not Obama, in sounding a cautious tone about the course of talks.

At the heart of the pending Iran deal is a commitment by Iran to roll back its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. While Obama says those sanctions could snap back if needed, Bush apparently cast doubt on that claim.

""You think the Middle East is chaotic now? Imagine what it looks like for our grandchildren. That's how Americans should view the deal,"" he said, according to Bloomberg.

Bloomberg also reported that Bush accused Obama of putting the U.S. in ""retreat"" while criticizing Obama's efforts to check the rise of the Islamic State.

Golub said Bush wasn't quite so harsh. He said Bush specifically said he did not want to project an image of the U.S. in retreat.

The toughest Bush appeared to get was quoting Sen. Lindsey Graham as saying the 2011 troop pullout from Iraq was a ""strategic blunder.""

Golub said Bush described ISIS as Al Qaeda's ""second act"" and was delivering the basic message that they're ""evil killers"" -- and the way to deal with them is to kill them.

The New York Times described Bush's comments on Saturday as a ""tacit critique"" of his successor. Golub described the Times' account as more accurate than the one in Bloomberg.

To date, Bush indeed has largely avoided commenting on the current administration -- though former Vice President Dick Cheney has been outspoken in his condemnation of Obama's national security policies.

The Iran talks, though, have generated a heated international debate. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, addressing Congress at House Speaker John Boehner's invitation, blasted the preliminary nuclear deal before it was even announced.

Critics like Netanyahu say it does not close Iran's path to a nuclear weapon, and merely delays that possibility while giving Iran access to funding by lifting sanctions.

Proponents, though, say the framework deal is better than the alternative options -- including military conflict -- and would allow international inspectors to ensure Iran is living up to its end of any agreement.",1
613,The Kochs' plan to beat Reid,Ohio Democrat Tim Ryan does a lot of media but only has 2 public supporters,1
2674,"How will Facebook, Google and Twitter define the ""Hate"" they plan to censor?","Bloomberg reports that “U.S. Internet giants Facebook Inc., Twitter Inc., Google and Microsoft Corp. pledged to tackle online hate in less than 24 hours as part of a joint commitment with the European Union to combat the use of social media by terrorists.” Further, the companies “said it remains a ‘challenge’ to strike the right balance between freedom of expression and hate speech.”

It makes perfect sense if you believe in the existence of evil, and therefore of hatred. It’s not just a right, but a moral imperative to forbid it on social media platforms. The most obvious example is, of course, ISIS and whatever other terrorist groups exist. It’s pretty much a unanimous consensus given that even ISIS et. al. would readily admit they hate the West.

So why are conservatives alarmed? Why are they pointing I-told-you-so fingers at those  – this writer being one --  who recently visited with Mark Zuckerberg at Facebook, and then vouched for the sincerity of the FB brass (but not other sites) that  forcefully stated its desire to work with conservatives?

At the meeting at Facebook’s Menlo Park headquarters the discussion focused on the roles of the “curators,” those individuals hired by the company to ensure that community standards are met. It’s a necessary endeavor but also one that introduces the human factor and, as a result, subjective opinion. It’s not difficult to find the slippery slope where matters of “hatred” are concerned.

What is “hate,” as defined by leftists, the very community from which these curators hail?

The Southern Poverty Law Center is a prominent radical leftist group hell-bent on poisoning society against conservatives, especially the social kind. It features a “Hate Map” with the locations of conservative organizations of all stripes. The Family Research Center, The Center for Security Policy, the Center for Family and Human Rights, ACT for America and the Traditional Values Coalition – these are but a few. And what views do these “haters” hold? Some support traditional marriage, some stopping illegal immigration, some fighting radical Islam.

A writer for the leftist website Salon has his example of hatred – the Confederate flag, which he calls “the American swastika.” “[D]isplaying the Confederate flag anywhere is, at bottom, an act of hate. It should be recognized as such, and punished as a hate crime.” (He later reversed himself, heroically likening his “inconsistency” to that of Frederick Douglas.)

According to “The College Fix,” an employee from Loyola Marymount University was discussing her views on sexual orientation with three students. “Both the police and the university’s Bias Incident Response Team [!] are investigating the stated belief that only two genders exist, male and female, as a hate crime.”

The College Republican Chapter at DePaul University stands accused of a “hate crime” for writing Trump’s name in chalk on sidewalks.

Speaking of which, when a pro-life student group at John Hopkins University used a sidewalk to counsel women near an abortion facility, it was denied official campus club recognition by the college student government for promoting “hate speech.”

Google “tea party” and “hate speech” and you get 1,280,000 listings.

Far left agitators branded Brendan Eich a “hater” and forced him to step down as head of the company he founded, Mozilla, because he contributed $1,000 to a traditional marriage referendum in California (which passed). Dan Cathy of Chick-fil-A was also targeted as a “hater” for defending traditional marriage. GLAAD’s website features a list of over 100 opponents who serve as media commentators but who should be expelled from civilized society for being “extremists” or “haters.” The list includes six U.S. Catholic bishops.

The “Washington Redskins” is hate speech, too.

The list seems endless. Virtually any belief opposed by the radical left is branded “hatred” and that belief spoken becomes “hate speech.” The goal is to silence the conservative world view through censorship, period. The fringe will use every means available to pressure these online giants to follow suit. Will Facebook, Google, Twitter and Microsoft comply?

L. Brent Bozell III is founder and president of the Media Research Center.",1
4385,Indiana Law: Sorting Fact From Fiction From Politics,"The culture wars are always percolating beneath the surface in presidential politics — until something or someone pushes them to the surface.

That something early in this cycle is Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which Republican Gov. Mike Pence, who is considering a run for president in 2016, signed into law last week. It has caused a firestorm of criticism from those who say the law could lead to discrimination against gays and lesbians, including businesses like Apple and Angie's List; the NCAA, which is hosting the men's college basketball Final Four in Indianapolis; and even other states like Connecticut, which banned state-paid travel to Indiana.

Pence seemed surprised by the backlash and has had some difficulty explaining his position. Other potential 2016 candidates have leapt to his defense, and some, like Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, went further than the Indiana governor.

Supporters say Indiana's law is similar to the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act passed in 1993.

As is often the case in controversies, however, the facts have become muddled and conflated. So what are the facts? How are the two laws different? And how have politics on both sides shaped the response?

Seeking 'Clarification' And A 'Fix,' As The Contenders Weigh In

On Tuesday, Pence said there has ""been misunderstanding and confusion and mischaracterization of this law."" But he said he is seeking ""clarification"" and a ""fix"" to the law with legislation ""that makes it clear that this law does not give businesses a right to deny services to anyone.""

On Monday, though, the law became part of the presidential campaign with Republican presidential candidates weighing in after a Sunday show performance from Pence that raised more questions. Pence sidestepped half a dozen specific questions about whether the law could lead to discrimination against gays and lesbians.

Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush contended that facts had not been established, and once they are, ""people aren't going to see this as discriminatory at all.""

Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker backed the law and said through a spokesman that it was about ""the right for Americans to exercise their religion and act on their conscience.""

Texas Sen. Ted Cruz said the law ""is giving voice to millions of courageous conservatives.""

Rubio, though, did something the other candidates did not. He more directly addressed the charge that businesses could discriminate against gay and lesbian couples. Gay-rights advocates, for example, say if a gay or lesbian couple wanted a flower arrangement or cake for a reception, a florist or caterer could lawfully choose not to fill the order, if he has a religious objection.

Rubio said he thinks businesses should have that right.

""The issue we're talking about here is should someone who provides a professional service be punished by the law because they refused to provide that professional service to a ceremony that they believe is in violation of their faith?"" he said on Fox News Monday. ""I think people have a right to live out their religious faith in their own lives.""

Most conservatives, including Pence, have mostly not addressed that charge head-on. Instead, they say, the law is unfairly maligned. After all, other states have similar laws and even Democrat Bill Clinton signed a federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act into law as president.

Hillary Clinton, for the record, tweeted: ""Sad this new Indiana law can happen in America today. We shouldn't discriminate against ppl bc of who they love.""

The White House on Tuesday blasted Pence and others, who ""falsely suggest"" the two laws — Indiana's and the federal one — are the same.

""That is not true,"" White House press secretary Josh Earnest said at the White House daily briefing. He cited the spirit of the law as well as the text. He said the 1993 law ""was an effort to protect the religious liberty of religious minorities based on actions that could be taken by the federal government.""

On the other hand, ""The Indiana law is much broader,"" Earnest continued. ""It doesn't just apply to individuals or religious minorities. It applies to, and I'm quoting here, 'a partnership, a limited liability company, a corporation, a company, a firm, a society, a joint stock company, or an unincorporated association.' So this obviously is a significant expansion of the law in terms of the way that it would apply. ... [T]his is a much more open-ended piece of legislation that could reasonably be used to try to justify discriminating against somebody because of who they love.""

First, let's start with how and why the 1993 law came to be. The federal law stemmed from an Oregon Native American man, who lost his job in 1990 after testing positive for drugs. He had used peyote as part of a religious ritual. The ""fix"" to that problem became the federal RFRA, introduced by soon-to-be Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, then a House member from New York. A companion bill passed the Senate and was introduced by the late Sen. Ted Kennedy.

Nineteen states, in addition to Indiana, have since enacted their own RFRAs, but as The Atlantic notes, just South Carolina and Texas have similar variations to Indiana's and neither seems to go quite as far.

Indiana Vs. Federal Law — What Do They Say?

The Federal RFRA states that ""Government shall not substantially burden a person's exercise of religion even if the burden results from a rule of general applicability. ...""

The Indiana law also states, ""A governmental entity may not substantially burden a person's exercise of religion, even if the burden results from a rule of general applicability.""

That is, the federal law states, except when it ""is in furtherance of a compelling governmental interest; and is the least restrictive means of furthering that compelling governmental interest.""

Indiana also states the exception as ""(1) is in furtherance of a compelling governmental interest; and (2) is the least restrictive means of furthering that compelling governmental interest.""

But that's where the similarities end.

The federal law does not go so far as to define a ""person."" Indiana's law does. And a ""person,"" by its standard, is not what you might think.

Section 7 of the Indiana code includes people, churches and corporations in that definition:

As related to whether, why or who can sue, the federal law says:

The Indiana law goes further. In Section 9, it states that ""a person,"" in this case meaning an individual, church, limited liability company, etc., ""whose exercise of religion has been substantially burdened, or is likely to be substantially burdened, by a violation of this chapter may assert the violation or impending violation as a claim or defense in a judicial or administrative proceeding, regardless of whether the state or any other governmental entity is a party to the proceeding.""

So, in other words, while the federal law states that a person can sue the government for a grievance, Indiana makes a point of stating that it doesn't matter if government is involved.

Josh Blackman, a constitutional law professor at South Texas College, notes in National Review that while some read the federal provision as pertaining only to government, it has actually split federal courts. ""Private parties,"" he points out, ""had brought suits against corporations.""

For example: ""[T]he D.C. Circuit held that the Catholic University of America could raise RFRA as a defense against a sex-discrimination claim brought by a nun and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission alike.""

That said, the Indiana law explicitly wipes away any ambiguity.

Support for gay rights has increased dramatically over the past decade. Since former President George W. Bush proposed a ban on same-sex marriage during his 2004 presidential re-election campaign, support for same-sex marriage has reversed.

In 2004, a majority of the country — 55 percent — was against it, while 42 percent was in favor, according to Gallup. Now, it's exactly the opposite, with 55 percent saying they're in favor of same-sex marriage and 42 percent saying they're against it.

What's more, in 2004, 54 percent said gay or lesbian relations were ""morally wrong."" In 2014, 58 percent said it was ""morally acceptable,"" while just 38 percent said it was wrong. That is a huge cultural and political shift in a relatively short time.

It's something Republican pollster Whit Ayres likens to approval of interracial marriage in the 1970s to 1990s. In his book, 2016 and Beyond: How Republicans Can Elect a President in the New America, he points out, citing Gallup numbers, that in 1972, some 60 percent of Americans disapproved of interracial marriage. Twenty-five years later, 64 percent approved with the lines crossing when the country split about evenly in 1983.

""It looks similar to gay marriage,"" Ayres told reporters at a breakfast meeting Tuesday sponsored by the Christian Science Monitor. ""The values of young people, I believe, this is where we are headed as a country."" He added, ""We are headed to where a political candidate who is perceived as anti-gay will never connect with people under 30 years old.""

But going inside the numbers helps explain why both sides are singing very different tunes on the Indiana law. For example, Gallup found that 3 in 4 Democrats are in favor of same-sex marriage (as were almost 60 percent of independents), but the opposite was true for Republicans with 72 percent opposed, as of 2013.

That makes it difficult to get through a Republican primary being too strongly in favor of gay rights with a significant portion of the base considering themselves ""social values"" religious voters.

""That's a challenge,"" said Ayres, who is advising Rubio.

He points out that Republicans under 30 support same-sex marriage. A Pew poll in 2014, in fact, found 61 percent of young Republicans in favor.

So, while times are changing with Republicans on gay rights, they are doing so more slowly than the more rapid change taking place in the country at large.",1
4324,Does Carly Fiorina's business experience at HP matter?,"Fiorina and Trump are both touting their CEO qualities in their bid for the White House. But the differences between executive and political power are enormous.

As yet another general joins Trump's team, what does the pick reveal?

Was Carly Fiorina a good business executive, or a poor one? That’s a hot question in United States politics as Ms. Fiorina rises in the polls. Right now, the media is full of in-depth examinations of her tenure as CEO of Hewlett-Packard and her 20 years at Lucent. Both firms grew during her tenure but both struggled after she left, and it remains unclear whether her decisions contributed to their stumbles.

However, amid the flurry of competing profit claims and clashing job figures, there’s a third question that’s going largely unasked: Is the top-level business experience of Fiorina and Donald Trump actually relevant to the presidency?

After all, the Oval Office is a very different place from a Fortune 500 corner office. Government bureaucrats don’t instantly obey orders. Troublesome lawmakers can’t be dismissed. Reporters are so interested in your decisions that a horde of them occupies a press office in your own building.

Some CEO qualities are indeed useful in politics, JPMorgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon said Sunday on “Meet the Press."" Successful business executives have a general talent for running things, he said, and for identifying and recruiting successful subordinates.

“It’s not sufficient, though. You have a whole other set of attributes” necessary to the presidency, said the JP Morgan chief. “It’s complex. It’s three-dimensional chess.”

Mr. Dimon is a self-identified Democrat who has supported Hillary Clinton in the past. So it’s possible he has a partisan interest in pushing the notion that CEO experience isn’t a White House prerequisite. But it’s undeniable that the greatest presidents weren’t business leaders. In at least one case – Harry Truman – a successful president was a private sector flop.

Herbert Hoover was a prominent mining engineer, executive, and investor before his disastrous Oval Office tenure. Jimmy Carter, peanut broker, is typically ranked near the bottom of modern presidents. George H. W. Bush made a fortune in oil, and then lost his presidential reelection bid amid an ailing economy.

George W. Bush was the first US president with an MBA. Given the rise of that credential among the American elite class, it’s unlikely he’ll be the last.

In fact, 2016 could be a business executives’ year. Fiorina and Trump both insist that business experience is crucial to understanding the economy and job creation and to bringing order and clarity to difficult issues. Trump in particular boasts that America would be transformed by the sheer power of his business acumen. Pressed last month by George Stephanopoulos of ABC News about how he would find and deport the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the US, and where he’d get the billions to pay for the move, Trump said, “It’s called management.""

The substance of Trump’s immigration proposals aside, “management” might not be enough to carry them out, or indeed to push though and then execute any complex, controversial US political action.

The differences between executive and political power are simply enormous. By comparison, executives are the masters of their domain. Their leverage over subordinates is direct, and considerable. Their ability to set strategy for their entity is similarly unchallenged.

Presidents have little of that. Their hiring power extends to their own staff and cabinet top levels. Congress holds the purse strings and has a huge say in the direction of the nation. Public opinion is a powerful influence.

In his classic study of the office, “Presidential Power and the Modern Presidents,” the influential scholar Richard Neustadt argued that presidents are weak when it came to domestic matters. They weren’t in any sense the nation’s CEO.

“Presidential power is the power to persuade,” Mr. Neustadt concluded.

That involves lots of skills CEOs don’t need. They include the ability to cajole 435 lawmakers, all of whom think they should be sitting in your chair. They include the ability to take an indirect line toward your goal, and often settling for far less than you wanted. They include an inclination to compromise and an acceptance that muddling through isn’t so bad, particularly when it comes to foreign policy.

“There’s no equivalent in the corporate world to the separation of powers that often thwarts a president’s will. And the job demands political savvy more than managerial experience,” wrote Bloomberg’s David Lynch in 2012 when considering businessman Mitt Romney’s presidential qualifications.

This doesn’t mean CEOs are by definition unqualified for presidential duties. To reach the top, they need drive, clarity, the ability to set goals, and the ability to rally a staff – all useful qualifies in politics.

And business failure can lead to political success. The outline of Harry Truman’s story is well-known: He’s the failed haberdasher who rose to finish World War II and save Europe with the Marshall Plan. But Truman’s Kansas City clothing store thrived, until an economic downturn sucked it under. Many of Truman’s friends from National Guard days used the store as an informal clubhouse, and through the store he met many local small businessmen and joined civic associations.

This gave him his entrée into the local Democratic machine. He entered county politics, then won a US Senate seat, and was chosen as Franklin D. Roosevelt’s vice president.

On the afternoon of April 12, 1945, Truman received an urgent summons from the White House. Eleanor Roosevelt met him and told him that FDR had died.

Truman asked Mrs. Roosevelt “Is there anything I can do for you?”

“Is there anything we can do for you?” she replied. “For you are the one in trouble now.”",1
3704,Marines’ killer set off no red flags,"[Read the latest on the Chattanooga shooting]

As investigators sought to decipher the motives of the gunman who targeted U.S. troops in Chattanooga, Tenn., they also began to confront the uncomfortable question of whether counterterrorism agencies are reaching the practical limits of what they can do to detect homegrown plots.

On Friday, federal officials said they were investigating the shootings Thursday in Chattanooga as a possible terrorist attack but were a long way from drawing conclusions. They said the gunman, 24-year-old Mohammad Youssef Abdulazeez, had not previously drawn the attention of authorities, save for a drunken-driving charge a few months ago.

On Saturday, the Navy said a male petty officer died at 2:17 a.m. of wounds received in Thursday’s shooting — bringing the number killed in the rampage to five. The sailor’s name had not been released.

Abdulazeez’s travels to the Middle East, his acquisition of several firearms and his recent online musings about the meaning of Islam were coming under fresh examination as hundreds of federal agents sought to reconstruct his movements and mind-set.

“At this time, we have no indication he was inspired by or directed by anyone other than himself,” Edward Reinhold, the special agent in charge of the FBI’s office in Knoxville, Tenn., told reporters Friday.

U.S. officials said that devices including a computer and cellphone believed to have belonged to Abdulazeez were being examined by FBI technicians in a laboratory at Quantico, Va.

The FBI said that Abdulazeez was armed with at least two rifles or shotguns, as well as a handgun, when he opened fire on a military recruiting center and a Navy Reserve facility in Chattanooga. Authorities did not give a more detailed description of the firearms or say how he obtained them.

“Some of the weapons were purchased legally and some of them may not have been,” Reinhold said.

[Video: Who was the Chattanooga gunman?]

U.S. counterterrorism officials have become increasingly worried about the ability of the Islamic State and al-Qaeda offshoots to attract and radicalize followers in the United States. At the same time, authorities have expressed concern that their ability to detect such contact has been eroded by the spread of encrypted communication.

Federal authorities have arrested more than 10 people over the past six weeks who are suspected of having ties to the Islamic State. U.S. officials said the crackdown was part of an effort to suppress a surge in suspected plots aimed at unleashing violence on U.S. targets during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, which ended the day of the attacks in Chattanooga.

But officials have also said that homegrown radicals have gotten better at hiding their intentions and cloaking their contacts with overseas groups, despite a massive expansion in U.S. surveillance capabilities since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.

Two U.S. law enforcement officials said Abdulazeez traveled to Jordan on four occasions prior to the shootings. The last trip he took was from April 2014 to November 2014. One of the officials said there was no information the trips were connected to attempts to enter Syria or establish contacts with a terrorist group.

Jordan has been a way station for foreign fighters attempting to enter Syria, including a 22-year-old U.S. citizen who similarly went undetected during trips to Jordan before carrying out a suicide attack in Syria last year.

But Jordan is also a popular tourist destination, one of several nations bordering Syria that account for more than 2 million travelers who arrive in the United States each year.

Moreover, Abdulazeez had a grandmother and other relatives in the country, according to neighbors and court papers.

And while his father, Youssuf Abdulazeez, was investigated by the FBI in 1994 and again in 2002 for donating to Palestinian groups suspected of having ties to terrorism, U.S. officials said the father was removed from a terrorism watch list a decade ago.

Based on the limited information available so far, the younger Abdulazeez appears to have repeatedly brushed up against U.S. screening systems without triggering an alert, said Rep. Devin Nunes (R-Calif.), chairman of the House Intelligence Committee.

“You have to do something that would set off some type of alarm,” Nunes said in an interview. Because of the mounting odds against disrupting plots, as well as the countermeasures being taken by terrorist groups, Nunes said that stopping attacks is “becoming tougher and tougher.”

Nunes said the FBI has warned lawmakers repeatedly in recent months that the bureau was facing a surge in the number of threats it is tracking — many based on intelligence gleaned overseas — but has been unable to connect those tips to individuals or specific targets in the United States.

“The FBI has warned us that there are a bunch of threats that they know about but can’t find,” Nunes said. “They have enough specifics to say something is being planned. We know [the Islamic State] is talking to someone but we can’t find the person.”

U.S. counterterrorism officials emphasized Friday that they have no evidence so far that the attack by Abdulazeez fell into that troubling security gap.

Four Marines were killed in Thursday’s attack: Gunnery Sgt. Thomas J. Sullivan of Hampden, Mass.; Staff Sgt. David A. Wyatt of Burke, N.C.; Sgt. Carson A. Holmquist of Polk, Wis.; and Lance Cpl. Squire K. Wells of Cobb, Ga.

[Profiles of the Marines who died in Chattanooga]

An unidentified Navy petty officer and a Chattanooga police officer were wounded. Abdulazeez was killed after exchanging gunfire with police.

While the FBI was cautious in making judgments, other lawmakers said there was clear reason to suspect that Abdulazeez had been inspired, directly or indirectly, by the Islamic State or a similar group.

“Based on my experience, I think he was radicalized by these individuals in Syria,” Rep. Michael McCaul (R-Tex.), chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, told reporters. “The threat is real and it comes from the Internet,” he added. “They don’t have to travel to Iraq and Syria. . . . They’re already here.”

Abdulazeez could trace his heritage to several parts of the Middle East — he was born in Kuwait as a Jordanian citizen, although his parents identified themselves as Palestinians. He came to the United States with his family while very young and grew up in Chattanooga, attending a local high school and earning a degree in electrical engineering from the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga.

In addition to his visit to Jordan last year, he traveled there on at least one prior occasion, during a combined trip to Kuwait in 2010, according to the official Kuwait News Agency.

A high school friend, Levon Miller, added that Abdulazeez traveled abroad once every few years. “He’d take off for a month or two mostly during his college breaks,” Miller said, although he said he didn’t know details about where he went.

Other signs emerged Friday that Abdulazeez and his four sisters had grown up in a troubled household, afflicted by marital strife and debt.

His father filed for federal bankruptcy protection in 2002. Seven years later, his mother filed for divorce, charging that her husband had sexually and physically abused her, and had threatened to take a second wife. The couple later reconciled.

Three months ago, Abdulazeez was hired as a shift supervisor by Superior Essex, a firm that manufactures specialty wiring and cables. Co-workers said he called in sick last weekend and hadn’t been seen since.

Thomas Gibbons-Neff and Cari Gervin in Chattanooga, and William Branigin, Brian Murphy, Dan Lamothe, Missy Ryan, Mark Berman, Sari Horwitz, Carol D. Leonnig, and Julie Tate in Washington contributed to this report.",1
1299,Ted Cruz Says Only He Can Beat Donald Trump,"MYRTLE BEACH, S.C.— Ted Cruz has a simple message for South Carolina: I’m the only candidate who can stop Donald Trump. Before addressing a raucus crowd of about 200 in this beach resort, Mr. Cruz told reporters that his third place finish in New Hampshire made it clear “the only candidate who can beat Donald […]",1
5138,Speakers List: Trump's convention has pols and celebs,"There are war heroes, a casino mogul and even an underwear model, yet Donald Trump is relying heavily on his party's establishment to fill the speaking program for next week's Republican National Convention.

The presumptive presidential nominee has approved a convention program that features at least 20 current or former elected officials, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz. Noticeably absent from a speaker list obtained by The Associated Press early Thursday are many athletes or A-List celebrities that Trump's team long suggested would help make his presidential nominating convention unlike any other.

Yet there is no shortage of political outsiders.

Speakers will include four of Trump's children, Las Vegas casino owner Phil Ruffin, and actor and former underwear model Antonio Sabαto Jr. College football star Tim Tebow will also appear on stage, the campaign confirmed Thursday morning. And in a slap at Democratic contender Hillary Clinton, Mark Geist and John Tiegen will also address the convention, both survivors of the deadly 2012 attack on the American diplomatic consulate in Benghazi, Libya.

""This impressive lineup of veterans, political outsiders, faith leaders and those who know Donald Trump the best -- his family and longtime friends -- represent a cross-section of real people facing the same challenges as every American household,"" said Trump spokesman Jason Miller.

Despite the list of familiar politicos, the convention program is a reminder that the Republican Party remains deeply divided over Trump's candidacy.

Some of the GOP's biggest names were not on the list because they refused to participate in four-day convention, which begins on Monday.

The GOP's two living presidents, George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush, and its two most recent presidential nominees, John McCain and Mitt Romney, all plan to avoid the Cleveland affair -- as does Ohio's Republican Gov. John Kasich. Shrugging off the high-profile absences, Trump's team suggested the convention lineup would help highlight Trump's outsider appeal.

""We are totally over-booked. We have great speakers, we have winners, we have people that aren't only political people,"" Trump told Fox News Channel on Tuesday. ""We have a lot of people that are just champions and winners.""

The New York billionaire acknowledged in recent days that he'd be hewing a little closer to tradition.

""Look, I have great respect for the institution of the conventions. I mean to me, it's very important. So we're not going to change the wheel,"" he said on Fox.

New England Patriots star quarterback Tom Brady, a Trump friend, was initially teased as a possible speaker, but will not appear next week in Cleveland. Neither will former Indiana University basketball coach Bobby Knight or legendary boxing promoter Don King, a Cleveland resident and passionate Trump supporter.

The program will instead feature people like pro golfer Natalie Gulbis, retired astronaut Eileen Collins, and Ultimate Fighting Championship president Dana White. In addition to the Benghazi survivors, former Navy SEAL Marcus Luttrell, author of the book, ""Lone Survivor,"" will make an appearance, along with Wisconsin Sheriff David Clarke, a vocal critic of the Black Lives Matter movement.

The convention will also highlight religious leaders such as Jerry Falwell Jr., son of the famed televangelist, and Haskel Lookstein, the New York rabbi who converted Trump's daughter, Ivanka to Judaism.

Trump does not forget his business relationships, giving speaking slots to real estate investor Tom Barrack, PayPal co-founder Peter Thiel and even the general manager for Virginia's Trump Winery, Kerry Woolard.

And in a nod toward party unity, Trump will feature several former presidential competitors, including Cruz, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, Ben Carson and Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee.

Two finalists in Trump's search for a running mate made the list as well: New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Newt Gingrich. The other finalist, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, was not included in the program obtained by the AP.

Trump had already announced that his children would be speaking, along with his wife Melania, whom he said was already working on remarks.

Ivanka Trump, who along with Trump's other adult children, has been playing an increasingly central role in the campaign, predicted in a recent radio interview the GOP convention would be ""a convention unlike any we've ever seen.""

""It will be substantive. It will be interesting. It will be different. It's not going to be a ho-hum lineup of, you know, the typical politicians,"" she said.",1
633,Why I'm running for president,"Gary Johnson is the presidential nominee for the Libertarian Party and a former governor of New Mexico. The views expressed are his own. Watch CNN's Libertarian Town Hall with Gary Johnson and Bill Weld on Wednesday at 9 p.m. ET.

(CNN) What does it say about the level of discontent in our country that a professional salesman can launch a presidential campaign with a promise to build our very own Great Wall of China and a vague promise to ""make America great again"" -- and become the Republican standard-bearer?

And the Democrats? It is long overdue that we have a woman as a legitimate contender for the White House. But Hillary Clinton is the definition of the establishment so many are determined to reject.

What does all this tell me? It tells me that America may finally be ready for a presidential candidate who believes in the free market, but rejects crony capitalism. They may be ready for a candidate who actually governed a border state...and DOESN'T believe that a Great Wall is a substitute for immigration reform that today's politicians cannot summon the courage to enact.

Of course, I finished my second term as governor of New Mexico more than a decade ago -- back in 2003. And when I left office, I was done.

I had been elected governor when everyone said I didn't have a chance. A businessman who had never sought or held elected office, running as a Republican in an overwhelmingly Democratic state. My prospects for success were dismissed by pretty much everyone.

But I worked hard, and told New Mexicans what I would do if elected: Reduce the size of the government, cut taxes and apply businesslike common sense to the job of governing. My state elected me, I did what I said I would do, and they re-elected me by an even bigger margin. After that second term, I walked away to resume what was -- and is -- a pretty good life.

I have had the good fortune to be able to climb the highest mountain on each of the seven continents. I have enjoyed the freedom I had gained from building a successful business from scratch, making some money and creating the lifestyle I wanted.

As for being governor, I did what I said I would do. I told people the truth, and I tried to run the state the same way I ran my business, and my life: Don't promise what you can't deliver. Deliver what you can on time and under budget. And most of all, don't waste anyone's time or money. I vetoed bills we didn't need nor couldn't afford -- 750 of them. To this day, some call me ""Governor Veto.""

I enjoyed being governor. I didn't enjoy the politics, but it was satisfying to make a difference in people's lives, force debates on issues that needed to be discussed, and put the principles of smaller government and greater freedom into practice.

After my service as governor was finished, I largely stayed away from politics. I went home, pursued my passions for skiing and cycling, climbed Mount Everest, built my dream house and enjoyed my freedom.

But there was a big problem. I found I could not sit on the couch and watch as the politicians in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike, ran up trillions in debt, sent our young men and women into harm's way to fight ill-advised wars, and turned our government from a protector of freedom into a threat that is intruding into virtually every aspect of our personal and financial lives.

I couldn't stand by and do nothing. I had my freedom, and I had my comfortable life, but I couldn't accept the fact that the politicians were making it increasingly difficult for my kids and millions of others to achieve their dreams as I had achieved mine.

So, in 2012, I ran for president . But it became clear rather quickly that the system wasn't ready for my kind of classical liberalism. I tried to run as a Republican, but didn't fit into the mold demanded by the Republican primary gauntlet. I couldn't evangelize about family values that may be wonderful personal values, but that are frankly none of the government's business. I couldn't talk about increasing defense spending at a time when we are broke. And I had to tell the truth about entitlements that must be reformed if we are ever to balance the federal budget.

So I went home to the Libertarian Party. Libertarians, broadly speaking, are fiscally conservative and socially liberal. Running as the candidate who could unapologetically advocate those principles was, well, liberating. I didn't win, but I garnered more votes than any Libertarian candidate in history.

Along the way, I learned a lot about the American people. Americans are fed up with politicians who lie, who don't really want to change anything, and for whom being elected and re-elected are ends in themselves.

Millennials -- who will soon be a full one-third of American adults -- may be especially ready to become engaged in politics with a candidate who wants to give them a government that will leave them alone and get its finances in order so that they don't inherit an economic collapse.

But all Americans who are rightfully and deeply concerned that a feckless foreign policy is allowing the likes of ISIS to not only threaten our safety, but humiliate us, may be ready for a candidate who will pursue reality-based foreign and military policies that actually fulfill government's most basic responsibility to keep us -- and our freedoms -- safe.

So ... for those who are asking ""Why am I running for president in 2016?"" the answer is simple. I believe America might be ready for something -- and somebody -- different.",1
4015,Syrian official says 'wide-scale offensive' launched,"(CNN) The Syrian regime, which had appeared earlier this year to be on the ropes, has ""launched a wide-scale offensive,"" a senior military official said Thursday.

The aim is ""eliminating the terrorist groups and liberating the areas and towns that have suffered from terrorism and its crime,"" Gen. Ali Abdullah Ayyoub, the Syrian army chief of staff, said on state media,

Ayyoub provided no details of the area in which the offensive is being launched or its size and scope.

But he acknowledged the key role being played by Russia , which appears bent on supporting a Syrian regime that had been badly in need of help.

""Following the Russian military airstrikes that diminished the fighting capacity of ISIS and other terrorist groups, the Syrian armed forces maintained their military initiative,"" Ayyoub said.

Shoigu said the strikes were launched from the Caspian Sea using precise long-range missiles that flew 1,500 kilometers (930 miles) to their targets.

The report appeared to offer fresh evidence that Russia's primary goal is propping up al-Assad rather than fighting terrorism.

Even as its ships and warplanes conducted fresh strikes, Russia said it was willing to cooperate with the United States in carrying out attacks in Syria.

However, speaking to reporters in Rome, U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton Carter called the Russian campaign of airstrikes in Syria a ""fundamental mistake."" He said the United States was not ready to cooperate with Russia on operations in Syria.

The U.S. military recently had to divert an aircraft over Syria to ensure it could maintain a safe flying distance from a Russian fighter, a Pentagon representative said. Until the two countries agree on mutual flight safety rules in Syrian airspace, U.S. pilots are under orders to change their flight path if a Russian plane is within 20 nautical miles (37 kilometers), a senior defense official told CNN.

Russian warplanes conducted heavy airstrikes Wednesday on Islamist factions, accompanied by shelling from government forces, according to the UK-based, anti-Assad Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.

The head of the observatory said that there were no ISIS positions in the areas targeted and that fierce clashes were taking place on the ground between regime forces and their allies and armed Islamist rebel factions, including the Ahrar al-Sham and al Qaeda-affiliated al-Nusra Front.

Wednesday's clashes are the fiercest in the last month, the observatory said.

But Turkey, Syria's neighbor to the north, cast fresh doubt Wednesday on whether Russia's goal was to go after ISIS.

A fraction -- 3.5% -- of Russia's airstrikes in Syria so far have targeted the terror group, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said.

On Thursday, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg called recent violations of Turkish airspace unacceptable and said the alliance stood ready to help Turkey protect itself.

Speaking after a meeting of NATO defense ministers in Brussels, Belgium, Stoltenberg said the alliance was in constant dialogue with Turkey, and its determination to help Turkey defend itself was ""rock solid.""

""A political solution to the crisis in Syria is more needed than ever,"" he said.

The U.S. Embassy in Syria also questioned Russia's targets.

The developments came a day after Stoltenberg expressed alarm over how the Russian military had grown on several fronts in Syria, including boots on the ground. Russian planes have also incurred into Turkish airspace twice, he said.

""It's unacceptable, it's dangerous, and it's reckless behavior and it adds to the tensions,"" he told CNN.

Stoltenberg said he doubted that Russia was interested primarily in fighting ISIS.

""I'm also concerned that Russia is not targeting ISIL but instead attacking the Syrian opposition and civilians,"" he said.

The latest U.S. assessment indicates that Russia has moved ground combat weapons and troops to western Syria where anti-regime forces are, according to two American defense officials. The United States sees the move as Russia ""stepping up its ground activity"" in Syria to attack those forces, rather than ISIS elements, according to one of the officials.

But Russian officials deny ramping up military activity. Officials quoted by state media said there would be no ground operation in Syria and -- in contrast to what officials had said earlier -- Russia would try to prevent any ""volunteers"" from going to Syria.",1
3743,Feds Search Home in Mohammed Event Shooting,"An Phoenix apartment was searched by federal agents Monday as part of an investigation into a shooting outside a Mohammed cartoon contest.

On Sunday, Texas police killed two gunmen after they opened fire on participants in a contest to draw cartoons of Islam's prophet Mohammed in the Dallas suburb of Garland.

As the cartoon contest, hosted by the American Freedom Defense Initiative, was ending, two men arrived in a car, jumped out, and started shooting.

""This is very scary. We heard boom, boom, boom, and then all of a sudden we saw the cops everywhere,"" Garland resident Kim Easley told Dallas-Fort Worth's WFAA-TV.

""They drove up, got out, and opened fire on the security officer,"" Garland police spokesman Joe Harn said.

After the security guard was hit, Garland police returned fire, killing both gunmen.

Sunday's attack took place following remarks by Geert Wilders, a Dutch lawmaker known for his outspoken criticism of Islam.

""We are here in defiance of Islam to stand for our rights and freedom of speech,"" Wilders told contest participants. ""That is our duty.""

""Our message today is very simple,"" he continued. ""We will never allow barbarism, never allow Islam, to rob us of our freedom of speech.""

FBI agents are hoping the Phoenix residence will offer clues as to what motivated the shooting.

Meanwhile, there's evidence Sunday's attack was inspired by the Islamic State.

Approximately 20 minutes before the shooting, a Twitter account expressing support for ISIS used the hashtag #TexasAttack and indicated two men were going to give their lives for Allah.

An ISIS spokesman called the gunmen ""brothers"" of the Islamic State.",1
3977,Suspected mastermind of Paris massacre killed in terror raid,"The man widely known as the suspected mastermind of last Friday's Paris attacks that killed 129 people, who bragged that he could always stay one step ahead of Western intelligence, was killed in the police raid north of Paris Wednesday.

Officials also confirmed that his cousin was killed, when she apparently blew herself up.

Abdelhamid Abaaoud, 27, had been linked to as many as four thwarted attacks since this spring, including the plot to kill passengers on a Paris-bound high-speed train in August, a plot that three young Americans helped foil. He was identified from skin samples after the Saint-Denis apartment raid, the French prosecutor's office reported.

Later Thursday, police in the eastern French city of Charleville-Mezieres blew open a door to enter a house during a new raid.

French police are looking for anything that could be linked to jihadi networks or illegal weapons. Police spokeswoman Mathilde Coulon would not give further details about the Thursday evening raid.

Abaaoud had claimed he successfully moved back and forth from Europe to Syria coordinating terror attacks, and narrowly escaped a January police raid in the Belgian city of Verviers. “Allah blinded their vision and I was able to leave... despite being chased after by so many intelligence agencies,"" he told the ISIS magazine Dabiq.

Two counterterrorism sources tell Fox News his death marks a major advance for the investigation, but add they are operating on the premise that more senior suspects connected to the plot are still out there.

They describe Abaaoud as the “Mohammed Atta” of the Paris attacks, the “tactical guy” who identified and pulled together the operatives, in the same way the lead hijacker kept the 9/11 teams on course.

They emphasize that based on his skill set and experience, Abaaoud was not the strategic planner, in the same way Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was for the 9/11 attacks. The Paris massacre involved a plot or plots with multiple layers and upwards of 20 players, according to the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, Texas Republican Michael McCaul.

Police say they launched Wednesday's operation after receiving information from tapped phone calls, surveillance and tipoffs suggesting that Abaaoud was holed up in the apartment. Investigators said it was still unclear how he died. Eight other people were arrested.

French authorities did not know he was in Europe before the massacre, France's interior minister Bernard Cazeneuve said Thursday. He demanded Europe do everything in its power to ""vanquish terrorism.""

During the raid, according to one police official, an officer approached Abaaoud's cousin, Hasna Aitboulahcen, and asked her, ""Where is your boyfriend?"" She responded angrily: ""He's not my boyfriend!"" Then there was an explosion.

The bodies recovered in the raid were badly mangled, with a part of the woman's spine landing on a police car, complicating formal identification. Her possible role in the Paris massacre was unclear.

Abaaoud's death may provide some relief not only for Europeans, but also for his own family. “We are praying that Abdelhamid really is dead,” his sister, Yasmina, said last year, The New York Times reported. At the time, there was word he died fighting for ISIS, but it eventually emerged that he escaped Syria for Europe.

His own father, Omar, said the jihadi ""dishonored"" his family, the Times added.

Abaaoud had also used Internet social networks to try to recruit women from Spain to join ISIS, Spanish Interior Minister Jorge Fernandez Diaz said Thursday.

The manhunt for at least two other suspects believed to have participated in the attacks continued. Police have identified one of them as Salah Abdeslam, who grew up in the same Belgian district as Abaaoud, the Brussels suburb of Molenbeek.

There was no indication Abdeslam escaped to neighboring Spain or tried to do so, Diaz added. He told Antena 3 television that security officials from several countries were called together in Paris to discuss the possibility that Abdeslam might try to cross into a country bordering France.

Spanish police say French authorities sent a bulletin to officers across Europe asking them to watch out for a Citroen Xsara car that could be carrying Abdeslam.

Also Thursday, authorities say they detained nine people during as many raids in the Brussels area. Two of the detentions were related to Friday's massacre, and seven others involved the entourage of Bilal Hafdi, one of the suicide bombers at the stadium, but related to issues from before the Paris attacks, according to a prosecution official who spoke on condition of anonymity.

The official refused to provide any details on the two detainees linked to the Paris attacks. There are currently already two suspects in custody charged with terrorist murder and belonging to a terrorist group.

Friday's attacks wounded hundreds of people, and left Europe and much of the world on edge French Prime Minister Manuel Valls warned Thursday that associates of the attackers could use chemical and biological weapons, as he urged Parliament to extend a state of emergency.

Valls said ""terrorism hit France, not because of what it is doing in Iraq and Syria ... but for what it is."" The French Senate is set to vote Friday on prolonging the nation's state of emergency by three months.

The state of emergency expands police powers to carry out arrests and searches, and allows authorities to forbid the movement of people and vehicles at specific times and places.

Turkey's president urged Muslim nations to unite against the extremist groups that he says are tarnishing Islam. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said that Islamic countries have a responsibility to ""stand hand-in-hand and show a clear and principled position"" against the Islamic State group, Al Qaeda and Boko Haram.

Erdogan added that countries must combat poverty, which he described as the ""swamp"" that breeds terrorism. Erdogan was addressing health ministers from the Organization of Islamic Cooperation at a meeting in Istanbul.

Fox News' Catherine Herridge and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
1010,How Wisconsin could be a turning point in the GOP race (+video),"Donald Trump is forecast to lose Wisconsin, and while that doesn't necessarily signal a deeper shift in the race, it could be decisive nonetheless.

How SNL's 'the bubble' sketch about polarization is all too true

Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz greets supporters from the back of a pickup truck at a campaign stop at Altoona Family Restaurant in Altoona, Wis., last week.

It was, Republican opponents of Donald Trump said at the time, a last-ditch rallying cry to prevent the mercurial billionaire from winning the GOP presidential nomination and effectively taking over the party.

Five weeks later, #NeverTrump is still trending – and the Republican movement to derail the “Trump train” faces its moment of truth Tuesday in the Wisconsin primary. Conservative groups have spent millions of dollars on television and radio attack ads. Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, a onetime contender for the nomination, has rallied support for Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, Mr. Trump’s top opponent. In Milwaukee, whose suburbs are rich with Republican voters, conservative talk radio hosts have been skewering Trump relentlessly.

“Honestly, If Donald Trump does win in Wisconsin, I don’t know how he’s possibly stoppable,” says Charlie Sykes, Wisconsin’s top conservative radio voice, speaking Monday on MSNBC.

“But I do think that people are going to look back at Wisconsin and say, ‘All right, this is exactly what it will take to stop Donald Trump from being the Republican nominee.’ ”

There are indications that Wisconsin could indeed slow Trump’s momentum. One key poll has Senator Cruz 10 points up.

For his part, Mr. Sykes says the lead-up to Wisconsin has uncovered a “formula” for stopping Trump that includes a new willingness by the media to drill down on issues with Trump – as MSNBC host Chris Matthews did last week on abortion. Trump said he believed women should be punished for having abortions, then quickly reversed himself after an uproar ensued.

But many of Wisconsin’s lessons about how to beat Trump are particular to the state. Its deeply ingrained sense of civility, as well as its relatively higher levels of education and religious adherence, all play to Trump’s weaknesses.

In the end, Wisconsin’s biggest contribution to the #NeverTrump movement could simply be in denying him the delegates he needs to win a majority by the Republican National Convention this summer. At the convention, Trump’s chances of securing the nomination will plummet if he can’t do it on the first ballot.

In Wisconsin, Trump has been his own worst enemy, with a brash style that clashes with the state’s culture of civility.

“Even when Scott Walker was battling the unions [in 2011] and 100,000 people were marching around the capitol, those were family-friendly events,” says Barry Burden, a political scientist at the University of Wisconsin, Madison. “There were massive policy disagreements, but not a lot of personal insults.”

Trump’s recent retweet of an unflattering picture of Cruz’s wife, Heidi, is just one example of his tone-deaf approach in Wisconsin, the only state voting Tuesday. Trump’s repeated attacks on Walker and on the Republican speaker of the House, Paul Ryan of Wisconsin, have also baffled observers, as both men are popular among the state’s Republicans.

Trump is running into the buzzsaw of a state GOP that coalesced around Walker during his clashes with public unions and the subsequent recall election in 2012, which the governor survived, followed by his reelection in 2014.

“That means there’s not a rump group of the party ready to bolt to go to Trump,” says Charles Franklin, director of the Marquette University Law School poll. Last week, the poll showed Cruz beating Trump, 40 to 30 percent.

On the plus side for Trump, Wisconsin does not register voters by party and allows same-day registration. So first-time or infrequent voters inspired by Trump’s message can easily turn out for him.

Ultimately, observers still expect Cruz to win, though there are important demographic reasons not to put too much stock in a Cruz victory. Nate Cohn, a specialist on voter analytics at The New York Times, points to several factors that have always spelled trouble for Trump in Wisconsin, including:

Education. The state is average or above average in every educational category, while support for Trump skews toward those with less education. Wisconsin is unusual in that “many of its most strongly Republican areas are well-educated suburbs,” Mr. Cohn notes.

Religion. Wisconsin is also a bit above average for religious adherence, and “with the exception of white Roman Catholics, Trump fares worse in areas where larger shares of the population are reported to be religious adherents,” Cohn writes.

Family. Trump also fares worse in areas with strong traditional families; Wisconsin has an above-average number of married couples.

Ancestry. Wisconsin’s population skews toward those from “predominantly Protestant countries in Northern Europe,” a demographic in which Trump has struggled, Cohn reports.

In short, Wisconsin Republicans are similar demographically to those in Iowa, Kansas, and Utah, all states where Cruz beat Trump – who then rebounded.

The key for Trump will be to recover quickly if he loses Wisconsin. The calendar both helps and hurts him. The next contest isn’t until April 19, so he potentially faces two weeks of being cast as a loser. The good news for him is that the next contests are on friendlier turf – his home state of New York, followed by Pennsylvania.

But if Trump loses Wisconsin badly enough that he earns no delegates, his path to clinching the Republican nomination before the convention becomes steeper. Then, his biggest failing as a candidate – his weak organization – could come into play.

He has a dearth of insiders both nationally and inside the state parties who can defend his interests in delegate allocation.

Trump has already reportedly been losing delegates to Cruz, whose operation is going after those who are uncommitted or won by candidates no longer in the race.

Trump has attempted to address this by bringing in veteran Republican strategist Paul Manafort to wrangle delegates at the convention, a major “get.”

The third remaining GOP candidate, Ohio Gov. John Kasich, remains an important factor, preventing Trump and Cruz from going against each other one-on-one. Governor Kasich appears to have benefited from the departure of Florida Sen. Marco Rubio from the race March 15. He scored 21 percent in the latest Marquette poll, up from 8 percent in late February, and is the choice of older-generation GOP leaders in the state, including former Gov. Tommy Thompson and former Rep. Scott Klug.

Polling shows Kasich beating Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton in the general election in November, while both Cruz and Trump lose to Mrs. Clinton.

“At least at the moment, he seems to have a better chance at preventing another Clinton presidency,” says Rich Bonomo, an engineering researcher at the University of Wisconsin, Madison.

Kasich trails far behind Trump and Cruz in the delegate count, and the only way he can win the GOP nomination is through a contested convention. But for some Wisconsin voters, Kasich is an important option – the only candidate left with executive branch governing experience and more-moderate Republican policies.

Rebecca Forbes Wank, bookkeeper for the University of Wisconsin press, says she doesn’t like Cruz, because he’s “so far to the right.” And she can’t vote for Trump, in part because “the way he’s been running has made it OK for people to be racist.”

That leaves her with Kasich. In ultra-liberal Madison, Trump and Cruz supporters are few and far between, but in the wider state, they are the ballgame. And after Tuesday, Republicans nationally will be one step closer to knowing whether they’re headed for a contested convention.",1
443,"The next recession could be around the corner, and the Fed isn't ready for it","Around the world, markets are in chaos. Japan's stock market plunged 5 percent on Friday, while markets in France, Germany, and the UK all saw big losses on Thursday. The US stock market is doing better than most, but it is also down since the start of the year. Oil hit a new low on Thursday of $26 per barrel.

These declines reflect growing concerns that the world economy is headed for another recession. Before 2007 we’d say, ""If things get bad, the Fed will cut interest rates."" But with the Fed’s benchmark rate below 0.5 percent already, a substantial cut would mean rates that are below zero. That's an unorthodox strategy, and it might not even be legal, according to testimony by Fed Chair Janet Yellen before congressional committees this week.

The Fed needs a new strategy: Stop targeting interest rates and instead target the growth of the overall economy. Moving away from interest rate targeting would give markets confidence that the Fed has the tools to deal with the next economic downturn, which would reduce the danger of another 2008-style meltdown.

Unfortunately, there's little sign that the Fed is laying the groundwork for a shift in strategy. Instead, Yellen seemed to be in denial about the magnitude of the challenge she is facing.

""Let’s remember that the labor market is continuing to perform well,"" she said to the Senate Banking Committee on Thursday. ""We want to be careful not to jump to a conclusion about what is in store for the economy."" Maybe not — but the Fed needs to be prepared for the worst.

""The Fed needs to change their fundamental approach,"" argues Scott Sumner, a monetary policy expert at the Mercatus Center. Right now the Fed's policy discussions are all about where to set short-term interest rates. But not only does that approach stop working when interest rates fall to zero — as they did in 2008 — but interest rates aren't even what people actually care about.

Instead, Sumner argues, the Fed should start directly targeting a variable people do care about: either the inflation rate or (even better) the total amount of spending in the economy. He argues that the Fed should focus on setting long-run goals for these variables and then doing whatever it takes to meet those goals.

The Fed currently has an official target of 2 percent inflation. But the central bank's actions make it clear that it's not serious about this target. Last December, for example, the Fed's own forecast showed that inflation would be around 1.6 percent in 2016 — and the forecast inflation rate had actually been falling. Yet the Fed raised interest rates anyway. That was a pretty clear signal to the markets that the Fed cared more about returning to ""normal"" interest rates than it did about achieving its inflation target.

The problem isn't just that the economy will grow a little bit slower in early 2016 than it could have otherwise. By ignoring its own targets, the Fed sent a message that it wasn't really committed to robust growth over the long run, which undermines businesses' confidence in the recovery and discourages investment.

The solution, Sumner argues, is for the Fed to use a strategy called level targeting to make its own targets more credible. Under a level targeting regime, the Fed would compensate for missing its target in one year by overshooting the following year. For example, in 2015, the Fed's preferred measure of inflation came in at 1.4 percent — 0.6 percent below the Fed's 2 percent target. Under level targeting, the Fed would aim to achieve 2.6 percent inflation in 2016, delivering 2 percent inflation on average in 2015 to 2016. That would not only support faster economic growth in 2016, it would also give the markets more confidence in the Fed's forecasts for 2017, 2018, and beyond.

Abandoning interest rate targeting might seem radical, but the Fed has actually done it once before, in the late 1970s. Back then, it seemed that no matter how high the Fed raised interest rates, it couldn't get inflation under control. So in 1979, the Fed stopped targeting interest rates altogether.

Instead, it simply set a target for the total amount of money in the economy. Fed Chair Paul Volcker knew that if the amount of money in circulation stopped rising, the inflation rate would eventually have to stop rising too. It took a couple of years (and helped induce a major recession in 1980), but it worked.

A big reason the strategy worked is that markets believed Volcker was serious about the target. Targeting the money supply directly signaled he was willing to let interest rates go as high as they had to in order to get inflation under control. Once markets believed he was serious, they started doing a lot of his work for him — and businesses began to curtail price increases in the expectation that the overall inflation rate was going to decline.

Today we're facing the reverse situation. A big reason the economy has been recovering so slowly is that businesses are worried about sluggish growth — or, worse, another 2008-style meltdown — in the coming years. So they've been reluctant to invest, making slow growth a self-fulfilling prophecy.

If the Fed can convince businesses that it's serious about delivering consistent growth, businesses will start investing more in the expectation that demand for their products will grow — and that investment will itself produce growth.

Level targeting is a strategy for giving the market more confidence in the Fed's long-term targets. And while inflation-based level targeting would work better than what we're doing now, Sumner argues that the best strategy would be to target the total amount of spending in the economy. This approach, known as nominal GDP targeting, has been endorsed by prominent economists such as Christina Romer.

There are two big problems with the Fed's current strategy of focusing on interest rates. The obvious one is that once rates hit zero, the conventional approach to monetary policy becomes ineffective. After rates hit zero in 2008, the Fed was forced to use an ad hoc strategy known as ""quantitative easing"" to pump more money into the economy. Lacking experience with this new strategy, the Fed twice made the mistake of ending easing too early, slowing the economic recovery between 2010 and 2012.

The larger problem with zero interest rates, however, is politics. People are used to thinking of low interest rates as a sign of easy money and vice versa, so the zero interest rate struck many as a sign of recklessly easy monetary policy. In the years after the financial crisis, critics warned that Fed policies would create runaway inflation.

In retrospect, it's clear that these concerns were unfounded. The average inflation rate since 2008 has been well below the Fed's 2 percent target, while the economy has suffered from persistently slow job and wage growth. But fear of a political backlash for doing ""too much"" discouraged Yellen's predecessor, Ben Bernanke, from acting decisively to promote economic growth.

More recently, the Fed has come under a lot of pressure to ""normalize"" — that is, raise — rates above zero percent. After resisting these pressures for most of 2015, the central bank finally pulled the trigger in December, boosting its target rate from zero percent to 0.25 percent. It did this despite the fact that — as Vox's Matt Yglesias pointed out at the time — most economic indicators suggested that a rate hike would do more harm than good.

This is the flip side of the situation the Fed faced in the 1970s. Because interest rates were high, many people thought monetary policy was too tight, and the Fed faced a lot of pressure to cut rates. But cutting rates triggered another wave of inflation, forcing the Fed to raise rates once again. Interest rate targets had become a distraction, and abandoning them helped Volcker focus on the variable he really cared about: inflation.

Negative interest rates are one way the Fed could try to salvage the current regime of focusing on interest rates. But it's not a very good one.

Just as you might have a savings account with your bank, so a nation's banks all have accounts with their nation's central bank. The money deposited in these accounts is called reserves, and in recent years a lot of banks around the world have chosen to build up huge reserve war chests. That's frustrating to central bankers who have been trying to encourage banks to stimulate economic activity by lending out the money.

So recently Japan's central bank and some central banks in Europe have been experimenting with negative interest rates on reserves. Last month, the Japanese central bank announced that banks would be assessed a 0.1 percent penalty on their reserves — an interest rate of -0.1 percent. A bank with a billion yen deposited with the Bank of Japan will now have to pay 1 million yen per year for the privilege.

Obviously, 0.1 percent is not a very big number, so the direct effects of Japan's new policy won't be very large. But going negative breaks through an important psychological barrier — once a central bank has instituted a slightly negative interest rate, it's more likely to cut rates further in the future.

In her testimony before Congress this week, Yellen was pressed on whether the Fed would follow its European and Japanese counterparts and impose a penalty on reserves. Yellen demurred, saying that the Fed's experts were still studying whether negative interest rates would be legal and technically feasible.

But even if the Fed ultimately decides to adopt negative rates, there are real limits on how far they can go. If negative interest rates get too steep, banks have an obvious alternative: They can get physical cash and store it in a big warehouse. By definition, cash is worth as many dollars a year from now as it is today.

There are a couple of ways central banks could try to make negative interest rates more feasible. University of Michigan economist Miles Kimball, for example, advocates a shift to a new form of electronic money that would allow central banks to impose economy-wide negative interest rates. Others argue that the Fed should raise its inflation target so that real, inflation-adjusted interest rates can go lower. But not only do both of these approaches have technical challenges, they're also likely to be intensely unpopular with voters.

So even if the Fed adopted negative rates, it wouldn't improve the effectiveness of the current interest rate targeting regime very much. Just as the Fed got stuck at zero percent interest rates in 2008, it could get stuck at -1 percent interest rates in 2017 or 2018. So the Fed is going to need a new framework that's less dependent on interest rates regardless. It might as well get started.",1
5127,The Cleveland Show: Convention starts under security cloud,"You must file back to the Democrats’ convention in Chicago in 1968 to find a similar political forum which unfolded under such a pall and the potential for epic violence.

And frankly, as the GOP convenes its Cleveland conclave, things could be even more volatile after the three police murders in Baton Rouge.

Security concerns are off the chart in Cleveland. The country reels from Baton Rouge -- just days after the assassinations of five Dallas-area police officers. We haven’t even mentioned talked about controversial police shootings of black motorists in Baton Rouge and Minnesota. Turkey boils. People are still trying to piece together a murder-by-Renault-truck scheme in Nice, France.

When was Orlando again?

And then there are the politics at the GOP convention.

This convention features the most-unconventional candidate to head the ticket of a major political party in decades.

Welcome to the Cleveland Show.

It wasn’t long ago that Ryan’s predecessor, former House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, suggested the GOP should try to draft the Wisconsin Republican as the 2016 standard-bearer should Donald Trump fail to secure the nomination on the first ballot. Then Ryan called a press conference this spring to quash (once and for all) suggestions that there was some way Republicans would draft him.

So Ryan is sticking with his day job.

A better place to be?

In the days after Orlando, Ryan tried to cobble together a terrorism/guns package before Congress bolted Washington for a protracted, seven-week recess. But those efforts collapsed after Republicans rejected virtually any gun legislation. There didn’t appear to be the votes for a plan authored by Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn, R-Texas. It would grant the attorney general a three-day window to halt potential gun sales for prospective terrorists.

“I think what we should be focused on is listening to people in communities who have done a good job of merging law enforcement with the communities so that these kinds of problems don’t occur,” Ryan said after the questionable traffic stop killings and police violence.

Dallas was known in law enforcement circles as one of those agencies which had done just that in recent years. Still, look what happened.

Democrats struggled to keep their focus on firearm laws. On Thursday night, House Democrats staged a “speak-out” about guns at sunset on the West Front of the U.S. Capitol. But even that scored scant coverage. Just an hour before the protest, the now-infamous white lorry tore through the streets of Nice, bludgeoning everyone in its path.

One violent news story, usurped by another violent news story. Before long, it too was usurped by another violent news story: the coup attempt in Turkey. And then that fell by the wayside too as soon as gunfire cut down officers in Baton Rouge.

Baton Rouge frayed nerves even further in Cleveland.

Immediately, the union representing the Cleveland Police Department fired off a request to Ohio Gov. John Kasich. Law enforcement wanted Kasich to suspend a state law allowing for the open-carry of firearms around the convention zone.

“Ohio governors do not have the power to arbitrarily suspend federal and state Constitutional rights or state laws as suggested,” said Kalmbach.

During an appearance on Fox News, Steve Loomis, president of the Cleveland Police Patrolman’s Association, took issue with Kasich.

“That’s a well-written political statement. There’s no basis in reality. The governor could easily declare a state of emergency and act with executive powers,” said Loomis.

Of course, this is precisely why some Democrats assert it’s important to change the law. If the law poses danger, then change it.

We’ll find out soon if the law is right on this score.

Keep in mind that Cleveland banned everything from water pistols to tennis balls in an area near the convention. But firearms are fine under the Buckeye State’s open-carry statute.

One can only imagine how the Baton Rouge shootings could reignite the gun debate in Washington.

Interestingly, most of the gun reform efforts propounded by Democrats – and even some Republicans – would do little to end the spate of violence which now grips the country. Moreover, another utterly incomprehensible slaughter of law enforcement on the eve of the most combustible political convention in nearly a half-century unglues those already fretting about security in Cleveland. If the police aren’t safe, then no one is safe. That means all Constitutional freedoms are in jeopardy, too.

No wonder everyone is flipped out about security at the Republican convention. And we haven’t even gotten to the Democratic convention next week.

Everyone is expecting the Republican convention to erupt into a conflagration – be it a political melee in the hall or violent protests in the streets. The bar is pretty low. But if things actually go well, a successful, relatively calm convention helps establish calm elsewhere. But if things erupt into mayhem, all bets are off.

It’s possible a debate over guns and unrest could dominate the conversation. If so, the trend of police shootings coupled with violence in Cleveland could very well drive Democrats closer to their goal of votes on gun bills.

And that could be the ultimate irony of the Cleveland convention.",1
3354,"Senior Clinton aide maintained top secret clearance amid email probe, letters show","EXCLUSIVE: A senior Hillary Clinton aide has maintained her top secret security clearance despite sending information now deemed classified to the Clinton Foundation and to then-Secretary of State Clinton's private unsecured email account, according to congressional letters obtained by Fox News.

Current and former intelligence officials say it is standard practice to suspend a clearance pending the outcome of an investigation. Yet in the case of Cheryl Mills, Clinton’s former chief of staff at the State Department, two letters indicate this practice is not being followed -- even as the Clinton email system remains the subject of an FBI investigation.

In an Oct. 30, 2015, letter to Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles Grassley, R-Iowa -- who has been aggressively investigating the Clinton email case -- Mills' lawyer Beth A. Wilkinson confirmed that her client “has an active Top Secret clearance."" The letter said previous reporting from the State Department that the clearance was no longer active was wrong and due to ""an administrative error.""

A second letter dated Feb. 18, 2016, from the State Department's assistant secretary for legislative affairs, Julia Frifield, provided additional details to Grassley about the ""administrative error."" It, too, confirmed Mills maintained the top secret clearance.

The letters come amid multiple congressional investigations, as well as an FBI probe focused on the possible gross mishandling of classified information and Clinton's use of an unsecured personal account exclusively for government business. The State Department is conducting its own administrative review.

Under normal circumstances, Mills would have had her clearance terminated when she left the department. But in January 2014, according to the State Department letter, Clinton designated Mills “to assist in her research.” Mills was the one who reviewed Clinton’s emails before select documents were handed over to the State Department, and others were deleted.

Dan Maguire, a former strategic planner with Africom who has 46 years combined service, told Fox News his current and former colleagues are deeply concerned a double standard is at play.

""Had this happened to someone serving in the government, their clearance would have already been pulled, and certainly they would be under investigation. And depending on the level of disclosure, it's entirely possible they would be under pretrial confinement for that matter,"" Maguire explained. ""There is a feeling the administration may want to sweep this under the rug.”

On Monday, the State Department was scheduled to release the final batch of Clinton emails as part of a federal court-mandated timetable.

So far, more than 1,800 have been deemed to contain classified information, and another 22 “top secret” emails have been considered too damaging to national security to release even with heavy redactions.

As Clinton's chief of staff, Mills was a gatekeeper and routinely forwarded emails to Clinton's personal account. As one example, a Jan. 23, ‎2011 email forwarded from Mills to Clinton, called ""Update on DR meeting,"" contained classified information, as well as foreign government information which is ""born classified.""

The 2011 email can be declassified 15 years after it was sent -- indicating it contained classified information when it was sent.

Fox News was first to report that sworn declarations from the CIA notified the intelligence community inspector general and Congress there were ""several dozen emails"" containing classified information up to the most closely guarded government programs known as “Special Access Programs.”

Clinton has maintained all along that she did not knowingly transmit information considered classified at the time.

The U.S. Department of State Foreign Affairs Manual lays out the penalties for taking classified information out of secure government channels – such as an unsecured email system. While the incidents are handled on a ""case by case"" basis, the manual suggests the suspension of a clearance is routine while ""derogatory information"" is reviewed.

The manual says the director of the Diplomatic Security Service, ""based on a recommendation from the Senior Coordinator for Security Infrastructure (DS/SI), will determine whether, considering all facts available upon receipt of the initial information, it is in the interests of the national security to suspend the employee’s access to classified information on an interim basis. A suspension is an independent administrative procedure that does not represent a final determination …”

Fox News has asked the State Department to explain why Mills maintains her clearance while multiple federal and congressional investigations are ongoing. Fox News also asked whether the department was instructed by the FBI or another entity to keep the clearance in place. Fox News has not yet received a response.

Catherine Herridge is an award-winning Chief Intelligence correspondent for FOX News Channel (FNC) based in Washington, D.C. She covers intelligence, the Justice Department and the Department of Homeland Security. Herridge joined FNC in 1996 as a London-based correspondent.

Pamela K. Browne is Senior Executive Producer at the FOX News Channel (FNC) and is Director of Long-Form Series and Specials. Her journalism has been recognized with several awards. Browne first joined FOX in 1997 to launch the news magazine “Fox Files” and later, “War Stories.”",1
4815,How Trump is following in Sanders's fundraising footsteps (+video),"Much like former Democratic primary candidate Bernie Sanders, Donald Trump is wildly popular among small donors, raising millions with contributions of less than $200. But there's no guarantee this pattern will continue for future Republicans.

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump meets supporters after addressing a GOP fundraising event in Birch Run, Mich., in August. Mr. Trump has set new records among small donors for a Republican presidential candidate.

Republican candidate Donald Trump, who did little to establish a fundraising army for his presidential primary campaign, has raked in an unprecedented amount of donations for a Republican candidate in the last three months, leading some to liken his efforts and success to that of Sen. Bernie Sanders (I) of Vermont.

Mr. Trump has already raised nearly $100 million from donors writing checks for less than $200 – an impressive feat considering he only started soliciting donations in May and had just $1.3 million on hand in June, Politico reported. As the numbers roll in, many Republicans are surprised by the real estate mogul’s fundraising success among small donors, noting that Democrats typically rake in a high number of small to moderate donations, while Republicans rely on fewer donors, but larger sums of money.

In 2008 and 2012, Republican candidates John McCain and Mitt Romney pulled in less than $64 million from small donors, The Wall Street Journal reported.

“I’ve never seen anything like this,” a senior Republican operative working with the campaign’s small-dollar fundraising operation, told Politico. “He’s the Republican Obama in terms of online fundraising.”

Or the Senator Sanders, who built his primary campaign with average donations of just $27 and famously said he did not have, or want, a super political action committee (PAC). By soliciting small contributions, Sanders’s campaign was able to raise $229 million through June, while former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton brought in $238 million before the help of super PACs.

“Sanders’s ability to attract small donors has truly been remarkable,” Anthony Corrado, a professor at Colby College who studies campaign finance and presidential elections, told The Atlantic during Sanders’s campaign. “Small-dollar donations have become the bedrock of his campaign, and he has been able to motivate more donors more quickly to raise more money from small amounts than was the case for [Barack] Obama or [Howard] Dean.”

Despite Trump’s latest success among small donors, some say it’s not enough, and that such success comes from different tactics than those used by Democrats.

“I would just put it in the perspective of they’re still not doing as well as they should be doing and they’re doing too little too late,” Kenneth Pennington, the former digital director for Sanders’s campaign, told Politico. “Once they start copying some of things Democrats are doing, then I’ll get worried.”

Instead, Trump is using his name to capitalize on donations, and has offered the chance to have dinner or other meetings with the candidate and his family in return for donations. An email campaign offers autographed copies of Trump’s book, The Art of the Deal, for $184.

Sanders’s campaign, on the other hand, used lengthy appeals over email, sometimes between 1,000 to 2,000 words to garner donations.

“We find that people develop a deeper investment and appreciation for the campaign when they’re being counted as part of something bigger than themselves,” Robin Curran, Sanders’s former digital-production director, told The Atlantic in March.

While Trump’s fundraising success might mirror that of Sanders, it’s worth noting that money wasn’t enough to win the primary for the Vermont senator when he ran against Mrs. Clinton, and there’s no guarantee Trump’s donation bounty will help him fair any better against the Democrat. Some also question whether Trump's success will usher in a new era of small donations for future Republican candidates.

“A lot of them probably don’t realize that 20 percent of the money goes to the RNC otherwise they probably wouldn’t give,” an operative working with the candidate and the RNC, which has started a joint fundraising venture with Trump, told Politico. “People are giving money to the joint fundraising committee because Donald Trump’s name is on it.”",1
4879,Buzzfeed: Leaked Colin Powell Emails Rip 'Racist' Trump as 'National Disgrace',"Former Secretary of State and retired four-star Gen. Colin Powell, who served under three Republican presidents, called Donald Trump ""a national disgrace"" and an ""international pariah"" in a personal email, BuzzFeed News reported.

According to the outlet, the June 17 email to Emily Miller, a journalist who was once Powell's aide, took steely aim at the GOP nominee, saying he ""is in the process of destroying himself, no need for Dems to attack him"" – and at Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, whom Powell wrote ""is calibrating his position again.""

BuzzFeed reported the website DCLeaks.com — which has reported but unconfirmed ties to Russian intelligence services — obtained Powell's emails. BuzzFeed reported it has seen the posts.

According to the outlet, in an Aug. 21 email, Powell blasted Trump for embarking on a ""racist"" movement insinuating President Barack Obama was not born in the United States.

""Yup, the whole birther movement was racist,"" Powell wrote, according to BuzzFeed. ""That's what the 99 percent believe. When Trump couldn't keep that up, he said he also wanted to see if the certificate noted that he was a Muslim.

""As I have said before, 'What if he was?' Muslims are born as Americans everyday.""

Powell also derided former Fox News CEO Roger Ailes, who advises Trump, saying the sex scandal-plagued executive would hurt Trump's chances among women voters.

""And Ailes as an advisor won't heal women, don't you think?'"" Powell wrote, per BuzzFeed.

According to BuzzFeed News, the other emails included:

BuzzFeed said Powell responded to the emails by saying: ""I have no further comment. I'm not denying it.""",1
5067,Life Among the Berned,"“I hope you realize the irony of what she’s doing,” Paul Czisny, a Wisconsin delegate for Bernie Sanders, said, nodding his head backward at a young woman in the stands, a piece of white tape across her mouth that said in stark black letters SILENCED. Periodically, she stood up and photographers rushed over, camera shutters whirring, to snap her admittedly very dramatic portrait.

“She’s able to vote, she’s able to get elected as a delegate, she’s able to come here,” Czisny rolled his eyes. He’s as pissed off as anyone about the business of the Democratic National Committee emails—“it just feeds the frustrations of the Bernie people”—but he was frustrated with people like that young woman. “Unfortunately, all they’re doing is aiding the Trump camp,” he said. “Virtually no one here”—meaning the Bernie delegates—“is going to vote for Trump, but will they stay home? Will they vote for Jill Stein [of the Green Party]? I find this maddening because we’ve seen this movie before, and if we think Bush was a disaster, Trump will be an even bigger disaster.”

Like the other Bernie supporters in the Wisconsin delegation, he doesn’t love Hillary Clinton, but he would do the adult thing and vote for her come November. “Because I’m not selfish,” says 22-year-old Bernie activist Hailey Storsved, who led the student movement for Sanders at her university. “It’s kind of like saying, ‘I’m taking my ball and going home.’”

Monday night's Democratic National Convention felt, at times, like an unsettled argument—a restive Sanders contingent looking for opportunities to boo the primary opponent he'd been railing against for months, and boo everyone she'd invited to support her. But a big part of the argument was underway within the Sanders camp itself: How long to hold out against your own party's nominee? This is politics, after all: At what point did principle become a kind of vanity?

I tried to talk to the young woman with the tape over her mouth, but she refused to communicate, silenced as she was. Instead, she showed me a Facebook post she wrote. “The DNC is threatening that they might pull my credentials if I don’t take this off,” she wrote of her mouth tape. Her name is Angie Aker. “They want to truly silence me. They don’t even want me to have this much free speech.”

A follow-up question about who she was and why she felt silenced resulted in her showing me her screen: another Facebook post. “FOR THE MEDIA LOOKING FOR CONTEXT ON MY “SILENCED” CRY FOR HELP: the establishment wants us to lie for them and say we are behind Hillary when it’s clear there hasn’t even been a fair primary,” she wrote. “I’m desperate to show somehow it’s not true.”

Then she ran out of Facebook posts to show me, and commandeered my notepad to scribble me notes, like a modern Beethoven. “Everyone has to vote their conscience,” she wrote, echoing Ted Cruz at last week’s Republican convention. “I don’t know who I’ll vote for. But I know I won’t cast my vote out of fear anymore.”

“We’re talking about the political maturation of left-wing politics,” said Peter Rickman, a young man leading the Wisconsin delegation, a longtime left-wing activist, and a Sanders supporter. He was going to get behind Clinton, rallying fellow Bernie-ites to her side because, as he said, “We don’t need to love Hillary, but we need to mobilize so that, after November, we’re fighting for a progressive agenda under a Clinton White House and not being on the defensive in a proto-fascist regime.” When I asked him about the silenced woman in his delegation, he too rolled his eyes at Aker. He leaned in conspiratorially. “She runs Upworthy,” he said, referring to the social media site. “Soon someone is going to put two and two together that she’s just doing this to get personal attention.” (Aker actually works in video licensing for the site.)

There was a periodic booing from behind the very polite and very pragmatic Wisconsin delegation, most of whom seemed at peace with the need to vote for Clinton in the fall. “Oh, that’s not us,” one of them told me. “That’s New Mexico.”

Up a few rows was the New Mexico delegation, which was in the thick of a civil war.

“No, never,” said a young man named Rusty Pearce, a Sanders delegate from the state. “This is a political revolution and a political revolution doesn’t just stop.”

“We will continue to work to elect progressives up and down the ticket,” said a freckled middle-aged woman named Nicole Renee Peters. She also wasn’t voting for Hillary. “I’m not for Hillary and I’m not for Trump,” she said defiantly. “I will never vote for Hillary.” Most of their state delegation, they both told me confidently, was for Sanders and felt the same way.

“Unfortunately, that’s not true,” chimed in an older woman named Theresa Trujeque standing next to me with a Hillary sign. “The majority is for Hillary.” Twenty-four delegates out of 43 were for Hillary.

“That’s with the superdelegates!” Peters and Pearce interjected.

After some squabbling and eye-rolling at me—Can you believe her? Can you believe these two?—they agreed that there were 18 delegates for Hillary and 16 for Bernie.

“They’ve been telling us to shut up all day,” Peters complained to me.

“They’ve been fighting and booing all day,” Trujeque complained to me.

“They’ve been fighting with the poor delegates with Indiana,” Trujeque scolded. “It’s not respectable.”

“Well, I don’t find it respectable that Hillary Clinton lied under oath!”

“I’ve been involved in the Democratic Party for years and there’s no fraud, no corruption we take care of everyone. Some people have never been involved.”

“I’ve been involved for many years!”

“That’s because I’ve lived in New Mexico for almost a whole year!”

“Well, then don’t try to change us New Mexicans!”

The Bernie people told me elaborate tales of how the DNC outfoxed and cheated them at every turn—and there were very many turns, so many we had to keep going over them for clarity until they pointed defiantly to a young man, the communications director for the New Mexico delegation, eyeing them nervously. “He’s going to take our credentials away as soon as this interview is over!” one of them said. It was the first the young man, named Joe Kaburek, heard of it. “We need to do a better job of talking to them,” he said diplomatically.

In Cleveland, a Cruz underground refused to concede and get behind the party’s nominee, and their candidate gave them the satisfaction of a principled last stand: He refused to endorse a man they loathed with every fiber of their being. In Philadelphia, the Bernie holdouts had no such luck. Their man endorsed a woman they loathe with every fiber of their being, and asked them to vote for her in November. Instead of getting booed, like Cruz, they were the ones doing the booing. They booed Lilly Ledbetter, they booed Cory Booker, and they managed to refrain from booing Michelle Obama. When Elizabeth Warren spoke, the Bernie holdouts of Michigan sat there in grim anger, arms crossed, fake birds pinned to their hats. They liked Warren, but didn’t like that she was selling out to Hillary. “Not for sale!” some of them yelled.



When Bernie emerged on stage, they screamed his name and his slogans—“This is what democracy looks like!” Many of them cried and refused to believe it was over. “It’s not over!” some of them shouted. “Nooooo!” others hollered. Up and down this Midwestern section, Bernie supporters who so reviled superdelegates were praying for them to see the light and switch to Bernie’s side Tuesday, thereby annulling the popular vote of the Democratic primary, which had not been in their favor. “You never know how many people have turned since WikiLeaks!” one Michigan delegate told the correspondent of Michigan Radio. She held out hope that Tuesday's vote would tilt toward Bernie.

“Are you going to vote for Hillary in November?” the reporter asked her.

“I’m voting for Bernie tomorrow,” she said, defiantly. “He asked us to vote for him tomorrow.”

“He also asked for you to vote for Hillary in November,” the reporter pressed.

Nearby, a schoolteacher named Tammy Lewis sat weeping softly. “We’ll never have a chance like this again,” she said, dabbing her dark eyes with a white tissue. Her husband, she said, was a NAFTA victim and she wasn’t about to let TPP destroy her family a second time. But she was at a loss after Bernie’s speech. “He’s doing what he has to do,” she said with a melancholy admiration. “He knows he has to stop Trump. He’s a good man.”

“I’m voting for Bernie tomorrow, that’s what I came here to do,” she said with a quiet sadness. Would she vote for Hillary in the fall, as Bernie had asked of her? “Maybe,” she said, lost. “I don’t know. I know I have to stop Trump, too. But the choice is either I press the pause button or go back in time with Trump.” She rose to leave and wiped her eyes.

“It’s not what I wanted,” she said, and left the hall.",1
4961,Opinion: The flaws of Trumpspeak,"Michael D'Antonio is the author of the new book , ""The Truth About Trump."" The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.

(CNN) America seems to be catching onto the flaws of ""Trumpspeak"" -- the GOP candidate's method, perfected over decades in the public eye, of winning attention and creating an illusion of unbounded success.

Polls in key swing states and nationally now show him well behind Hillary Clinton and some of his rhetorical tricks, like the use of ""people are saying"" to spread falsehoods while avoiding responsibility for them, have become popular memes

Still, anything can happen with nearly three months left to go in the election. So it's instructive to look at the five elements of Trumpspeak:

The media record is littered with moments when Donald Trump appeared to set a new mark for outrageousness that even he couldn't surpass. Then came another day and a new bizarre performance. The current example of the presidential candidate at his Trumpiest is the argument that President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are the ""founder"" and ""co-founder"" of ISIS.

2) The art of the false claim

Although Trump routinely attacks the press for its supposed bias, he consistently promotes arguments with little basis in fact and no specific sources. With phrases like ""many people are saying"" and ""I'm hearing,"" Trump manages to insert unsubstantiated notions into the electoral discourse without taking responsibility for the messages he's sending.

Trump's innuendo had no basis in fact. When he spoke, the president's short form birth record had been released by officials in Hawaii, and there was no mystery about his college years. Nevertheless, Trump built a following with this method and continues to use it.

4) I'm a winner (even when I'm not)

How is it that someone who cares so much about numbers as represented in his business record and ratings comes to declare himself a winner in ways that can be so readily refuted? It's possible that the template was established so long ago that it's an ingrained habit.

When I interviewed Trump, he told me more than once that in his youth he had been the best high school baseball player in New York State. In those years, the Empire State was home to several future major leaguers and at least one future Hall of Famer. The players who competed in big city leagues played against the toughest opponents. Trump played for a tiny school that squared-off against other small schools in Upstate New York. The chance that he was ""the best"" is practically zero.

Why does he do it?

Gingrich cited the comments about Obama and ISIS as an example. ""I know what Trump has in his mind, but that's not what people hear,"" said Gingrich. In a rare case of self-correction, Trump explained that he was practicing ""sarcasm"" when he linked Obama to the founding of ISIS. He offered the same explanation when he mused about how Russian hackers should muck around in Clinton's email accounts.

Trump's excuses, like his behavior, resemble what one might expect from a bullying child who is caught tormenting a sibling. Any adult who has ever interceded in this kind of conflict knows to expect to hear ""I was only kidding"" and ""Can't you take a joke?"" from the kid who is doing the harm. In Trump's case, of course, the childishness does harm to the country as a whole and, as the case of Tur suggests, poses a real threat to specific individuals.

Trump is the same person he was as a boy. ""When I look at myself in the first grade and I look at myself now, I'm basically the same,"" Trump once told me. ""The temperament is not that different.""

Having studied Trump intently over the last three years, I would agree that he's the same person he was as a child, but I would peg the exact date to the summer between seventh and eighth grade. It was then that his parents, exasperated over his behavior, sent him away to a military academy because they couldn't handle him. There he was plunged into a cruel and often violent environment where grown men trained young men by smacking them around. In the meantime, his four siblings were comforted in the luxury of the Trump mansion, peacefully attended by domestic help and educated at posh private schools.

Trump was, by his own admission, an out-of-control child, and he says that he needed the discipline he got at the military academy. I agree, but I don't think the discipline took. This is what the more sober minded elders of the GOP, Gingrich included, are discovering now. Trump is still the unruly child who will not be tamed. The chances of him accepting discipline now, at age 70, after a lifetime of accumulating wealth, power and attention, are slim to none.",1
1051,Axelrod: The slow-motion implosion of the Republican Party,"David Axelrod is CNN's senior political commentator and host of the podcast "" The Axe Files. "" He was senior adviser to President Barack Obama and chief strategist for the 2008 and 2012 Obama campaigns. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.

That's where the Republican Party finds itself today, both in its nominating battle and in its implacable ""not even a hearing"" stance on the Supreme Court nomination of Judge Merrick Garland.

Privately, and to some degree publicly, Republicans seem resigned to death in November by fire or by hanging. The prolonged nominating process is merely a means of determining the nature of the execution and limiting the risk to other candidates on the ballot.

The normal pattern of GOP nominating contests for the past two decades is that the party endures heated primary fights between populist, evangelical and center-right candidates, only to settle on the leading establishment choice.

Having stoked anti-Obama fever in order to score midterm victories at the polls and then failed to deliver on pledges to derail major elements of the President's agenda, the party elite now finds itself overrun by a wave of outrage and discontent.

That wave has carried Donald Trump to the brink of the nomination, a hostile takeover that so horrifies the Republican establishment that many are now turning in desperation to a man they dislike almost as much as the prospect of Trump as their standard-bearer.

Sen. Ted Cruz's entire tenure since his arrival in Washington in 2013 has been dedicated to taunting a Republican leadership he views as accommodationist.

He called Majority Leader Mitch McConnell a ""liar"" on the floor of the Senate. He led the party over the cliff of a government shutdown in a vain effort to derail Obamacare. To this day, he casts his campaign as one to upend ""the Washington cartel"" of insiders and lobbyists who he says have betrayed the GOP and the country.

Now, that same ""cartel"" is slowly and grudgingly embracing Cruz, who is currently running a distant second to Trump, as their last, best hope to deprive the bilious billionaire of the 1,237 delegates he needs to win the nomination.

Sen. Lindsey Graham's painfully tepid ""endorsement"" of Cruz last week, followed by Mitt Romney's announcement that he would stand up for the Texas senator in Tuesday's Utah caucuses, reflected the dilemma in which the GOP finds itself.

In backing Cruz, neither of these pillars of the Republican establishment spent a whole lot of time extolling his virtues, focusing instead on the man they are desperate to stop.

""Today, there is a contest between Trumpism and Republicanism,"" Romney said. ""Through the calculated statements of its leader, Trumpism has become associated with racism, misogyny, bigotry, xenophobia, vulgarity and, most recently, threats and violence. I am repulsed by each and every one of these.""

So he's for the other guy.

Jeb Bush followed in similarly measured fashion on Wednesday.

Many are gravitating to Cruz, arguing, as Bush did, that his predictable views are more plausible in a Republican nominee than the philosophically promiscuous, cult of personality spectacle that is Trump.

""I don't like Cruz, but I can defend most of his positions with a straight face,"" one prominent Republican leader told me. ""I don't know how I go on TV and make an argument for Trump.""

There is a potential bonus of a Cruz nomination, this party leader explained. For the past several cycles, conservative activists have complained that by nominating relatively moderate candidates -- Romney in '12 and Sen. John McCain in '08 -- the party spurned its base and depressed Republican turnout.

""Let's have Cruz, and we will put that issue to rest,"" said this party leader, convinced that the Texan's appeal, pitched to evangelicals and the right, is too narrow to command a general election. ""If it's Trump, there will be no resolution. Each side will blame the other for the disaster.""

But all these efforts to stop Trump may well be too late. Even if they succeed in depriving him of the delegates he needs to clinch the nomination, his victory in Arizona's winner-take-all primary meant Trump probably will come close.

That would leave the party establishment in the unhappy position of either embracing the front-runner or courting a rebellion among his supporters by dumping him. And while a few weeks ago, many still talked hopefully about swapping in a fresh and more appealing recruit -- say, House Speaker Paul Ryan -- the somber realization is seeping in that it will be hard enough to topple Trump, much less bypass Cruz at the same time.

Though Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, would enter a general election campaign with historically high negatives, she is running well ahead of Trump, whose unfavorable ratings eclipse even hers.

Cruz runs a tighter race in early polls. But as a factional candidate, his ability to grow is very much in question.

Only Gov. John Kasich is outrunning Clinton in general election trial heats. But Kasich has won just one of the first 37 nominating contests -- his own state of Ohio -- and netted not one delegate in Tuesday's races in Arizona and Utah.

Kasich's brand of compassionate conservatism might sell in a general, and he would be a comfortable choice for the party establishment. But he has struggled to find traction within a party riven by anger.

The party leaders are prisoners of their base.

Base politics also has trapped the Republican leadership when it comes to Obama's nomination of Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court.

While some opponents have portrayed Garland as a threat to the Second Amendment, his record over 19 years on the federal bench makes it hard to paint the judge out of the mainstream. He is more liberal than Republicans in the Senate would prefer but as moderate a choice as they probably would get from any Democratic president.

A solid majority of Americans feels that the Senate should take up the Garland nomination rather than allowing the seat, left vacant by the death in February of Justice Antonin Scalia, to go unfilled for more than a year.

But were Garland seated to replace Scalia, a conservative judicial icon, he would shift the balance of the court, giving it a majority of Democratic appointees for the first time in decades.

That's why McConnell has ordained that the Garland nomination will not get even a hearing, much less a vote.

The right has threatened summary expulsion for any Senate Republican who breaks ranks with the majority leader over Garland.

Erick Erickson, an influential conservative commentator, threw down the gauntlet on my podcast, ""The Axe Files.""

""If Republicans cave, I mean, this would be more the end of the Republican Party than Donald Trump,"" he said. ""Because, I mean, going back to Ronald Reagan's election in 1980, the Supreme Court has been the issue of the Republican Party. It comes up in every campaign -- presidential campaign, it comes up in every congressional campaign, every even-numbered year. And if the Republicans were then to say in this year -- after years of saying, 'The Supreme Court hangs in the balance; you must vote Republican' -- 'Hey, we're going to go through with this,' it would be game over.""

All this has put the six Republican senators running for re-election in states that voted for Obama in a terrible bind. Swing voters in those states, already probably influenced by the presidential race, also would be among those favoring action on the Garland nomination.

That group includes Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley of Iowa, who suddenly is facing a challenge from a former Democratic lieutenant governor, the aptly named Patty Judge.

Playing base politics -- tolerating nativism, birtherism and promising obstruction at every turn -- could cost Republicans the presidency and threaten control of the Senate.

And if the GOP crashes and burns, it will probably get a more liberal court nominee than Garland from the next President Clinton.

For seven years, the GOP establishment knowingly and cynically rode the anti-Obama tiger, feeding the beast with a steady diet of red meat.

Now, whatever happens at the Cleveland convention, the party elite may wind up as dinner.",1
3971,"France, Belgium move to tighten security; FBI said to warn of threat in Italy","Responding to rising threats across Europe, France on Thursday sought to extend a sweeping state of emergency for three months, as Belgium proposed tough new measures to detain and monitor suspects who support jihadist groups.

The calls for a crackdown came as French prosecutors confirmed Thursday that the accused ringleader of the Nov. 13 terrorist attacks in Paris was killed in a massive pre-dawn police raid Wednesday. The death of Abdelhamid Abaaoud, a Belgian militant of Moroccan descent, did little to calm European unease about the specter of more attacks.

In Italy, officials said the FBI had warned of a specific threat in Vatican City, Rome and Milan.

In an ominous address — echoing the debate in the U.S. Congress after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks — French Prime Minister Manuel Valls said authorities must imagine that the grimmest threats are possible.

“We know and bear in mind that there is also a risk of chemical or biological weapons,” Valls told Parliament during debate on extending the country’s state of emergency. The temporary measure was enacted immediately after the deadly multi-pronged attacks on Paris that killed at least 129 people and wounded more than 350.

French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve warned that now “it is necessary to move fast and hard.”

He said that “all Europe must work together to defeat terrorism” and called for an emergency meeting of the continent’s interior ministers Friday.

Some European leaders seemed prepared to sweep aside cherished traditions that protect rights to privacy and civil liberties.

In Belgium, Prime Minister Charles Michel pressed Parliament to pass tough measures to imprison citizens returning home from fighting in Syria and to broaden law enforcement’s ability to tap phones and detain suspects for three days without charges. He called for shutting down Web sites that advocate for jihad, or Islamic holy war.

The moves came as fears ratcheted up across Europe of more hidden terrorist cells preparing similar strikes.

Italian Foreign Minister Paolo Gentiloni said Italian security forces were “working to identify five people” who may be planning attacks on St. Peter’s Basilica in Vatican City, Milan’s Duomo or the La Scala opera house.

The U.S. State Department issued a travel warning to American citizens visiting Italy, calling those landmarks “potential targets” but also flagging possible threats to “churches, synagogues, restaurants, theaters and hotels” in Rome and Milan.

Gentiloni told the Italian state television network RAI that the FBI provided information about the five possible suspects.

The three-month extension of emergency laws would grant the French government powers to conduct stops and searches, ban large gatherings in public places, and put suspected extremists under house arrest.

The measure, approved in the National Assembly on Thursday, now goes to the French Senate for expected final backing Friday.

In Belgium, police searched at least eight homes in connection with Bilal Hadfi, 20, one of the suicide bombers in the Paris attacks, and Salah Abdeslam, 26, a fugitive believed to have been involved in the attacks but who slipped away amid the chaos.

Nine people were arrested, including friends and family of Hadfi, who blew himself up outside the Stade de France north of Paris during a soccer match between France and Germany. He and six other assailants died in the series of attacks on multiple targets, which also included the Bataclan concert hall and several restaurants and bars.

[Islamic State is losing ground. Will that mean more attacks overseas?]

Michel, the Belgian prime minister, asked Parliament for new measures that would require immediate jailing for citizens returning from presumed militant activity in Syria, where the Islamic State has some of its main strongholds. Under the request, those on terrorist watch lists — about 800 residents in Belgium currently — would be forced to wear ankle bracelets to track their movements.

Further proposed measures called for the deployment of 300 troops and more leeway in conducting house raids. Michel also called for stronger border controls — an appeal that highlights wider debates across the European Union on how to reconcile its policies of control-free travel with demands to combat the Islamic State and other militant factions.

Some of the proposed rules, including mandatory registration of all passengers boarding high-speed trains and planes, would affect a significant portion of the population.

In Brussels, a top magistrate, Karel Van Cauwenberge, said he was concerned that the new measures could be abused by law enforcement. “I understand in the fight against terrorism, people want to go far, but we still have to be cautious,” he said. “Depriving people of their freedom for three days is extreme.”

The E.U. planned an extraordinary meeting Friday to focus on how to stem the traffic in firearms, much of it coming from the formerly ­conflict-ridden Balkans, and on setting common standards for deactivating old guns.

E.U. officials will also discuss ways to enable border police to check passports against a police database. Another issue for the bloc is whether to allow security services to have access to passenger lists, as they do in the United States.

[Will ISIS losses mean more attacks overseas?]

In Germany, where the threat of a terrorist attack forced the cancellation of an international soccer match Tuesday, politicians studied plans to deploy the army to aid the police and protect possible terrorist targets, including train stations and stadiums. The proposal was dividing the German government.

The police raid Wednesday north of Paris was in part a response to what French officials thought was a plan to stage a follow-up terrorist attack in La Defense, a financial district northwest of Paris, two police officials and an investigator close to the probe said. The officials spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief members of the media.

President Obama, during a ­visit to the Philippines, spoke by phone with French President François Hollande, the White House said. The two leaders plan to meet next week in Washington to review strategies against the Islamic State.

Mekhennet reported from Paris. Annabell Van den Berghe in Brussels, Brian Murphy in Washington, David Nakamura in Manila, Daniela Deane in London, and Anthony Faiola, Virgile Demoustier, Emily Badger and Karla Adam in Paris contributed to this report.

The long war against Islamist extremism has become more complicated than ever

In a neighborhood under siege, ‘it seemed like real war’

Suspected architect of Paris attacks is dead, according to two senior intelligence officials",1
1714,"Mulling 2016 run, Biden speaks with top labor leader","Harold A. Schaitberger, the president of the powerful International Association of Fire Fighters, spoke Friday morning with Vice President Joe Biden, who strongly indicated in the phone conversation that he is planning to run for president, a source familiar with the discussion said.

The IAFF is one of the most influential labor groups in the U.S. Biden is especially close to labor, which could be a key constituency for him if he seeks the White House.

Schaitberger declined to comment on the call, saying he does not discuss private conversations. But the source said Biden talked about campaign strategy with Schaitberger and indicated a final decision on whether he would run for president is imminent.",1
4344,"Marco Rubio, announcing 2016 campaign, focuses on 'everyman' credentials (+video)","It’s not that Americans won’t elect wealthy presidents, but political experts say a candidate needs to use empathetic language and offer policies that show relatability to voters. Sen. Marco Rubio tried to do this Monday.

Florida Sen. Marco Rubio officially announced his intention to run for president of the United States at an event in Miami's Freedom Tower Monday evening.

Call him the un-Mitt. In announcing his presidential candidacy on Monday, Sen. Marco Rubio (R) of Florida highlighted his “everyman” credentials: the son of Cuban immigrants – his father was a bartender and his mother a maid – who was able to achieve an American dream that he wants to make sure is operative for future generations.

On Monday, there were no Mitt Romney insensitivities about a wife’s “couple of Cadillacs” or about immigrants deporting themselves. As Senator Rubio commented after Mr. Romney’s defeat in 2012, “It’s hard to make an economic argument to people who think you want to deport their grandmother.”

What Rubio was getting at back then was the Republican nominee’s apparent lack of empathy for voters. Pollsters measure that with questions such as: Does the candidate “understand” or “care about” people like you?

In 2012, Romney failed the empathy test big time, losing the “care about” question 81 to 18 percent against President Obama in national exit polling – even though he led in every other category that voters said mattered most in making their decision (leadership, vision, and values).

The empathy question is “very, very important, and probably in the end is the ultimate criteria,” says Democratic pollster Celinda Lake.

The question “is particularly important right now because voters think politicians are out of touch with their lives. They think this economy is not working for average people,” says Ms. Lake, known for the Battleground poll she does with GOP pollster Ed Goeas.

It’s not that Americans won’t elect wealthy presidents – think FDR, JFK, and the Bushes. “One does not need to come from humble roots to be president,” says Margie Omero, a Democratic strategist with the bipartisan polling firm Purple Strategies. But, she says, a candidate needs to strike the right tone, use empathetic language, and offer policies that show relatability to voters.

“Clearly one of Marco Rubio’s strengths is his ability to put himself in the shoes of voters or at least use the language that’s familiar to voters,” Ms. Omero says. “He has a skill at using that everyman, everyperson tone. Ultimately, people want to see policies as well.”

On Monday evening, Rubio poured on the empathy and optimism, even as he warned about a “diminished” America and endangered opportunity for all. He touched only briefly on policy points – citing a need for tax and immigration reform, the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, and a robust foreign policy that does not cave on Iran or ignore human rights abuses in places like Cuba.

The youngest candidate to enter the race jabbed his older opponents, saying the country needs leadership that breaks free from ideas ""stuck in the 20th century,"" an indirect dig at Hillary Rodham Clinton and Republican Jeb Bush.

But Rubio’s main focus before supporters at Miami’s Freedom Tower, which is a former US point of entry for Cuban refugees, was his family’s story of opportunity in America, and its universal message.

After telling of his dad’s long nights behind a bar, and of his father’s words to him – quoted in Spanish – that the son could achieve all the things the parents never could, Rubio went on to speak of the dreams of other Americans – of single moms, students, landscape workers, and, yes, bartenders.

“If their American dreams become impossible, we will have just become another country. But if they succeed, this 21st century will also be an American century,” he said, describing that as the message of his campaign.

Democrats typically have an advantage on the empathy question, say strategists from both parties. But demographic changes in the electorate make it a necessity that Republicans improve that performance.

The GOP white voter base is shrinking – a point driven home during presidential election years, when more minorities come out to vote. Romney won only 27 percent of the Hispanic vote in 2012. The 2016 GOP nominee will have to perform in the mid-40s with Latinos, says GOP pollster – and Rubio adviser – Whit Ayres.

“It’s important for [Republicans] to do better on ‘cares about people like me,’ because you’re going to have an electorate that’s going to be around 31 percent nonwhite,” said Mr. Ayres at a Monitor breakfast last month.

Of course, the electorate is big and diverse, and “people like me” can be, well, everyone: women, Evangelicals, African-Americans, young people, seniors, business owners, the middle class.

“It’s certainly a lot to ask of any one candidate to be able to understand everybody,” strategist Omero says. “People don’t expect presidential candidates to agree with them on every single issue, but that that person has an open mind and that they love the voter – they want to hear about the voter’s problems.”

At this early stage in the campaign, candidates – and those preparing to jump in – have room to grow in their messaging and identification with voters, Omero says, noting that none of the candidates are really popular right now.

Sen. Ted Cruz (R) of Texas, in reaching out to conservative Evangelicals, likes to share his faith and tell the story of how his boyhood family was preserved by his father’s turning to Jesus Christ. His father – who fled Cuba when he was 18 years old – eventually became a Baptist preacher.

Sen. Rand Paul (R) of Kentucky, who has a strong libertarian streak, is reaching out to Millennials and minorities through casualness in his dress and manner, some unorthodox policy positions, and a message that bashes both Democrats and Republicans.

Wisconsin’s Republican Gov. Scott Walker, who has not yet formally announced his candidacy, talks of his concerns as a parent and as someone who grew up in a “kind of poor” household, supported by his preacher father and a mother who was a part-time secretary. He flipped burgers to help pay for college – which he never finished.

“They’re positioning themselves against Jeb Bush,” pollster Lake says.

Meanwhile, Mrs. Clinton, too, needs to connect with voters in an empathetic way – not so much on policy, but in her manner and personal story.

Her comment last year that she and Bill were “dead broke” when they left the White House was a turnoff to many. In the video announcing her campaign Sunday, she vowed to serve as a ""champion"" of ""everyday Americans.""

“I think people feel that she is fighting for them – that she has the policies in place and experience and dedication of service to fight for the middle class,” says Omero. “But she, like the Republican field, is going to need to continue to connect to individual voters.”",1
5219,Pence's Debate Performance Puts Pressure on Trump | RealClearPolitics,"The Donald Trump campaign is setting a high bar for the Republican nominee’s next debate performance.

Campaign advisers and surrogates believe the town hall format of Sunday’s forum will be advantageous for Trump, who feeds off energy from crowds, and will showcase his non-traditional campaign style. Trump is also going to rehearse for his second showdown with Hillary Clinton, after appearing unprepared in his first matchup, with a town hall Thursday night in New Hampshire.

“Mr. Trump does very well in town halls. That’s because he connects with real people. That’s because he’s not a politician,” Jason Miller, the campaign’s communications director, said after Tuesday night’s vice presidential debate.

The largely well-received performance by running mate Mike Pence in his matchup with Tim Kaine adds pressure to the man on the top of the ticket. The Indiana governor excelled on the debate stage in areas Trump did not -- namely, refusing his opponent’s bait and deflecting criticisms. Pence sat in stark contrast to Trump in terms of his ability to stay steady and stridently on message, and some conservatives delighted in his articulation of conservative principles and topics that have been generally ignored by the GOP nominee.

In many ways, Pence provided a map for Trump, and shifted the discussion, if even for a moment, away from the worst several days of the candidate’s campaign. The vice presidential candidate’s showing lays the groundwork for Trump, who has little room for error on delivering.

But the campaign has also been careful to draw a distinction between the two men on the GOP ticket. Asked whether Pence would be helping Trump with debate preparation or giving advice, campaign manager Kellyanne Conway told RealClearPolitics there were no plans to get the governor involved because they are different candidates with different styles and personalities. During interviews, Conway dismissed the notion of Pence upstaging the top of the ticket and argued that the governor’s performance displayed Trump’s good character judgment.

Indeed, Trump took credit for the debate. “Mike Pence did an incredible job, and I'm getting a lot of credit,” Trump said during a campaign rally in Nevada on Wednesday, noting the governor was his “first hire” after clinching the GOP nomination. “He was cool, he was smart ... Mike had the single most decisive victory in the history of presidential debates.”

Pence played the good soldier afterward. “From where I sat, Donald Trump won the debate,” he said Wednesday, kicking off a bus tour in Virginia before routing through Pennsylvania and Ohio.

Pence displayed his loyalty to his ticket while also buying some protection for his own future in politics, defending his running mate through deflection. He denied controversial statements made by Trump regarding women, Mexicans, nuclear weapons, and Russian aggression, among other issues. He went so far as to dismiss his own past praise of Vladimir Putin’s leadership in Russia, a statement that is easily accessible online. At the same time, he showed daylight between himself and Trump at points, calling Putin “small and bullying,” for example. But the dismissals and denials were often overshadowed by his ability to quickly turn back to prosecuting Clinton.

If Pence offered lessons in debating and preparation, it’s not clear whether and how Trump will take them. He figures to give some indication Thursday night, through an invitation-only, town hall-style forum in New Hampshire, a state he won in the primary and where he visited just last week.

While Trump gains energy from crowds at large rallies, he is less practiced at some of the more intimate town hall events. During the general election, he has participated in televised formats with Fox News host Sean Hannity, but those contained more favorable crowds and questions.

“The town hall format ideally helps showcase a candidate's relatability,” says GOP strategist Kevin Madden, who was a top adviser for the Mitt Romney campaign. “[Trump is] very good when it comes to connecting with large crowds and feeding off of their energy. The town hall format is more sedate. It also requires a lot of prep, and Trump has shown an aversion towards prep.”

The Trump team, though, isn’t using the candidate’s inexperience with the format to set low expectations, as campaigns typically do. Conway said on Fox News Wednesday morning that Trump will deliver a “powerful performance” on Sunday night in St. Louis. “It’s a much better format for him than Hillary Clinton. He’s more practiced dealing with people one on one. He’s going to take the case right to her.”

The more intimate and personality-revealing format could pose challenges for Trump, who has talked about raising the specter of former President Bill Clinton’s infidelities. He will have to answer questions from voters who may not agree with him or support him. The setting also places an emphasis on body language and movement around the stage.

The Clinton campaign, seeing an uptick in polling after the first debate, is helping to set the higher expectations for Trump.

“We are expecting him to be better prepared for the next debate,” campaign manager Robby Mook said Tuesday night. “We know that there is a calm, cool, and collected Donald Trump that can show up, and we expect that that’s what will happen. He has stated that he will make all sorts of … attacks. We actually don’t expect that. We think that he understands that that is not the right strategy.”",1
1711,Hillary’s Faberge egg candidacy,"**Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.**

Buzz Cut:

 • Hillary’s Faberge egg candidacy

 • O’Malley: ‘Contrasts will become apparent’

 • Power Play: Border surge redux

 • 2016 GOP Power Index: Christie tries to get a rally going

 • The bull is back

HILLARY’S FABERGE EGG CANDIDACY

 New Hampshire is a happy place for Hillary Clinton. It was there in 1992 that her husband saved his candidacy, with her help, from the sex scandal that was about to consume it. Bill Clinton’s second-place finish was enough to keep his campaign on track. Sixteen years later, a tearful plea to New Hampshire voters

helped her win there and break the momentum of upstart Barack Obama, setting up an arduous six-month battle for the nomination. On this visit, Clinton needs no comeback. There is no contest among Democrats, so far. But there is danger. With independent and moderate voters likely to be drawn to the high-octane, wide-open GOP nominating contest, the Democratic primary electorate will likely be more liberal than it was in 2012. If Clinton is going to be again denied the presidency, New Hampshire would be a good place for the revolution to begin. But so far, Democrats are falling in line.

 

 [Clinton tours Whitney Brothers, Inc., a family-owned small business, today in Keene, New Hampshire. She will participate in a roundtable discussion with employees and company leadership.]

 

 As Clinton tries to have it both ways on issues like free trade, she is counting on Democrats to indulge her. Clinton’s strategy appears to be based on an expectation that her party will continue to treat her candidacy as something rare, fragile and valuable – the Faberge egg candidate. But the handling keeps getting rougher. As the NYT reports today, a bombshell book is due out soon that makes the case that the Clintons’ massive fortune was amassed in part with the help of overseas patrons, some very unsavory. “The book, a copy of which was obtained by The New York Times, asserts that foreign entities who made payments to the Clinton Foundation and to Mr. Clinton through high speaking fees received favors from Mrs. Clinton’s State Department in return.” The scandals around Clinton continue to remind Democrats what they don’t like about their presumptive nominee.

 

 [WashEx: “Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is drawing a populist bead on lavish Wall Street pay packages as she revs up her march to the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination, but in some respects the fat-per-speech fee she can charge puts her far ahead of the top 10 highest-paid American CEOs.”]

 

 If at any time Democrats start taking her challengers seriously, Clinton could find herself in serious trouble. But that is a very big “if.” None so far look plausible, though former Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley is hovering closer to that space. Even so, she remains a prohibitive favorite. The chances, though, of Clinton having to defend her record and explain her ethical lapses in the context of a primary campaign seem to be growing steadily. Can Clinton, baggage-laden and with so many unanswered questions really avoid participating in debates? A candidate who still hasn’t answered a single tough question or spoken to any reporter a full week after declaring would appear to be living in some denial.

 

 [Watch Fox: Chief White House Correspondent Ed Henry reports live from New Hampshire.]

 

 O’MALLEY: ‘CONTRASTS WILL BECOME APPARENT’

 NPR: “Martin O'Malley, former governor of Maryland, says he’ll decide by late May if he’s running for president. … O’Malley is positioning himself to Clinton’s left, and even President Obama's left. He’s for a much higher minimum wage, and against a major trade deal - the Trans-Pacific Partnership. In an interview with NPR's Steve Inskeep, O’Malley also said he wants to increase Social Security benefits, even though some people would pay more taxes. … Last month, he addressed a crowd in Iowa while standing on a chair. Last week, he gave a speech at Harvard. And this week, he’s in the early primary state of South Carolina. ‘I’ve been an executive and a progressive executive with a record of accomplishments,’ the former Baltimore mayor said of the difference between him and Clinton. ‘I think contrasts will become apparent.’”

 

 [CBS: “‘I believe that if you have the executive experience, the ideas that can serve our nation well, and the ability to govern, you should offer your candidacy and then let the people decide. If we do that, then we can be the party that leads our country into the future,’ O'Malley said in an interview with CBS’ ‘Face the Nation’ Sunday. ‘But we won’t do it unless we offer ideas for the future and break with things like bad trade deals, the systematic deregulation of Wall Street that many Democrats were complicit in and helped get us into this mess.’”]

 

 Webb bashes Iran deal - WashEx: “Former Sen. Jim Webb, D-Va., on Sunday criticized the White House’s proposed nuclear deal with Iran, saying that the administration’s negotiators had given away too much and that would create further problems in the Middle East. ‘We don't want to be sending signals into this region that we are acquiescing to the situation where Iran might become more dominant,’ Webb, a potential 2016 Democratic presidential candidate and former secretary of the U.S. Navy, said in an appearance on the CNN program ‘State Of The Union.’”

 

 Chaffee stays on Hillary’s Iraq war support - The Hill: “[Former Rhode Island Gov. Lincoln Chafee’s] way of making a name for himself against his newly adopted party’s frontrunner is to hit the former secretary of State particularly hard on the issue that was a liability in her failed 2008 run. ‘She needs to be asked hard questions about her Iraq war vote and her tenure as Secretary of State and where she wants to take this country,’ he told The Hill in an interview. ‘I think she’s tone deaf on some of these issues.’ Clinton and Chafee both served in the Senate during the run-up to the war, but while Clinton ultimately cast her vote in favor of authorizing troops, Chafee voted no.”

 

 2016 Democratic Power Index - 1) Hillary Clinton; 2) Martin O’Malley; 3) Jim Webb [+1]; 4) Joe Biden [-1] 5) Lincoln Chaffee 6) Elizabeth Warren [-1]

 

 [Watch Fox: Chris Stirewalt joins Gretchen Carlson on “The Real Story” in the 2 p.m. ET hour with the latest on who’s up and who’s down in the 2016 Power Index.]

 

 POWER PLAY: BORDER SURGE REDUX

 The administration says the numbers are down, but with a surge expected soon, Rep. Henry Cuellar, D-Texas, tells Chris Stirewalt that much like last summer, thousands of minors are pouring across the U.S.-Mexico border and that the system is becoming overwhelmed. WATCH HERE.

 

 WITH YOUR SECOND CUP OF COFFEE…

 What would a painting of Ludwig van Beethoven’s Fourth Piano Concerto look like? Dusty rose colors yielding to wild, intense slashes of crimson, one would think. How about the Talking Heads’ “Naïve Melody”? Surly that would be deep blues with warm flashes of orange. Right? Even for those not celebrating 4/20, visualizing beloved music is commonplace, but very personal and highly subjective. Cool Hunting brings us the story of artist Tim Bavington, who is exploring the connection between music and color in a studio on the edge of the desert in Las Vegas. Bavington developed a color wheel that allows him to translate each note in a piece of sheet music to a line of color on a canvass. The results are arresting and will make you say “Yes!” when you see some of your favorite songs turned into art.

 

 Got a TIP from the RIGHT or LEFT? Email FoxNewsFirst@FOXNEWS.COM

 

 POLL CHECK

 Real Clear Politics Averages

 Obama Job Approval: Approve – 44.7 percent//Disapprove – 50.3 percent

 Direction of Country: Right Direction – 29.6 percent//Wrong Track – 60.5 percent

 

 2016 GOP POWER INDEX: CHRISTIE TRIES TO GET A RALLY GOING

 After a weekend of intense campaigning in New Hampshire by every viable Republican candidate, no big upsets in your GOP Power Index, but a couple of things are coming into focus: First, the two tiers in the top 10 are becoming clearer. As each day goes by, it will be harder to break out of the bottom five and into the top. The other big development from the weekend is that Chris Christie’s long and large investment in New Hampshire is going to yield something for the New Jerseyan. Christie is counting on New Hampshire to keep him in the game long enough to make it to the debate state. Given the number of independents and even moderate Democrats likely to flock to the GOP’s open primary, Christie may get his moment.

 

 1) Jeb Bush; 2) Scott Walker; 3) Marco Rubio; 4) Ted Cruz; 5) Rand Paul; 6) Mike Huckabee; 7) Carly Fiorina; 8) Chris Christie [+2]; 9) John Kasich; 10) Rick Perry [-2]

 

 On the Radar - Ben Carson, Rick Santorum, Bobby Jindal, Lindsey Graham

 

 What would you say? - Give us your take on the GOP field and we will share the best and brightest with the whole class. Send your thoughts to FOXNEWSFIRST@FOXNEWS.COM

 

 Humble, pie - Politico: “[F]ormer Florida governor [Jeb Bush] worked hard on this foray to exude humility. He distanced himself from his brother and father, insisting that he is his ‘own man’ who will roll out his own ideas. He declined to critique George W. Bush’s foreign policy during one of his press gaggles on the grounds that it would require him to look backward when he was focused on the future. He also repeatedly invoked the birth this week of his fourth grandson.”

 

 [Bush heads to Washington State today for a roundtable and reception for his super PAC ‘Right to Rise.’ The roundtable prices start at $12,500 per couple.]

 

 Walker keeps it real - WaPo: “Calling voters ‘folks’ and boasting about his cut-rate suits from Jos. A. Bank, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker campaigned vigorously in New Hampshire…Walker’s brash, populist pitch was a direct shot at his better-heeled GOP rivals and the likely Democratic nominee, Hillary Rodham Clinton, whom he dismissed as out of touch as well as beatable…Walker presented himself as a natural fit.”

 

 Rubio makes Iran a centerpiece of campaign - Wash Times: “The Florida Republican said the best way to thwart Iran is to leave unilateral and international sanctions in place. ‘You combine that with a very clear demarcation to the Iranian regime. And that is this. If you cross this threshold, you will face military action on the part of the United States,’ he told CBS’s ‘Face the Nation’ program. ‘We don’t want that to happen. But the risk of a nuclear Iran is so great that that option must be on the table.’ The Senate Foreign Relations Committee cleared a calibrated approach to the ongoing negotiations last week, with Republicans and Democrats unanimously approving a bill that would force any Iran nuclear deal to be submitted to Congress.”

 

 [Rubio got his groove on to his favorite tunes. Or so TMZ made it seem. The entertainment site snagged a quick interview with Rubio at Washington, D.C.’s Reagan National Airport. The Florida Senator said that he was a fan of David Guetta and Swedish House Mafia. As he walked away TMZ added a little music and slow motion to his strut.]

 

 Cruz’s pitch: Victory, not compromise - Bloomberg: “In Litchfield [N.H.], [Sen. Ted Cruz] promised conservatives that they could win without ‘making the party bigger.’ Just as [Sen. Rand Paul] had, he embraced the trappings of the setting; his wife, Heidi, even doffed an ‘Armed and Fabulous’ baseball cap, provided by one of the gun groups. A man wearing a shirt with the legend ‘Molon Labe’ (Greek for ‘come and take it’) stood feet away from a man plastered in dragon tattoos….  They were interested in libertarian principles, and Cruz was offering—unlike Paul—liberty without compromise. ‘If you compare 2004, the last race Republicans won, to 2008 and 2012, by far the biggest difference is the millions of conservatives who showed up in 2004, who stayed home in 2008, and stayed home in even bigger numbers,’ said Cruz. ‘So how do you win? I think the key question is, you figure out how to bring back those millions of voters.’”

 

 [In a National Review op-ed, Ted Cruz took on NYT’s Friday editorial that called the Texas Senator’s support of the Second Amendment “strange” and “silly.”]

 

 Rand’s brother: He’s just like dad - BuzzFeed: “Rand Paul’s brother [Ronnie Paul] says that when it comes to ideology, there’s ‘no difference’ between his brother, the Kentucky senator and Republican presidential candidate, and his father, the former congressman and three-time presidential candidate….‘The difference is purely in implementation,’ Paul’s eldest son said.”

 

 [NY Daily News: “Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul got the Clinton-bashing ball rolling early Saturday at the First in the Nation Republican Leadership Summit, snarking that when the former secretary of state travels, “there’s going to need to be two planes — one for her and her entourage, and one for her baggage. “I’m concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering.”]

 

 Don’t underestimate Huckabee - NYT: “It is easy to overlook the significance of evangelicals in the Republican Party. It may even seem that their influence is waning as the country rapidly becomes more liberal on cultural issues, and as some Republican candidates adopt more moderate stances on same-sex marriage. But the religious right remains the single largest voting bloc in the Republican Party, and that role has not diminished at all over the last decade. Evangelical Christians make up 49 percent of Republicans and Republican-leaners, according to a Pew Research polarization data set from 2014 consisting of 10,000 interviews. White evangelicals represent 40 percent of Republican leaners. They represent as much as 80 percent of the primary vote in the Deep South and, more significantly, around 60 percent of Iowa caucus-goers.”

 

 Bank shot: Carly jabs Bubba on ‘hormones’ - Daily Mail: “Soon-to-be Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina put a cork in the bubbling debate, started this week by a female CEO, about whether a woman president could control her hormones. 'Not that we haven’t seen a man’s judgment clouded by hormones in the Oval Office,' Fiorina told a crowd of New Hampshire Republicans this morning - a clear dig at former President Bill Clinton. Clinton, whose wife Hillary is now a Democratic presidential candidate, faced impeachment during his second term in office over his affair with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky.”

 

 [Fiorina hits Indianapolis today as the keynote speaker for the 25th Annual Lugar Series Luncheon.]

 

 Christie connects - NJ.com: “Gov. Chris Christie sent a strong signal this past week he's working a different strategy for a likely 2016 presidential bid….[he] appears more interested in letting people ask him questions than simply giving speeches.  [At the N.H. GOP summit] Christie introduced himself briefly on Friday and then jumped right into questions…the New Hampshire version of the Christie town hall was toned down, felt less orchestrated and gave more of an opportunity for the voters who play an important role in deciding the nation's next president to ask what was on their minds.”

 

 [National Review examines the odds against Christie as a comeback kid.]

 

 Kasich ‘more serious’ on 2016 presidential bid -  The Hill: “Ohio Gov. John Kasich is becoming increasingly interested in joining a crowded Republican presidential field in 2016, he said Sunday, although all options remain on the table. ‘I’m more and more serious or I wouldn’t be doing these things,’ Kasich said Sunday on NBC’s ‘Meet the Press,’ referring to his recent travel to early voting states, including stops in South Carolina and New Hampshire this weekend.”

 

 Perry builds brain trust - Bloomberg: “Rick Perry is beefing up his policy shop. … That effort now includes the hiring of the widely respected Avik Roy, a former health care adviser to Mitt Romney and a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute, who will become RickPAC's senior adviser, the person said. Also coming on board: Abby McCloskey, whose conservative credentials include work as an economic policy program director for American Enterprise Institute, will head Perry’s national policy team. Brett Fetterly, a graduate student at John Hopkins University who studied under former U.S. Ambassador Eric Edelman, will coordinate Perry’s foreign policy shop.”

 

 EMPOWERED BY MIDTERM FLIP, MANCHIN WILL STAY IN SENATE

 Roll Call: “Sen. Joe Manchin III will not be taking any country roads home to West Virginia any time soon. The Democratic senator announced Sunday he’s decided against seeking a return to the Mountaineer State’s governor’s mansion in 2016. That’s good news for Manchin’s fellow Democrats as an open Senate seat could prove difficult to hold in a special election. His term is not up until the 2018 cycle.”

 

 [The dean of West Virginia political journalism, Hoppy Kercheval, has the lay of the land in the state post-Manchin announcement.]

 

 DANA’S GUIDE FOR PATRIOTIC PARENTS

 Dana Perino describes her experience visiting Washington as a child and how that inspired her to pursue a career in politics. In her new book “And the Good News Is…,” Perino recommends that parents take their children to Washington, D.C. twice – once when they are between the ages of 7-10 for the wonder of it all, and then again between ages 15-17 after they’ve learned more about our system of government and have studied more American history.”

 

 THE BULL IS BACK

 A few weeks ago, we brought you the story of the giant, anatomically correct metal bull statue at a restaurant in Utah getting turned into a steer. Well, it’s back. After owner Stephen Ward heard numerous complaints about the removal he decided to give the bull back his party-hat shaped extremity. Ward said his decision had nothing to do with authorities or their desire to have it removed, but he does plan on suing the mayor for ‘lying’ about him in an interview. The mayor said Ward had a variance for his liquor license due to his proximity to a local school. Ward denies this claim, and said he has the city “by the...” well, you can guess what he said.

 

 Chris Stirewalt is digital politics editor for Fox News.  Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.

Chris Stirewalt joined Fox News Channel (FNC) in July of 2010 and serves as digital politics editor based in Washington, D.C.  Additionally, he authors the daily ""Fox News First"" political news note and hosts ""Power Play,"" a feature video series, on FoxNews.com. Stirewalt makes frequent appearances on the network, including ""The Kelly File,"" ""Special Report with Bret Baier,"" and ""Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace.""  He also provides expert political analysis for Fox News coverage of state, congressional and presidential elections.",1
4349,Battle Lines For 2016 Emerge As Republican Hopefuls Unveil Campaign Themes,"WASHINGTON -- To run for president in 2016, potential candidates must formally register before May 1, 2015, making the first months of this year a crucial time for them to weigh their options. Over the next 104 days, each member of the potential Republican roster, which includes governors, senators, has-beens and long shots, must decide whether to invest the next two years and millions of dollars into a bloody political battle -- where the prize is the chance to wage an even bigger war.

Early this week in Washington, two potential candidates, Sens. Ted Cruz (Texas) and Rand Paul (Ky.) gave speeches at the conservative Heritage Foundation, each strategically highlighting issues to further his national ambitions. Cruz laid out an ambitious policy agenda that included repealing Common Core education standards, abolishing the IRS, repealing Obamacare and building the Keystone XL pipeline. What all these goals have in common (besides how popular they were with the audience) is that they emphasize Cruz's ferocious opposition to President Barack Obama. Battling the Obama administration has been a hallmark of Cruz's time in the Senate, and it will likely be a strong selling point among voters who identify with the tea party movement.

Instead of playing to the crowd like Cruz did, Paul touted his support for individual rights by arguing that ""activist"" (practically a four-letter word among conservatives) judges could be a good thing if their rulings expanded individual rights. The next day, Paul spoke in support of gun rights at an event in New Hampshire. On Thursday, he flew to Nevada, where he said voters would appreciate his stance on privacy rights. By the end of the week, he seemed to have emerged as the field's preeminent champion of individual rights, a position he has worked to cultivate during his first term in the Senate.

Like Paul, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush also has trademark issues, though in his case they're not the ones he wants to focus on in a GOP primary. As governor, Bush instituted lofty statewide education benchmarks that closely resemble the Common Core state standards which have been adopted by more than 40 states since 2010. The trouble for Bush is that many conservatives view Common Core as a government takeover of schools. Equally unpopular with the GOP base is Bush's support for comprehensive immigration reform, which was passed by the U.S. Senate in 2013, but stalled in the Republican-controlled House.

Rather than talk about education and immigration, Bush has chosen to focus on a populist economic message he has honed recently, aimed at creating new ways for poor and middle-class Americans to move up the economic ladder. The only drawback of this focus for Bush is that his rivals like it, too. Thus far, at least four of Bush's potential challengers have also indicated that they plan to focus their campaigns on populist themes of creating opportunity and upward mobility for the working class. To campaign strategists, this comes as no surprise.

""The populist economic message is probably going to be there in some way for nearly every candidate in 2016, both Democrats and Republicans,"" said Walker, who helped engineer the GOP takeover of the House in the early 1990s. ""The question then becomes: Which candidate is better at delivering this message to voters? That's what will begin to sort them out.""

Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, who has long been talked about as a potential 2016 contender, published a book this week on his plan to create upward mobility: American Dreams: Restoring Economic Opportunity for Everyone. It seems increasingly likely, however, that Rubio will sit out the presidential race, rather than compete against the likes of Bush and Cruz. He recently said he will not make a final decision about 2016 until later this month, following a meeting with his top donors. If Rubio were to run, though, his hawkish views on foreign policy would likely resonate with GOP voters worried about the turmoil in the Middle East. Rubio is a vocal supporter of increased U.S. sanctions on Iran, as well as Congress' leading critic of normalizing relations with Cuba.

As Rubio retreated from the political fray this week, former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney jumped in head first. According to his advisers, Romney plans to rebrand himself as a poverty-fighting populist in his third run for the White House. In 2012, the career private equity investor infamously dismissed the ""47% of Americans"" who were ""dependent on government,"" so his sudden concern for the poor could prove a tough sell to voters. Perhaps more promisingly, though, he also plans to market himself as a foreign policy hawk. Aides to Romney said on Monday that current events had vindicated the former governor's prediction three years ago about the threat posed by Russia. In a field likely to be stacked with new faces, Romney's foreign policy views could give his third-time candidacy a fresh spin.

The same is true for former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum, another candidate who plans to rebrand himself as a populist in 2016. Best known to voters as a conservative culture warrior, Santorum got a boost in 2012 after winning the Iowa caucuses, though he struggled to connect with voters outside that state. He appears to be trying to remedy that problem with his 2014 book, Blue Collar Conservatives. In the book, Santorum skewers the GOP for failing to understand working-class people. He also lays out his plan for a ""pro-growth, pro-worker agenda,"" a jobs plan that is based mostly on increased drilling, mining and fracking.

Like Santorum, former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee has proven in the past that he can win over socially conservative voters, but has accomplished relatively little beyond that. In recent months, Baptist preacher-turned-politician has been sharpening his own populist message, which he sets out in his forthcoming book, God, Guns, Grits, and Gravy. The book diagnoses the GOP with a severe case of elitism and a ""seeming indifference to the struggling class."" Huckabee also fans the flames of the culture wars, wagging his finger at Hollywood starlets and criticizing racy song lyrics. Still, he remains folksy and likable, traits that are especially important in a primary.

On the question of personality, there is no bigger wildcard in the race than retired neurosurgeon Dr. Ben Carson, whose rags-to-riches life story and anti-government rhetoric have helped to make him a conservative darling and a likely 2016 longshot contender. Given that Carson lacks any political experience, his message so far has tended to focus on what's wrong with the world, or with Americans, or with government, or with the media. Speaking at a Republican National Committee retreat in California on Thursday, Carson told the crowd that his perceived liability was in fact an asset: ""I will admit, I do not have experience in certain things, like empowering special interests and growing the government and wasting taxpayer money and dishonoring our military and deserting our allies and lying to the people and submitting to the [political-correctness] police.""

As Carson struggles to craft a campaign message out of his lack of experience, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie has the opposite problem: a governing record that, after five years in office, is so mixed that it's nearly impossible to boil down into a single theme. After winning nationwide praise for his handling of Hurricane Sandy in 2013, Christie's political star began falling thanks to a string of casino closings, a budget shortfall and an ongoing ethics investigation. Nonetheless, on Tuesday Christie delivered a ""State of the State"" address that read like a preview of his 2016 presidential campaign. He spoke of ""a divisiveness and distrust [that] has seeped into our communities and neighborhoods,"" and he called for ""a New Jersey renewal and an American renewal."" Christie also took a few swipes at Washington gridlock, railing against those ""leaders in Washington [who ... ] stoke division for their own political gain.""

Even with a strong record of governing under his belt, though, Perry still needs to overcome the ghosts of his failed previous bid for the GOP nomination. The same is true for Romney, Santorum and Huckabee, the three other repeat candidates likely to enter the 2016 race. While they may have more experience than their rivals in managing a huge national campaign, all four run the risk that voters' enthusiasm for them will be dampened by political déjà vu.

Furthermore, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, a relative newcomer on the national stage, signaled on Thursday night that he intends to make voter fatigue an issue in the primary. Speaking at the same RNC meeting that Carson had addressed earlier that day, Walker told the crowd that ""people want a fresh, new look [and] new ideas"" from the GOP. He urged the party to ""find a new, fresh leader out there who can take big bold ideas"" from state governments and grassroots advocates, and implement those ideas on a national scale.

Walker also heaped blame on Washington in much the same way that Christie and Perry did -- with one key difference. For the Wisconsin governor, Washington is synonymous with the ""big-government special interests"" who led a recall effort against him in 2013. After a bitter and polarizing fight, Walker won the recall vote, but after that he abandoned any pretext of being nonpartisan. He peppered his speech on Thursday with stories about his past political fights with unions and state employees, and emphasized the way he ""took the power out of the hands of the big-government special interests.""",1
4024,EXCLUSIVE: UN sex abuse scandal: Secretary General Ban Ki-moon announces new inquiry,"Faced with a growing uproar over the United Nations’ handling of allegations of child sexual abuse by non-U.N. peacekeepers in the Central African Republic, U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has suddenly scrambled to announce an “external, independent review” panel to examine that issue, along with “a broad range of systemic issues related to how the U.N. responds to serious information of this kind.”

Ban, who declared himself “deeply disturbed” by the situation, said on Wednesday his intent was “to ensure that the United Nations does not fail the victims of sexual abuse, especially when committed by those who are meant to protect them.”

In fact, Fox News has learned, Ban’s action was also urged on him two days earlier by U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Samantha Power, as U.N. member states dickered in committee over a resolution that criticized Ban for the “perceived lack of timely information” he had provided on the abuse issue and the “lack of protection of whistleblower” associated with the CAR incidents.

At the time of Ban’s announcement, U.S. and European diplomats were still offering up alternative wordings in committee to temper the harsher language.

Ban’s spokesman, Stephane Dujarric, told Fox News that “the need to set up such a review has been in discussion for a long time,” but the specific terms of reference of the inquiry and its membership were not revealed in Ban’s announcement, though he did specify it would look into “the treatment of the specific report of abuse in the Central African Republic.”

According to Dujarric, both the terms of reference and the membership of the probe will be revealed “as soon as possible” –a fairly clear indication that Ban’s sparse announcement was intended more as an initial fire-fighting gesture than a fully-planned response to the sex-abuse crisis.

Another way to look at it is that the U.N.’s top bureaucrat was trying to keep the explosive sex abuse issue from spinning further out of control, amid a gout of document leaks, finger-pointing and U.N. investigations criticized as focused on hushing up leakers than on protecting additional young and starving children in the war-torn CAR from rape, sodomy and other predatory offenses.

Moreover, the CAR controversy is only the latest crest in a swelling critique of the U.N.’s ability to protect the innocent from sex abuse where its blue-and-white flag is flying—a critique that includes a long-suppressed report of U.N.-appointed experts who have decried a “culture of impunity” in U.N. peacekeeping missions when it comes to such crimes.

The latest controversy has been further fueled by U.N. document leaks that raised the possibility of retaliatory collusion by the organization’s independent Ethics Officer; the head of its main independent internal watchdog, the Office of Internal Oversight Services (OIOS); the U.N.’s High Commissioner for Human Rights; and Ban’s top deputy against Anders Kompass, a senior U.N. human rights official who first brought the Central African Republic scandal into the daylight.

That interpretation was strenuously denied by one senior U.N. official, who requested anonymity, while for her part, the U.N.  Ethics Officer, Joan Dubinsky, declined comment saying “I don’t believe it is appropriate to comment on leaked documents.”

U.N. spokesman Dujarric told Fox News that an investigation of Kompass by OIOS for “possible staff misconduct,” initiated in March, would nonetheless continue in parallel with the still-unformed inquiry panel. “Any relevant information of a broad systemic nature that will come out of that investigation will be considered by the review,” he declared.

Kompass has already been asked to resign at the behest of the U.N.’s High Commissioner for Human Rights, Zeid Ra’ad Al Hussein. He refused.

Kompass was then briefly suspended from his work—until a U.N. tribunal reversed the action-- in conjunction with his investigation by OIOS for passing on transcripts by U.N.-collected testimony from children who described their sexual abuse and exploitation by French and African peacekeepers in the chaos-shattered CAR in 2013 and 2014. The children were aged from 9 to 13.

The troops were from a multinational contingent that preceded the current U.N. peacekeeping mission in CAR—the U.N. forces took over in September 2015-- but were operating with U.N. Security Council approval.

Kompass got the U.N. report on the childrens’ testimony on July 15, 2014. He told a French diplomat about it roughly a week later, and in a written declaration has said he told his immediate superior in the U.N.’s Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) about his disclosure “shortly thereafter.”

Kompass has subsequently made no secret of the fact that he passed on the raw testimony to French military authorities by the end of that month, bypassing his own superiors, who said they discovered the action when French investigators approached the U.N.  It was more than eight months later that he was asked to resign.

In a wave of claims and counter-claims, U.N. and French officials have each blamed the other for delays in investigating the allegations, but while the U.N. has claimed that it has cooperated fully, its interviewers only answered written questions from the French military probers.

The investigative waters were roiled even further with the publication of internal emails and documents that showed top U.N. officials, including Ethics Office head Dubinsky, along with OIOS head Carman LaPointe, Zaid, and Ban’s chef de cabinet, Susana Malcorra, grappling with how to cope with the Kompass actions.

The documents were published by a non-government organization named AIDS-Free World, as part of a campaign called Code Blue. The campaign calls for an “entirely independent, external Commission of Inquiry, with full access to the U.N. as well as subpoena power, to examine every facet of sexual exploitation and abuse in peacekeeping operations” and an automatic end to diplomatic immunity for any U.N. official or peacekeeper accused of such abuse.

Among the documents were emails that summarized a meeting among the officials on the periphery of a March 19-20 Ban Ki-moon retreat in Turin, Italy, where they agreed to ask Kompass to “document the sequence of events that he believed supported” a claim to whistleblower status—a designation that ultimately is made by the Ethics Officer, independently of other U.N. branches.

Other emails document a dispute within OIOS over who would authorize Kompass’ investigation—a responsibility claimed by Lapointe personally.

The documents also underline a profound confusion among the officials about what they were even supposed to be discussing—for much of the conversation at least some of them believed they were discussing malfeasance in Mali.

CLICK HERE FOR THE CODE BLUE DOCUMENTS.

According to a senior U.N. official, the internal discussions about Kompass and his case were no more than a routine sorting-out of the responsibilities involved in dealing with an employee who had already admitted his actions while simultaneously claiming protected whistleblower status for them.

In the U.N.’s case, establishing that status often involves notification of the established chain of command of perceived wrongdoing before going elsewhere with the information, which Kompass did not do.

At the same time, the official noted, OIOS’ investigations division is a “mess” that is rife with dissention and back-biting, which made its proper functioning nearly impossible.

For critics, however, the same documentation is proof that the ostensible independence of OIOS and the U.N. Ethics Office in investigating wrong-doing and protecting whistle-blowers is only a sham.

“The Code Blue documents show that Malcorra and others at the most senior levels of the UN were entirely indifferent to the welfare of little boys as young as nine years old being subjected to the most egregious sexual abuse,”   argues Peter Gallo, a former OIOS investigator who left the organization in March.

“The very essence of whistleblower protection is to protect staff members from retaliatory actions by management, but in the UN, it is now clear that the Ethics Office and management are on the same side.”

“There should be a solid wall between these people,” Paula Donovan, co-founder of AIDS-Free World, told Fox News. “The regulations are very clear. They are supposed to be impartial.” And when they were joined by Zaid—Kompass’ boss—and his deputy “that was completely against the rules.”

Instead, she argued, the evidence points to the conclusion that they were “investigating the best way” to get rid of him.

The propriety of the meetings and emails concerning Kompass was also criticized by Robert Appleton, the former head of investigations for the U.N.  Procurement Task Force, a special anti-corruption unit within OIOS that existed between 2006 and 2009.

The communications are “deeply troubling,” Appleton, a highly-regarded former U.S. prosecutor, told Fox News.  “Their priorities appear to be quite skewed.”

Among other things, he said, during his tenure at OIOS, “we did not coordinate with the Ethics Office - -other than to recommend that they pursue whistleblower retaliation claims.”

In addition, “OIOS is independent for a reason,” Appleton asserted, “in part so that the process not only is, but appears to be, fair, objective and free of bias and influence.

“Investigations are conducted in confidence so as not to prejudice the process , prejudice the subject, or the outcome, and so as not to create a conflict with the administration that potentially needs to carry on with disciplinary processes following the investigation.”

The same questions of confidence are going to surround Secretary-General Ban’s newly announced “external independent review.”

A spokesman for the Code Blue campaigners, for example, “welcomed” the announcement and then added provisos, starting with “No member of existing U.N. staff should be appointed to investigate nor to act as the investigators’ secretariat,” and the notion that the broader the inquiry, the better.

To be credible, the spokesman added, the inquiry should include an examination of “top members of the Secretary-General’s own staff,” singling out by title Dubinsky, LaPointe and Malcorra.

But there should also be plenty of other grist for the panelists’ work, including a report that OIOS itself has promised to make public by mid-June, entitled an “Evaluation of protection against sexual exploitation and abuse in peacekeeping operations.”

Based on recent U.N. experience, the news it brings is unlikely to be good.

George Russell is editor-at-large of Fox News and can be found on Twitter:  @GeorgeRussell or on Facebook.com/George Russell",1
323,2nd New York prison worker charged in killers' escape,"Plattsburgh, New York (CNN) Gene Palmer, the second prison employee charged in connection with the escape of two convicted murderers in upstate New York, admitted he provided the fugitives with tools and other items that unintentionally ""made their escape easier,"" according to a statement he gave the state police.

Palmer, a prison guard for more than 27 years, told investigators that within the last eight months he provided inmate David Sweat with a pair of needle-nose pliers and a flat-head screwdriver, according to the court document. Late last month, he said in the statement, he delivered a package said to contain a pound of frozen ground beef and two tubes of paint to the other inmate, Richard Matt

Palmer's court appearance Thursday was adjourned because he is changing lawyers. Attorney Andrew Brockway said he ""simply doesn't have the resources"" to defend Palmer, who will appear in court on Monday.

Joyce Mitchell, another prison employee charged in connection with the escape, admitted to putting hacksaw blades and drill bits into the hunk of hamburger meat, according to Clinton County District Attorney Andrew Wylie. She has pleaded not guilty to charges of aiding the escapees.

Asked whether he assisted in the escape, Palmer told investigators: ""No. Not intentionally.""

He continued, ""Matt provided me with elaborate paintings and information on the illegal acts that inmates were committing within the facility. In turn, I provided him with benefits such as paint, paintbrushes, movement of inmates, hamburger meat, altering of electrical boxes in the catwalk areas.

""I did not realize at the time that the assistance provided to Matt and Sweat made their escape easier. The altering of the electrical boxes was to enhance their ability to cook in their cells.""

The screwdriver and needle-nose pliers weused to fix electrical breakers in the catwalk behind their cells. That area was part of the escape route, an official familiar with the investigation told CNN on Wednesday.

Palmer's statement reveals the complicated relationship between inmates and employees at the prison.

On another occasion, Palmer said, he helped Matt conceal ""two-oil based tubes"" of paint that he had purchased for the inmate in the catwalk. At the time, Sweat was under investigation and Palmer said he had Matt take the tubes from his cell to the catwalk, where the paint was hidden atop an air vent, according to the court document.

Palmer said he met Matt in 2009 and Sweat about five years ago. He said he bought white zinc and white titanium paint and paintbrushes for Matt on two occasions, according to the document. Palmer also said he bought a large tube of acrylic paint for Sweat about two years ago. He said he gave Sweat the pliers and other tools on four occasions.

The tools were found at Palmer's home after police executed a search warrant, according to the official familiar with the investigation.

Palmer told investigators that as a ""favor"" he allowed Sweat to ""change the electrical wiring in the cell electrical boxes,"" the document said. He said he allowed Sweat into the catwalk of the block where the prisoners were housed.

Brockway declined to comment on the specific charges Wednesday.

Palmer posted bail of $25,000 and was released from jail early Thursday.

""Mr. Palmer has been completely cooperative with the investigation,"" Brockway said. ""He will continue to cooperate. He's a man of integrity who made some mistakes.""

According to the court document, after the convicts escaped, Palmer tried to destroy evidence of the paintings the inmates had given him, burning some of them in a fire pit at his home and burying others in nearby woods.

He faces three felony charges -- one count of promoting prison contraband, two counts of tampering with physical evidence -- and one misdemeanor charge of official misconduct.

Palmer's June 20 interview with the state police was videotaped, a source familiar with the investigation told CNN.

Access to the catwalk was not unusual for prisoners. The prison used inmates to do plumbing and electric work, sometimes allowing them to go in the catwalk area, a former maintenance supervisor said.

The former supervisor, who worked at the prison for 35 years, said inmates filled those positions when the maintenance department was short staffed. Correction officers were also understaffed at times, and inmates conducted repair work unsupervised. The ex-supervisor left the facility six years ago.

The former supervisor said inmates worked unplugging toilets, changing lights, fixing leaks and repairing wiring. Their work took them inside cells and to the catwalks behind the cell walls for major pipe repairs.

Inmates sometimes asked prison employees for favors, such as sending a letter or asking for a pack of cigarettes, the ex-supervisor said. Inmates started with small favors and followed up with bigger requests, sometimes threatening to turn in the employee for delivering on the smaller offense.

Palmer said life as a prison guard was as miserable as those of the prisoners. ""With the money that they pay you, you'll go bald, you'll have high blood pressure, you'll become an alcoholic, you'll divorce, and then you'll kill yourself,"" he said.

Mann described the jail scene all those years ago: ""Everywhere we go, prisoners are handling knives and power tools,"" he said in 2000.

""Even then, that detail kind of freaked me out,"" he said a week after the jail break.

Palmer's arrest came as more than a dozen investigators from the New York State Inspector General's Office arrived at the prison to investigate possible breaches of security protocols that allowed Matt and Sweat to escape, a state law enforcement official said. The two men have been on the lam since June 6.

Investigators are going through visitor logs and documents related to prisoner and employee movements at the jail, the official said.

They are also looking into whether prison guards on the honor block would sleep during their evening shifts and if that allowed Sweat and Matt to remain virtually unsupervised as they worked to prepare their escape, a law enforcement official told CNN.

As authorities try to figure out what went wrong at the prison, hundreds of law enforcement officers are still rummaging through dense woodland surrounding a hunting cabin the fugitives are believed to have burglarized. Authorities said a number of items were recovered from the Mountain View cabin, some 30 miles west of the jail, including a sock, according to Wylie. While the district attorney wouldn't say if the sock's red markings were blood, he did tell CNN's Anderson Cooper, ""I do know that a DNA profile was from one of the socks.""

The 75-square-mile primary search area is roughly 20 miles west of the prison. State forest rangers describe the terrain as treacherous, not just for the escapees but also for police and other searchers.

""The area is heavily forested. The undergrowth is thick,"" Capt. John Strife said. ""The vegetation is a combination of trees, saplings and brush.""",1
2278,Ark. governor won't sign 'religious freedom' bill as is,"LITTLE ROCK — As local and state leaders and organizations pressured Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson to veto House Bill 1228 — the Religious Freedom Restoration Act — the governor said Wednesday he won't sign the bill in its current form.

The full House passed the ""religious freedom"" bill Tuesday afternoon after three concurred amendments passed the House Judiciary Committee on Monday. The measure was sponsored by Rep. Bob Ballinger, R-Hindsville. Hutchinson had said he would sign the bill into law.

Ballinger said the governor has five days from the time he received the bill — not including Sunday — to act. He said that if Hutchinson does nothing, HB1228 will go into law; he has to veto the bill to prevent that.

The Republican governor said the bill wasn't intended to allow discrimination based on sexual orientation.

""It has been my intention all along to have House Bill 1228 to mirror the federal act,"" Hutchinson said Wednesday. ""The bill that is on my desk at the present time does not ... mirror the federal law.""

He was referring to the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act signed by President Clinton in 1993.

""I asked that changes be made in the legislation. I've asked leaders in the General Assembly to recall the bill so that it mirrors the federal religious act,"" Hutchinson said.

He wants lawmakers to either recall the bill or pass a follow-up measure to make the proposal more closely mirror the federal law. He wants the bill to make sure it reflects the values of the people of Arkansas and minimizes discrimination in the workplace.

Hutchinson didn't specifically call for changes that would prohibit the law from being used to deny services to someone, but he said he didn't believe the bill was intended to do so.

""This law that is under consideration does not extend discrimination,"" Hutchinson said.

In speaking about the divisiveness of the issue, Hutchinson said there was a divide in his own house. His son Seth signed the petition urging him to veto the bill.

""This is a bill that in ordinary times would not be controversial, but these are not ordinary times,"" he said.

""I want to make it clear that Arkansas wants to be a place of tolerance,"" Hutchinson said.

Before Wednesday's news conference, many organizations raised concerns about what the measure could mean for business in the Natural State.

Retail giant Walmart, headquartered in Bentonville, posted a statement to Twitter on Tuesday saying HB 1228 does not reflect the company's values and urged Hutchinson to veto the legislation.

The bill as written would prevent state and local governments from infringing upon religious beliefs without a ""compelling"" interest. Supporters maintain it is not a discriminatory bill, but opponents say it will allow widespread discrimination against gays and lesbians.

Indiana Gov. Mike Pence signed a similar measure into law last week and is seeing widespread criticism by businesses and organizations.

Monday, Acxiom, one of Arkansas' largest employers and a longtime supporter of workplace diversity, announced the marketing technology company's firm opposition to the bill. In a letter to the governor, the company wrote, ""The bill inflicts pain on some of our citizens and disgrace upon us all.""

Little Rock Mayor Mark Stodola encouraged Hutchinson to veto the bill. In a news release Tuesday he stated, ""Any piece of legislation that is so divisive cannot possibly be good for the state of Arkansas and its people.""

""There certainly is that impression that it would be a negative step,"" state economic forecaster Michael Pakko said. He said it's not clear whether there would be drastic implications for the state if the bill becomes law, but it would affect some business decisions, especially for companies that have taken a stance against the bill.

""There is a likelihood this bill would cause confusion more than anything else, and that alone could have some negative impact on the economy,"" Pakko said.

""It's just not the way to do business, and we're not going to do it that way,"" said North Little Rock Chamber of Commerce CEO Terry Hartwick.

He said discrimination has never been an issue in the area, and he doesn't understand why it's become an issue now.

""We're here to serve, and that's the way a chamber should be, to take in anybody. We're open for business, to do business as usual and to satisfy that customer, whomever they shall be,"" Hartwick said.

The Little Rock Chamber of Commerce also objected to the the bill, simply stating, ""This is bad for business and bad for Arkansas.""",1
706,RNC scrambles to calm state GOP officials,"The election in 232 photos, 43 numbers and 131 quotes, from the two candidates at the center of it all.",1
951,What to watch at 's key Clinton-Sanders debate in New York,"New York (CNN) Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders will face off in CNN's Democratic presidential debate in Brooklyn Thursday night as they spar ahead of a critical contest in New York -- a state where both candidates have deep roots.

The April 19 primary here will come as Clinton -- whose campaign has been dogged by Sanders' unexpected endurance -- is on an urgent mission to widen her delegate lead and lock up her party's nomination.

Next week's contest will serve as one of Sanders' last opportunities to change the dynamics of the Democratic race. And in turn, it will offer Clinton a crucial opening to once and for all shake the pervasive narrative that her rival -- even as he lags behind in the delegate count -- continues to enjoy real momentum; tens of thousands of Sanders supporters rallied in Washington Square Park in Manhattan Wednesday night.

In a sign of the mounting pressure for both candidates, over the past few weeks, their exchanges on the campaign trail have grown increasingly bitter. Sanders has publicly questioned Clinton's judgment and credibility, while Clinton has hit back by accusing her rival of being inexperienced and promoting an unrealistic platform.

Next week's contest will also be an especially personal one for both Democratic hopefuls.

Clinton, who served as the state's senator for eight years, currently has a home in Chappaqua and chose to base her campaign headquarters in Brooklyn. Sanders, meanwhile, was born and raised in Brooklyn and still has a thick New York accent.

Both candidates are also insistent that they are best equipped to take on Republican front-runner Donald Trump -- another New Yorker.

Here is to watch when the two square off:

Thursday's Democratic debate could be the feistiest yet.

Over the past few weeks, Clinton and Sanders have ramped up their attacks, hitting each other harder on both character and policy. The new tenor of the race is in stark contrast to the earliest stages of the race, when the two candidates were cordial and made painstaking efforts to avoid going after each other.

Sanders, in particular, prided himself in running a positive campaign, constantly reminding voters that he had never run a negative ad in his political career.

But with the Democratic race dragging on into the spring, fresh tensions are bubbling up to the surface.

Things grew even more heated when the Sanders campaign put out a press release questioning Clinton's credibility this week -- an attack that was met with ferocious pushback.

He was born here. She was elected here.

For each, Tuesday's contest is something of a homecoming. And with 247 delegates at stake, the stakes are higher than ever. Clinton is expected to come out on top, but with momentum at his back after winning six out of the last seven contests, Sanders believes New York could provide a chance for him to prove that he can stay in the race.

""I am enormously proud to be the senator from Vermont, but I have not forgotten where I was born and that is Brooklyn,"" Sanders told a crowd in Brooklyn last week. ""I think we have the campaign that has the momentum. ... And, with your help, we will win New York.""

A Sanders victory here would be a huge psychological blow toun the Clinton campaign, which has posited that the state is solidly her territory. Sanders' advisers are basing their strategy on convincing superdelegates that he can overtake Clinton over time, and victory here would help him make his case. However, with Clinton's lead in pledged delegates, her team knows that Sanders not only needs to win at least 56 percent of the remaining delegates to catch up.

Thursday's debate will be the largest platform yet for Clinton and Sanders to make their case to a state that could be pivotal in the race. Look for both of them to make major appeals to Democratic voters here based on their personal backgrounds.

Just across the river from the site of Thursday's CNN debate looms something that has engulfed the 2016 Democratic race: Wall Street.

Vowing to break up the big banks and railing against the outsized role of Wall Street in the American political system are at the core of Sanders' campaign. His unlikely bid for president has attracted a massive following in large part because of his populist message and promises to help poor and lower-income families.

But the fight between Clinton and Sanders over Wall Street has not only unfolded over policy disagreements.

Sanders has consistently used the financial industry to paint Clinton as an establishment insider in the pocket of special interests. He has slammed the former secretary of state for accepting donations from financial institutions, suggesting that she is beholden to big-money interests.

One major Wall Street bank has found itself in the middle of this flashpoint: Goldman Sachs.

At issue are three speeches Clinton made to Goldman Sachs, for which she was paid $675,000. Sanders has repeatedly called on Clinton to release the transcripts from those speeches, saying the public has a right to know what she said in those private settings.

Clinton said she would only do so if all of her rivals running for president are also held to the same standards.

Recently, Clinton has found a fresh line of attack against Sanders on the issue of Wall Street.

Asked whether she thinks her connections to Wall Street will play a more central role in the debate now that the race has come to New York, Clinton told reporters this week: Bring it on.

""Let it happen. I have a record. As your senator, I spoke out. I called for changes. I have the best policy toward dealing with what needs to happen to prevent Wall Street from ever wrecking Main Street again,"" she said. ""Sen. Sanders couldn't even answer questions about whatever his plan is so we'll talk.""

In an extensive interview with the New York Daily News, Sanders struggled to answer in detail questions about financial reform -- one of the pillars of his campaign. Clinton seized on the interview to raise questions about Sanders' readiness to be president.

President Barack Obama made a candid admission over the weekend: his administration wasn't adequately prepared to handle the fall of Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi.

The United States helped oust Gadhafi in 2011. As secretary of state, Clinton was a major actor in those efforts and as a presidential candidate has remained a defender of U.S actions in Libya. But her tenure at the State Department has been a significant vulnerability for Clinton: Republicans and critics have persistently criticized her handling of the 2012 attacks at a U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi, which killed U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens.

Sanders, for his part, has more broadly targeted Clinton's views on regime change. This tension could resurface Thursday night if Clinton chooses to defend Obama administration's engagement in Libya.

A key fight between Sanders and Clinton spilled out into the open with the recent release of a video showing Clinton angrily responding to a climate activist who accused her of accepting ""fossil fuel money"" while the candidate shook hands with supporters after an event.

When the activist, who is affiliated with environmentalist groups Greenpeace and 350 Action, asked if Clinton would ""reject"" funds from those industries, Clinton responded that she did not accept money directly from fossil fuel companies—an action that is illegal anyway, since corporations can't directly contribute to political campaigns—but that she did take money from individual donors who work in those industries. ""I'm so sick of the Sanders' campaign lying about me. I'm sick of it,"" Clinton said.

In truth, oil and gas industry employees have donated to both Clinton and Sanders. Clinton has received more than $300,000; Sanders about $50,000.

But Sanders has not backed down from the attack line, and his campaign has pointed to ""lobbyists and bundlers for the industry"" who have donated to Clinton and donations to super PACs supporting Clinton.

""Secretary Clinton owes us an apology. We were not lying. We were telling the truth,"" Sanders said during a rally on April 1 in Sheboygan, Wisconsin.

Although the candidates and their surrogates have answered questions about the issue since Clinton's altercation with the climate activist, Thursday's debate could be the first time they address it with one another directly in public. If Sanders confronts Clinton on it, it could be an opportunity for Clinton to try to put the attack to rest before a large audience.",1
1729,Why Marco Rubio has a real shot at 2016 Republican nomination,"Ted Cruz remains a conservative favorite in 2016. In 2012, the establishment backed his Senate opponent in Texas, then Lt. Governor David Dewhurst. The conservative grassroots backed Cruz and pushed him over the finish line. Cruz has since remained a favorite of the grassroots with a continually antagonist relationship with the Republican establishment.

In 2010, Rand Paul, before Cruz, was a grassroots favorite. The Republican Establishment backed his rival, Trey Grayson. Paul rallied a coalition of conservative grassroots and Ron Paul acolytes to trounce Grayson and win the Kentucky Senate seat. Since then, Paul has wobbled between maintaining grassroots support and developing establishment support. In 2014, for example, he backed Mitch McConnell for re-election and has taken an occasional aggressive position to contrast himself from Cruz.

In the same year Rand Paul won, the man who started the major revolt between grassroots activists and party leaders ran. It was the Rubio race that really exposed the divide between the base and the leadership. The leadership backed then Florida Governor Charlie Crist. The grassroots, led by former Senator Jim DeMint of South Carolina, allied with Marco Rubio. Activists began urging a boycott of the National Republican Senatorial Committee, the Washington group that helps the GOP take the Senate.

Rubio, over 2009, rose in the polls from three percent to victory. Crist was forced to flee the GOP to the Democratic Party where he has been beclowning himself ever since.

Once in Washington, Rubio remained a favorite of the grassroots until he tried to cut a deal with the Democrats on immigration. To his credit, he went on Rush Limbaugh’s program to defend it. He made aggressive outreach to conservatives behind the scenes. But it hurt him and the deal died.

Since then, Rubio has been very quiet. Behind the scenes, he has voted quite often with Senators Cruz and Mike Lee of Utah. He has been a voice for fiscal sanity, small government, and strong foreign policy.

He is also one of the kindest and most approachable men in Washington. He would rather talk football than politics. He would rather be with his wife and kids than at a fundraising event or Washington social party.

Monday, Rubio will declare his candidacy for the presidency of the United States. Cruz and Paul have gotten the attention so far. All three of these conservative senators, the grassroots revolutionaries, are announcing ahead of the smorgasbord of governors and other would be Republican contenders. Rubio’s path to the stage in Miami today explains why he might be better positioned than Cruz or Paul to make some headway.

Cruz remains the conservative grassroots’ darling. They see him as the purest conservative candidate and he probably is. If Cruz starts making deals to garner establishment support, however, he potentially sees his base collapse with a sense of betrayal. Cruz thinks he has the base firmly on his side. That is usually the moment the ground begins to soften.

Paul has ceded the conservative grassroots to Cruz and has set about reorganizing his father’s coalition. Many conservative grassroots, though they sympathize with Paul on fiscal and civil libertarian issues, murmur in aggravated tones that Paul backed McConnell in 2014 and did not back Ted Cruz’s efforts to defund ObamaCare in 2013. Instead, Paul used that to try to contrast himself as an adult in the room versus Cruz and the grassroots. Then there are his national security issues, which give a lot of the right heartburn.

Rubio, however, is the original Tea Party candidate. His candidacy united the grassroots against the leadership and he won. The Washington crowd convinced themselves he could not win, but the grassroots proved they could pick a winner. Rubio was the first.

While Cruz and Paul began forging coalitions, Rubio worked to not undermine his relations with the grassroots while not antagonizing the establishment. His immigration compromise hurt him, but he seeks the nomination in an party that nominated both John McCain and Mitt Romney, two men to the left of Rubio on immigration.

Monday in Miami, Marco Rubio will declare his candidacy for the presidency and of the three conservative Senators to run, he is most likely the Goldilocks of the bunch. He is not too tied to the grassroots to antagonize the establishment. He is not too tied to the civil libertarians to antagonize the conservatives. And he has not gone out of his way to reject the base of grassroots supporters who got him elected in order to curry favor with the leadership.

He strikes the right balance. He has also been so sufficiently off the radar, by design, for so long that many donors and primary voters will want to listen again to the man who united the right to beat Charlie Crist and the establishment in 2010.

They may like what they hear.

Erick Erickson is a Fox News contributor. He is host of ""Erick on the Radio"" and founder/editor of The Resurgent. He is the founder of RedState.com. Follow him on Twitter @EWErickson.",1
4937,Trump’s Alt-Right. Hillary’s Alt Left.,"In an attempt to give moderate Republicans, who are disturbed by Donald Trump, an escape hatch,  Hillary Clinton has dubbed Trump and his supporters the ‘Alt-right.’  In layman’s terms, she means you are bigoted, racist, homophobic, xenophobic and a demagogue if you support Trump.

In doing so, she’s defending the Republican Party of Mitt Romney who was also called elitist and racist in the last presidential election of 2012.

Many define the “alt-right” as opposing diversity and immigration, believing they are superior to all other humans. This is the Clinton campaign’s vain attempt to thwart Trump’s unprecedented outreach to minorities for the past two weeks (as no Republican ever has).

In reaction, Clinton’s vice-presidential running-mate Sen. Tim Kaine compared Trump and his supporters to slave owners.  Kaine? This represents the Alt-Left.

The Alt-left is a group of people who have nothing to offer. They have no facts to support their opinion and their factual assessments are grossly out of context and disingenuous. This group will blame minority communities’ problems on the rest of the country. They will use shocking statistics pointing to the harsh realities these minorities face. But, when a candidate like Trump begins to share those same numbers and offer different solutions, they attack what was previously their own language as racist and dark.

Clinton is the queen of the kingdom of Alt-Left. Spanning four decades, a single year hasn’t known the absence of a Hillary Clinton scandal. She wants us to forget that.

‘Alt-Lefters’ have no common sense or business acumen so they cheat in order to make profit:  The Clintons’ Whitewater scandal.  One doesn’t have to look further than to the video of Hillary Clinton laughing about helping a rape victim (who she knows was guilty) escape prosecution. When it comes to politics, which delivers a lot of personal-power, the corruption is even worse: private email servers exposing state secrets, the selling of access (for tens-of-millions of dollars) via donations to their so-called ‘charity’ Clinton Foundation and an avalanche of lies covering up this illicit behavior.

Clinton is appealing to the moderate-Republicans with her Alt-Right rhetoric. She knows they are scared. I call these ‘moderates’ rabbits. They stand on the side of the road and nibble on the grass. At the first sight of traffic they run into the weeds and hide. They serve very little purpose and they reproduce rapidly. The Alt-Left (uh…Clinton) is the car. The moment she swerves in their direction, the moderate Republican-rabbit runs.

What is the Alt-Right? In my view, these are the people who fight back, run toward challenges, speak with candor and a refreshing air of the truth. Occasionally, they make you cringe due to a heart of passion (not hate). These are the leaders and influencers who have the ability to cause change.

On the Alt-Left, truth has no place in the journey for power and attention. For example, the Democratic National Committee email leak (from Wikileaks) proves they will even cheat amongst their own ranks.  Disgraced chairwoman Debbie Wasserman-Schultz gave us a glimpse of their playbook: attack and destroy all political foes.  The call to action was to attack Democrat presidential candidate Bernie Sanders regarding his faith and religion, essentially casting him as an atheist.

The Alt-Left’s only agenda is to disparage their opponent in order to cause fear and distract voters from assailant’s own deviant behavior. Their biggest weapon is to camouflage the vast array of differences amongst races, faith, gender and cultural backgrounds while projecting their own inherent racism, immorality, bigotry and elitism onto their opponent.

The Alt-Left exhibits many of the traits of borderline personality disorder (BPD): fear of abandonment, up and down moods, unstable self-image, impulsive and risky behavior. These symptoms are the personification of people who consistently use projection.

I’m certainly not labeling anyone as BPD, but I am pointing out that the Alt-Left has some of the worst personality traits known to mankind.

The ‘Alternative Right’ is not inherently ‘Right’ or conservative at all. It’s simply a group of people who have thrown political correctness aside and have decided to support a disruptor –  someone who can break up the political strongholds in Washington and return it to the people.

The Alt-Right movement is powered by truth and by pointing out the failures of our country’s present leadership. It shares the reality of how grim this country’s future appears without sweeping change to our political and cultural behavior.

Their truths are an absolute defense. It’s not racist, bigoted or demagoguery. The only way to deal with the truth is to embrace it or attack its messenger. “Alt-Right” is the attack.

Bryan Crabtree is the host of The Bryan Crabtree Show, which can be heard on Atlanta’s Biz 1190.",1
2780,Jimmy Carter offers help for Russia’s bombing campaign in Syria,"Former President Jimmy Carter said recently that he provided maps of Islamic State positions in Syria to the Russian embassy in Washington, a move apparently at odds with the Obama administration’s official policy of not cooperating with Russia in the Syrian war.

Carter said on Sunday in Georgia that he knows Russian President Vladimir Putin “fairly well” because they “have a common interest in fly fishing.” When he met with Putin in April along with other global leaders to discuss the crises in Syria and Ukraine, the Russian president gave him an email address so the two could discuss his “fly fishing experiences, particularly in Russia,” Carter said.

The civil war in Syria, where U.S. officials say Russia has bombed rebels and CIA-backed groups rather than the Islamic State terrorist group, has also been a topic of conversation between the two. Carter said he sent maps of the Islamic State’s locations in Syria, produced by the Carter Center, to the Russian embassy so Moscow could improve the accuracy of its strikes.

“I sent [Putin] a message Thursday and asked him if he wanted a copy of our map so he could bomb accurately in Syria, and then on Friday, the Russian embassy in Atlanta—I mean in Washington, called down and told me they would like very much to have the map,” Carter said at his Sunday school class in Georgia, according to a video of his remarks first aired by NBC News. “So in the future, if Russia doesn’t bomb the right places, you’ll know it’s not Putin’s fault but it’s my fault,” he added as the audience laughed.

Obama administration officials have publicly said the United States will not collaborate with Russia as long as it targets U.S.-backed rebels in an effort to prop up Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, a longtime ally of Moscow. The administration has said Assad must eventually step down as part of efforts to seek a political resolution to the Syrian war. “We are not prepared to cooperate on strategy which, as we explained, is flawed, tragically flawed, on the Russians’ part,” said Ash Carter, U.S. defense secretary, earlier this month.

Click for more from the Washington Free Beacon.",1
1050,"In Trump's World, Women Have Always Been Objects","The tagline for the 2016 GOP race might as well be, ""Make America Misogynist Again."" On Wednesday night, Donald Trump and Ted Cruz got into a Twitter spat. After a conservative anti-Trump SuperPAC ran a gross, slut-shaming ad which used a half-naked photograph of Trump's wife Melania, Trump threatened to ""spill the beans"" on Cruz's wife, Heidi, presumably because he thought Cruz was behind the ad. (The SuperPAC is not affiliated with the Cruz campaign, though it is backing Cruz against Trump.)  Trump then retweeted the below image, which compares a model shot of Melania with an unflattering photograph of Heidi. ""These images are worth a thousand words,"" reads the meme, implying that when it comes to the position of First Lady, all that matters is a woman's hotness.

To Cruz's credit -- and I truly can't believe I'm giving a man who has compared abortion to slavery credit for anything that has to do with women -- Cruz didn't take Trump's bait. Instead he responded with this tweet:

For Trump, and the GOP candidates writ large, the 2016 election has come down to a pathetic (and terrifying) rallying cry for traditional masculinity. There have been comments about hand size and comments about dick size and comments about Marco Rubio's ""high-heeled booties."" Trump has indirectly called Cruz a ""pussy"" and a ""soft, weak little baby,"" and said that Romney would have ""dropped to his knees"" for a 2012 endorsement. As The Guardian's Jessica Valenti put it, Trump and Cruz have officially ""gone full cavemen."" We are seeing the #MasculinitySoFragile hashtag play out in real time.  As women -- or any group of people who aren't straight, white men -- continue to demand their voices be heard, and that policy change accordingly, we will see a backlash from those traditional arbiters of power. The 2016 GOP race has become their vicious last stand. Editor’s note: Donald Trump regularly incites political violence and is a serial liar, rampant xenophobe, racist, misogynist  and birther who has repeatedly pledged to ban all Muslims — 1.6 billion members of an entire religion — from entering the U.S.",1
2533,Ted Cruz Says GOP Leaders Planned To Cave On Immigration All Along,"Cruz’s remarks came soon after House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) decided to bring up a “clean” bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security, backing down from the effort to use department funding to strip authority for Obama’s executive actions.

""Since December, the outcome has been baked in the cake. It was abundantly clear to anyone watching that leadership in both houses intended to capitulate on the fight against amnesty,"" Cruz said, adding, ""It was a strategy doomed to failure. It’s an old adage in Washington: Never take a hostage you’re not prepared to shoot.""

Cruz's comments referred to the decision made in December 2014 to stall funding only for DHS, which made that agency the GOP's major source of leverage in the immigration battle. The Texas Republican pointed out that he earned the ""animosity and ire"" of his colleagues at that time because he supported threatening to shut down government agencies.

""There was no chance, zero, that Republicans were going to fail to fund the Department of Homeland Security because Republicans care deeply about homeland security,"" Cruz continued.

But Cruz failed to note that Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) had vowed to prevent all federal agencies, not just DHS, from shutting down. The shutdown strategy was doomed by the fact that the Senate has too few Republicans to overcome opposition from Democrats, who are against the method of using government funding to target White House policies. As a result, McConnell and Boehner had few practical options to achieve Cruz's objective of standing up to Obama through a shutdown.

Still, Cruz implied the leaders did not try very hard, saying they should at least have chosen a better hostage.

""If we had been serious about this fight, and we should have been, the continuing resolution [under which DHS funding expired in February 2015] should have focused on the EPA, or the IRS or the Department of Labor,"" Cruz said. ""Now, those are departments which a majority would be prepared to allow funding to temporarily expire in order to use as leverage.""

When a reporter pointed out that Cruz himself did not take advantage of an opportunity in last week's battle to delay funding a little longer, the senator defended himself, saying: ""I have fought against executive amnesty at every stage using every tool that is available. Leadership has made the decision to capitulate.""

""We see a pattern over and over again. When Republicans are running for office, they tell their constituents they will be conservative, they will honor and defend the Constitution, they will follow through on the principles their constituents are trusting them to follow through upon,"" Cruz said. ""And yet, sadly, in Washington, far too many forget those promises the day after the campaign.""",1
603,The Surprising Voting Rights Issue Both Democrats and Republicans Support,"The Supreme Court gutted a key portion of the law in 2013 and told Congress to provide a fix. But only a handful of Republicans support a House bill that would do so by specifying which states and localities with a history of minority voter suppression require extra scrutiny when changing their voting laws. In the Senate, Democrats still can't find a single GOP co-sponsor for their forthcoming bill.

""I think if someone is judged to have completed their debt to society, then that's certainly something that should be seriously considered,"" said Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.). ""I don't think someone -- if they paid their debt to society -- why they can't re-enter society.""

Currently, the question of whether an ex-offender can vote in a state or federal election is largely determined by where the person lives. Some states permanently revoke voting rights for people convicted of a felony. Other states, like Maine and Vermont, never strip felons of their voting rights, even while they are in prison. Most states do restore voting rights to ex-felons after they have served their full sentence, but the process for registering again to vote can be burdensome.

Myrna Pérez, deputy director of the Democracy Program at the Brennan Center, said that states are taking action on this front and the “general trajectory is to ease restrictions.” Since 1997, Brennan reports, at least 23 states have expanded voter eligibility or eased the process by which rights are restored.

The issue is also forging unusual alliances on Capitol Hill. Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), a potential 2016 presidential candidate, and Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) are co-sponsors of the Civil Rights Voting Restoration Act of 2015, which would reinstate voting rights to nonviolent ex-offenders for federal elections, unless an individual is serving a sentence or a term of probation at the time of the election.

""A criminal record is currently one of the biggest impediments to voting in federal elections,"" Paul said in a statement. ""The Civil Rights Voting Restoration Act will reform existing federal law and give low-level ex-offenders another opportunity to vote. This is an issue that I feel strongly about, and I will continue to fight for the restoration of voting rights in the hopes of giving non-violent ex-offenders a second chance.""

Their bill doesn't have any other co-sponsors. But given the sentiments of Graham and McCain, for example, that may be more because it's not on people's radars right now.

But that bill goes further than the Paul-Reid plan: It would restore voting rights for federal elections to anyone, including violent offenders, who is not incarcerated and serving a felony sentence at the time of the election. That appears to be a line Republicans won't cross, given that none are signed onto that bill in either chamber.

HuffPost counted 10 Senate Republicans who are co-sponsors of at least one criminal justice reform bill, and reached out to all of them to see if they support restoring voting rights to ex-offenders. Besides Paul, Graham and Hatch, those senators include John Cornyn (Texas), Mike Lee (Utah), Ted Cruz (Texas), Jeff Flake (Ariz.), Johnny Isakson (Ga.), Marco Rubio (Fla.) and David Perdue (Ga.).

Cardin did a little test recently to see what kind of support he'd get on a voting rights measure -- and he got decent results. During last week's Senate budget debate, he offered an amendment to fund an initiative to notify inmates of their voting rights and produce a report on the effect of criminal disenfranchisement laws on minorities. The vote was purely symbolic, but four Republicans supported it: Paul, Lisa Murkowski (Alaska), Bob Corker (Tenn.) and Lamar Alexander (Tenn.).",1
3782,Michael Brown's Family To File Wrongful Death Lawsuit,"The family of Michael Brown will file a civil lawsuit against the city of Ferguson, Missouri, and former Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson, an attorney for the family announced Thursday.

The news comes just one day after the U.S. Department of Justice officially announced its decision not to file federal charges against Wilson for fatally shooting Brown last July.

In a press conference, family attorney Anthony Gray expressed the family’s disappointment in the Justice Department’s decision and announced the next legal actions they plan to take.

“We are officially formulating a civil case that we anticipate will be filed very shortly on behalf of the family,” Gray said. “We plan to demonstrate in a court of law that Wilson’s choice to use deadly force was unreasonable and unnecessary.”

Brown's parents, Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr., attended the conference but did not make any comments. However, their frustration with the department's decision is widely shared by many local officials, residents and protesters -- some of whom took to the streets Wednesday evening to demonstrate their outrage.

The criticism was further fueled by a scathing report released by the Justice Department, also on Wednesday. The report revealed that the city of Ferguson had engaged in unconstitutional patrolling practices that routinely discriminated against African-Americans. It also disclosed emails proving racial bias on behalf of Ferguson police officials.

""[It] really just confirms what many of us already knew and what has been experienced by many African-Americans here in the St. Louis region for quite some time,"" St. Louis Alderman Antonio French told HuffPost Live on Wednesday, referring to the report.

""Some of the specific details were shocking, [but] there's a culture that's been allowed to fester in Ferguson and one that's really been experienced by African-Americans for years and boiled over last year,"" French continued.

Attorneys for the Brown family say they hope some level of accountability can be reached through the civil case. Meanwhile, French has taken the lead in calling for the resignation of the chief of the Ferguson Police Department.

“I think some of the specific details outlined in this Department of Justice report really make it impossible for him to stay there,” he said. “When you have the culture that exists with these racist emails ... the stats alone suggest he needs to go.""",1
3444,Audio: Justice Scalia on black students at top schools,"""There are those who contend that it does not benefit African-Americans to get them into the University of Texas where they do not do well, as opposed to having them go to a less-advanced school, a slower-track school where they do well,"" Scalia said Wednesday during oral arguments in a case involving a race-conscious college admissions plan. The 79-year-old justice, speaking to a hushed courtroom, then referenced a friend-of-the-court brief filed in the case. ""One of the briefs pointed out that most of the black scientists in this country don't come from schools like the University of Texas,"" he said, ""they come from lesser schools where they do not feel that they're being pushed ahead in classes that are too fast for them.""

Scalia said he wasn't ""impressed"" that the University of Texas may have fewer African Americans. ""Maybe it ought to have fewer. And maybe some -- you know, when you take more, the number of blacks, really competent blacks admitted to lesser schools, turns out to be less.""

Reid took to the Senate floor Thursday to condemn Scalia's statements. Lewis, a civil rights icon who marched in Selma, released a statement saying he was ""shocked and amazed"" by Scalia. ""His suggestion that African Americans would fare better at schools that are 'less advanced' or on a 'slow track' reminds me of the kind of prejudice that led to separate and unequal school systems—a policy the Supreme Court declared unconstitutional decades ago,"" Lewis said.

The justices of the U.S. Supreme Court sit for their official photograph on October 8, 2010, at the Supreme Court. Front row, from left: Clarence Thomas, Antonin Scalia, Chief Justice John G. Roberts, Anthony M. Kennedy and Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Back row, from left: Sonia Sotomayor, Stephen Breyer, Samuel Alito Jr. and Elena Kagan. Scalia was found dead on February 13 at a Texas ranch he was visiting. – Justice Antonin Scalia was appointed by President Ronald Reagan in 1986 to fill the seat vacated by Justice William Rehnquist when he was elevated to chief justice. A constitutional originalist -- and a colorful orator -- Scalia was a member of the court's conservative wing. At the time of his death, Scalia was the court's longest-serving justice. – In 2005, Chief Justice John G. Roberts was nominated by President George W. Bush to succeed Justice Sandra Day O'Connor as an associate justice. After Chief Justice William Rehnquist died, however, Bush named Roberts to the chief justice post. The court has moved to the right during his tenure, although Roberts supplied the key vote to uphold President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act. – Justice Anthony M. Kennedy was appointed to the court by President Ronald Reagan in 1988. He is a conservative justice but has provided crucial swing votes in many cases and authored landmark opinions, most notably in Obergefell v. Hodges, which legalized same-sex marriage nationwide. – Justice Clarence Thomas is the second African-American to serve on the court, succeeding Justice Thurgood Marshall when he was appointed by President George H. W. Bush in 1991. He is a conservative, a strict constructionist who supports states' rights. – Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is the second woman to serve on the Supreme Court. Appointed by President Bill Clinton in 1993, she is a strong voice in the court's liberal wing. – Justice Stephen G. Breyer was appointed to the court in 1994 by President Bill Clinton and is part of the court's liberal wing. – Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. was appointed by President George W. Bush in 2006 and is known as one of the most conservative justices to serve on the court in modern times. – Justice Sonia Sotomayor is the court's first Hispanic and third female justice. She was appointed by President Barack Obama in 2009 and is regarded as a resolutely liberal member of the court. – Justice Elena Kagan is the fourth female justice and is counted among the court's liberal wing. She was appointed in 2010, at the age of 50, by President Barack Obama and is the court's youngest member. On Friday, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said Scalia should recuse himself from any case before the high court involving discrimination. ""It's so disappointing to hear that statement coming from a justice of the Supreme Court,"" she told Politico. ""It clearly shows a bias."" Janai Nelson, associate director-counsel of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, was sitting in court when Scalia spoke. ""My first reaction was disbelief and disappointment,"" Nelson said. ""In a case with this much significance, for a Supreme Court justice to make comments that amplify the myth of racial inferiority, is deeply disheartening."" Scalia's comments have also spawned a protest Twitter hashtag, #StayMadAbby, where African-Americans have posted pictures of themselves celebrating their college graduations. The court does not allow video into the room or any type of live broadcasts of oral arguments and only releases audio at the end of each argument week. Lawmakers on Capitol Hill have pressured justices to permit live video, with no success. While Scalia's words reverberated outside the legal world, they were familiar to some of those who have been following the legal challenge to affirmative action in higher education. One person who had no visible reaction to Scalia was Justice Clarence Thomas, who rarely speaks during oral arguments. While Thomas and Scalia don't agree on every case, they agree quite a bit. Thomas, the only African American on the bench, has made clear that he thinks public universities should not take race into consideration. He dissented from a 2003 case that upheld the admissions program at the University of Michigan Law school. And as for the lawyer who Scalia was addressing, Gregory S. Garre, he took the question in stride and was quick to respond forcefully. Garre, the former solicitor general in the George W. Bush administration, is defending the University of Texas against a challenge from Abigail Fisher, a white woman from Texas who is suing the university arguing she was denied admission based on her race. ""Frankly, I don't think the solution to the problems with student body diversity can be to set up a system in which not only are minorities going to separate schools, they're going to inferior schools,"" Garre said in response to Scalia. Garre has defended the university before the court on two separate occasions. Like others immersed in the affirmative action debate, he likely recognized that Scalia was referring to the controversial ""mismatch"" theory popularized by UCLA law professor Richard Sander and legal journalist Stuart Taylor Jr. in their book, ""Mismatch: How Affirmative Action Hurts Students It's intended to Help, and why Universities won't admit it."" They filed a brief in the case, as did Gail Heriot of the University of San Diego School of Law. ""Research indicates that students who attend schools where their entering academic credentials put them towards the bottom of the class are less likely to succeed then similarly-credentialed students attending schools where their academic credentials more closely 'match' the typical student's,"" Heriot wrote. Heriot was not in court to hear Scalia, but she read a transcript of arguments and she defends Scalia's comments. ""He was trying to articulate the extensive literature that shows race-preferential admission policies end up hurting rather than helping their intended beneficiaries, especially in the area of science and engineering,"" she said afterwards. ""We do ourselves a great disservice when we jump all over people for failing to phrase a question in the best possible way,"" Heriot added. The first time the Fisher case was heard by the court in 2012 the justices issued a very narrow opinion and sent the case back down to the lower court to take another look. In a concurring opinion, Thomas echoed the mismatch theory. ""The University admits minorities who otherwise would have attended less selective colleges where they would have been more evenly matched,"" Thomas wrote. ""But, as a result of the mismatching, many blacks and Hispanics who likely would have excelled at less elite schools are placed in a position where underperformance is all but inevitable because they are less academically prepared than the white and Asian students with whom they must compete"" he said. Read: Supreme Court declines to take up ban on assault weapons Thomas, and his other eight colleagues all attended elite universities, a point not lost on Nelson, who took Scalia's comment to also be a dig at historically black colleges and universities. ""In additon to denigrating an entire group of students, he also denigrated many of the institutions that have successfully served African Americans when a majority of the institutions in this country would not,"" she said. Sign up for CNN Politics' Nightcap newsletter, serving up today's best and tomorrow's essentials in politics.",1
2252,The next battle over same-sex marriage,"(CNN) The battle over same-sex marriage may have drawn to a dramatic close Friday at the Supreme Court. But as several justices noted in forceful dissents, the war between religious and LGBT rights is far from over.

In a landmark opinion, a divided Supreme Court ruled that states cannot ban same-sex marriage, establishing a new civil right and handing gay and lesbian advocates a long-sought victory.

President Barack Obama, speaking after the highly anticipated ruling, urged those celebrating to keep in mind that many Americans oppose same-sex marriage ""based on sincere and deeply held beliefs."" Those beliefs, he suggested, should remain a protected part of the country's ""deep commitment to religious freedom.""

Still, fierce battles over religious and LGBT rights, like the one fought this spring in Indiana, seem likely to intensify across the country after Obergefell v. Hodges.

While polls show that a majority of religious Americans now support same-sex marriage, many prominent groups -- such as the Catholic Church, the Southern Baptist Convention and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints -- do not. Leaders from those groups pledged on Friday to seek legal means to shield their beliefs from state interference.

In his sweeping decision, Justice Anthony Kennedy, who wrote for the majority, briefly mentioned faith groups' right to object to same-sex marriage.

""The First Amendment ensures that religions, those who adhere to religious doctrines and others have protection as they seek to teach the principles that are so fulfilling and so central to their lives and faiths,"" Kennedy said.

The point bears repeating, the justice said.

""It must be emphasized that religions, and those who adhere to religious doctrines, may continue to advocate with utmost, sincere conviction that, by divine precepts, same-sex marriage should not be condoned.""

But more conservative justices and a number of religious groups chided Kennedy for failing to mention the First Amendment's ""free exercise"" clause.

Religious rights (and rites) aren't limited to preaching and teaching, they argued. They also entail individuals' and organizations' ""free exercise"" of faith, a wide swath of activities that run from sacred ceremonies to performing charitable works and running businesses according to religious principles.

""Religious liberty is about freedom of action in matters of religion generally,"" Justice Clarence Thomas said in his dissent, ""and the scope of that liberty is directly correlated to the civil restraints placed upon religious practice.""

He dismissed the majority's nod toward religious liberty as a ""weak gesture,"" arguing that the ruling could have ""ruinous consequences.""

""In our society, marriage is not simply a governmental institution; it is a religious institution as well,"" Thomas said. ""Today's decision might change the former, but it cannot change the latter.""

Friday's decision makes it ""all but inevitable,"" the conservative justice said, that competing definitions of marriage will come into conflict. Thomas suggested that pastors and churches will be confronted with demands to participate in and endorse same-sex marriages.

There is historical precedent for such demands, Thomas said, citing Virginia laws that once imposed criminal penalties on pastors who presided over mixed-race marriages.

Chief Justice John Roberts said ""hard questions"" will arise when people of faith exercise their religious liberty in ways that conflict with the new right to same-sex marriage.

What happens, the chief justice asked, when a religious college provides student housing only to heterosexual couples? Or a faith-based adoption agency refuses to place children with same-sex spouses? Would both lose their tax exemptions?

""There is little doubt that these and similar questions will soon be before this Court,"" Roberts continued. ""Unfortunately, people of faith can take no comfort in the treatment they receive from the majority today.""

The conservative justice said that Friday's ruling on same-sex marriage ""is not of special importance to me.""

""It is of overwhelming importance, however, who it is that rules me,"" Scalia said. ""Today's decree says that my Ruler, and the Ruler of 320 million Americans coast-to-coast, is a majority of the nine lawyers on the Supreme Court.""

Archbishop William Lori of Baltimore, the U.S. Catholic bishops' point-man on religious rights, said Friday's ruling will affect ""thousands"" of state and local statutes across the country. The archbishop said he could foresee ""a lot of legal controversies in terms of the way we organize and run our ministries.""

Most troubling for the Catholic Church, Lori said in a conference call with the media, is that while ruling recognizes religious groups' right to free speech, it doesn't acknowledge ""the right to follow our teachings when we are intersecting with the broader society.""

Evangelicals, too, who make up about 25% of the country's population, pledged to fight the legal implications of Friday's ruling.

""We will not allow the government to coerce or infringe upon the rights of institutions to live by the sacred belief that only men and women can enter into marriage.""

One of the statement's signees, Russell Moore, president of the Southern Baptist Convention's Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission, called ""religious liberty"" the ""next front in the skirmish in American life.""

The skirmish will likely endure for years, Moore said at a press conference on Friday, with casualties on both sides.

""One of the most tragic results we could possibly see is an unrelenting cultural war from progressives toward those who dissent because of deeply held religious convictions.""",1
717,"Clinton, Sanders Split the Votes in Tuesday's Primaries","Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders split the votes in Tuesday's primaries, with Clinton barely pulling out a victory in Kentucky, while Sanders won a decisive victory in Oregon.

And the socialist senator from Vermont again claimed he can beat presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump in the general election in November.

""If the Democratic Party wants to be certain that Donald Trump is defeated – and that we must do – we together are the campaign to do that,"" Sanders said.

Despite the split, Clinton is virtually certain to be the Democrat's nominee and polls are showing a very tight race between her and Trump.",1
1087,"Sorry, Hillary, but we’re done: Keep repeating racist myths and praising Kissinger and the Reagans. I’m switching to Bernie Sanders","If the 2016 presidential campaign were a football game, the Democrats would be heading into it as two-touchdown favorites. Facing a Republican Party that seems to have collectively lost its mind, America’s purportedly liberal party only needs to put forth a minimally competent candidate to win an election in which that candidate will face either a reality TV star who combines ranting racist rhetoric with a bottomless ignorance of every policy question under the sun, or an extreme right-wing religious fanatic.

With the presidential election all but being handed to them, the Democratic Party’s powers that be have almost unanimously decided that Hillary Clinton is liberal America’s best hope to keep the nation from being taken over by right-wing maniacs. (In terms of endorsements, FiveThirtyEight.com’s formula currently has Clinton ahead of Bernie Sanders by a total of 478 to six. Even the much-reviled Donald Trump has more support among Republican power brokers than Sanders has from Democratic pooh-bahs).

The problem with this decision is that it’s becoming clear that Hillary Clinton is a really bad candidate. I say that not as a Bernie Sanders supporter: my attitude toward the Democratic primary has been that just about the only relevant consideration is the question of whether Clinton or Sanders would be more likely to win the general election, given how catastrophic a GOP win would be.

Until recently, I was assuming that Clinton would be a stronger challenger to either Trump or Cruz, so I was hoping she would win out against Sanders. But I’ve changed my mind about that.

Clinton keeps making serious mistakes – and these mistakes follow a pattern that reveal why she’s making it increasingly difficult for even mildly progressive voters to support her.

Clinton’s latest blunder was her bizarre claim that Nancy and Ronald Reagan played an important role in getting Americans to talk about AIDS in the 1980s: “It may be hard for your viewers to remember how difficult it was for people to talk about H.I.V./AIDS back in the 1980s,” Clinton told MSNBC. “And because of both President and Mrs. Reagan – in particular, Mrs. Reagan – we started a national conversation, when before nobody would talk about it. Nobody wanted anything to do with it.”

This is not merely false, but the precise inverse of the truth. Ronald Reagan managed to avoid ever mentioning the AIDS epidemic for the first several years of his presidency. The famous activist slogan “Silence = Death” was coined in response to the Reagan administration’s studied refusal to even acknowledge the epidemic. Indeed, the Reagans “started a national conversation” about AIDS in the same sense that Donald Trump has started a national conversation about the extent to which racism characterizes much of the Republican Party’s base.

Clinton’s surreal historical revisionism – which she walked back after a firestorm of criticism – is typical of the eagerness with which she embraces even the most dubious figures, as long as they are members of what my colleague Scott Lemieux calls America’s “overcompensated and underperforming elites.” For example, Clinton continues to cozy up to Henry Kissinger, and to the same bankers who came close to wrecking the world economy just a few years ago, shortly before they started paying her millions of dollars to give speeches to them. A few weeks ago she repeated the racist myth that “radical” Northerners imposed corrupt governments on the defeated South after the Civil War, and thus paved the way for Jim Crow and the Ku Klux Klan. This week she engaged in some good old-fashioned red-baiting, criticizing Sanders for opposing America’s sordid history of dirty wars in Latin America, which she mischaracterized as his support for Communist dictatorships. All of this is both wrong as a matter of principle, and stupid politics to boot. How many votes does she think she’s going to get from (increasingly imaginary) “moderate Republicans” as a consequence of this 1990s-style triangulation? Not nearly as many as she’ll lose among disgusted liberals, who remember that the Contras were terrorists, that Kissinger is a war criminal of the first order, that Reconstruction didn’t cause the virulent racism that undermined it, and that the Reagans’ silence regarding AIDS contributed to countless unnecessary deaths. I will, of course, vote for Clinton if she’s the nominee – she is after all vastly preferable to either Trump or Cruz – but by now this is starting to feel like pointing out that a sprained ankle is preferable to a heart attack.",1
1071,"Expected wins for Clinton, Trump rivals in big Saturday balloting, but will it be enough?","Polling and caucus sites opened Saturday morning in five states in which rivals to Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump will try to slow the Democratic and Republican front-runners' march to their respective party’s presidential nomination.

Republicans are caucusing in Kansas, Kentucky and Maine, while Democrats are caucusing in Kansas and Nebraska. Republicans and Democrats also are voting Saturday in the Louisiana primary.

Maine Democrats caucus on Sunday, while voters in both parties go to the polls in the Puerto Rico primary.

Texas GOP Sen. Ted Cruz is hoping to do well in Kansas, Kentucky and Maine caucuses, and the Louisiana primary. A good showing would help him secure his position as the No. 2 GOP candidate ahead of Florida Sen. Marco Rubio. But neither appears to have a path toward winning enough delegates or the nomination.

""Being a conservative cannot just be about how loud you're willing to scream ... or about how many names you call people,"" Rubio said Saturday at CPAC, the annual gathering of conservatives, just outside of Washington.

Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, Clinton’s only primary competitor, is favored to win the Kansas and Nebraska caucuses.

Clinton’s campaign manager braced supporters for the potential setback in a memo Wednesday that suggested the former secretary of state may lose the caucus states this weekend.

“Sen. Sanders has clear advantages and is investing heavily in two upcoming caucuses (Kansas and Nebraska),” Robby Mook wrote in a memo.

In total, 109 Democratic delegates are up for grabs, while Republicans are competing for 155.

Clinton leads Sanders 1,066 to 432 in the delegate race. Either needs 4,763 to win the party nomination.

On the Republican side, Trump leads with 329 delegates, followed by 231 for Cruz, 110 for Rubio and 25 for Kasich. The GOP canidate needs 2,472 to win the nomination, with increasing talk, particularly within the GOP establishment, about having a so-called “broker convention” to stop Trump’s insurgent candidacy.

Trump has won in New Hampshire, South Carolina, Nevada, Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Massachusetts, Tennessee, Vermont and Virginia.

Cruz has won in Iowa, Alaska, Oklahoma, Texas and now Kansas. Rubio won Minnesota on Super Tuesday earlier this week.

Republican candidate Ben Carson, meanwhile, suspended his campaign on Friday.

""We are going to make America great again,"" Trump said at a rally Saturday afternoon in Wichita, Kansas, sticking with his signature campaign slogan.

He also tried to appeal to heart land voters with his so-far wining message of building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, restoring America's military might and repealing and replacing ObamaCare.

""You premiums are going up like a rocket ship,"" Trump said to cheers from the packed rally.""

Trump late went to north Orlando, Florida, for a rally ahead of the state’s March 15 winner-take-all primary that is considered a must-win for Rubio. A win in Florida and Ohio, another take-all March 15 primary, would be a huge step toward Trump winning the nomination.

On Friday, Trump pulled out of CPAC. Trump had been scheduled to speak at the four-day gathering but said he would be campaigning instead in Kansas and Florida. Florida holds its primaries on March 15.

CPAC organizers suggested they cancelled Trump’s appearance because he wouldn't take questions, a format all invited candidates were asked to follow.

“Guess what, tomorrow is an election,” a Trump spokeswoman said Friday, giving her explanation about why the candidate won’t attend the event.

The CPAC controversy follows a raucous Fox News Republican debate Thursday night in Detroit in which Cruz, Rubio and Kasich teamed up against Trump to cast him as a political salesman willing to say anything and take any position to win the nomination.

They hammered him on alleged inconsistences on his policy details and business dealings, including the now-defunct Trump University, which is being sued for scamming students out of thousands of dollars.",1
1805,True Believer? Why Donald Trump Is The Choice Of The Religious Right,"True Believer? Why Donald Trump Is The Choice Of The Religious Right

When Donald Trump stepped to the podium in a football stadium in Mobile, Alabama, filled with 30,000 people there to hear him spread the gospel of Trump, he was overcome.

""Now I know how the great Billy Graham felt,"" Trump said last month.

Trump and Graham, the famed Baptist revival preacher and counselor to presidents, are not exactly cut from the same cloth. And yet, Trump is winning over Christian conservatives in the current Republican presidential primary.

That's right — the candidate currently leading among the most faith-filled voters is a twice-divorced casino mogul, who isn't an active member of any church, once supported abortion rights, has a history of crass language — and who says he's never asked God's forgiveness for any of it.

If that sounds like an Onion story, it's not. His blunt talk against a broken political system in a country rank-and-file evangelicals believe is veering away from its traditional cultural roots is connecting. He pledges to ""Make America Great Again,"" a positive spin on the similar Tea Party refrain of ""Take Our Country Back.""

That redeeming message — and his tough talk on immigration, foreign policy and the Republican establishment — is quite literally trumping traditional evangelical concerns about a candidate's morality or religious beliefs.

""I've come to see somebody that's not scared to say what he thinks, and he thinks like I think,"" gushed Joe Smart, a security guard who was at a Trump event in Greenville, S.C., last month. ""He's religious, and from what I hear, he's going to change the White House back to Christianity. I pray every night that our nation will come back to God.""

It's all left prominent evangelical leaders in disbelief.

""Trump has made his living as a casino mogul in an industry that preys on the poor and incentivizes immoral and often criminal behavior,"" said Dr. Russell Moore, head of the influential Southern Baptist Convention's Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission.

Moore offered a searingly blunt assessment of the current GOP front-runner in an interview with NPR. ""He's someone who is an unrepentant serial adulterer who has abandoned two wives for other women,"" he added. ""He's someone who has spoken in vulgar and harsh terms about women, as well as in ugly and hateful ways about immigrants and other minorities. I don't think this is someone who represents the values that evangelicals in this country aspire to.""

Whether evangelical voters — who have been so key to national Republican presidential success — will heed that message or stick with a candidate who seems so anathema to many of their core beliefs will be tested as the campaign wears on.

Finding Trump Appeal In The Buckle Of The Bible Belt

In the heart of the Bible Belt at a Greenville, S.C., convention center last month — just down the road from the iconic evangelical school Bob Jones University — the line was long to get in to hear Trump's latest sermon against political demons.

When pressed, many in the crowd in the key early primary state said they didn't know about some of Trump's more controversial statements regarding his faith.

On whether he'd ever asked for forgiveness from God for his sins, he told pollster Frank Luntz this in Iowa in July:

He went on to describe the sacrament of communion this way:

Audrey Lindsey of Spartanburg, S.C., said she hadn't heard those comments, but believed his later exhortations of his faith. ""He says his favorite book is the Bible,"" Lindsey said, ""and I believe that's what it's going to take — good, honest Christian people praying for this country.""

But Trump, who says he ranks the Bible just ahead of his own Art of the Deal, has been unable in this campaign to name his favorite Bible verse or even testament.

""Well, I wouldn't want to get into it, because to me, that's very personal,"" Trump told Bloomberg. When pressed, he demurred, saying, ""I don't want to get into specifics.""

He said the Old and New Testaments were ""probably equal.""

So, is Trump one of those ""good, honest Christian people""?

""That's a question mark,"" Lindsey said. ""That's between him and God. I know people make mistakes, and you can change your life. I'm hoping through this situation that if he's not a Christian, he'll come to know Christ.""

Larry Linsin of Seneca, S.C., is also willing to give Trump the benefit of the doubt.

""People do change, if it's an honest, legitimate turnaround,"" said Linsin, who is also considering voting for Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, someone with long evangelical credentials. ""None of us has a perfect past.""

'I Love Them. They Love Me.'

Like with most things, Trump is confident about his appeal to evangelical voters.

""I love them. They love me,"" he said in a press conference following his Greenville speech. ""I am protestant — I am Presbyterian. I love the evangelicals. Why do they love me? You'll have to ask them — but they do.""

The polls so far bear that out. A national CNN poll out last week showed Trump (32 percent) and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson (28 percent) as the top choices among self-identified evangelicals.

In South Carolina, a state where nearly two-thirds of the GOP electorate identifies as evangelical or born-again Christians, Trump led Carson 33 to 13 percent, according to an August Monmouth University poll. In Iowa, Monmouth had Trump narrowly behind Carson with religious voters.

It's an astonishing development, particularly considering the rest of the Republican presidential field. He leads a Southern Baptist minister in former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, two sons of preachers in Cruz and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, plus former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum, who won over Iowa evangelicals four years ago to take the first presidential nominating contest.

Bob Vander Plaats, an influential evangelical leader in Iowa and president of The Family Leader, said many religious voters see a kinship with Trump in his targets.

""It's not surprising is that the enemy of our enemy is our friend,"" Vander Plaats said. ""That's the art of political warfare. He's calling out the establishment, the 'media elite,' and he's calling out a lot of people.""

James Guth, a professor of political science at Furman University in Greenville who studies the intersection of religion and politics, said he, like many, have been ""baffled"" by the rise of Trump. But he echoed Vander Plaats in noting that evangelicals like that he's attacking a common enemy — the GOP establishment.

""He's quite clearly putting it to the Republican Party,"" Guth said, ""and a lot of evangelical Christians feel like they've been neglected by the Republican Party.""

The Christian Broadcasting Network's David Brody explained it this way in July:

Robert Jeffress, pastor of the megachurch First Baptist Dallas, wrote that evangelical voters aren't under any delusion that Trump believes the same as them. Instead, they're just glad he's closer to their beliefs than President Obama:

When the Christian World Magazine surveyed 94 top evangelical leaders in July about who they support for 2016, Trump was near the bottom of the pack. Florida Sen. Marco Rubio was their choice.

Moore contends that polls showing Trump ahead may be inaccurately identifying evangelicals and not differentiating among people who are committed, regular churchgoers.

""There ought to be a criterion of character for candidates for public office,"" Moore said. ""Someone who has a life and a tenor of life that is so obviously at odds with what evangelicals claim to be their values, ought to cause some alarm.""

Trump's lack of support among leaders may be because they are skeptical that he's a true believer. In addition to his past support for abortion rights, his divorces and inability to identify Bible verses, questions remain about his moral conviction on abortion and same-sex marriage. And there are holes in his story about something as basic as where he goes to church.

Trump recently agreed with an interviewer's suggestion that a good Supreme Court nominee would be his sister, Maryanne Trump Barry, a judge on the Third Circuit Court of Appeals. But she supports abortion rights. Many of Trump's rivals and conservative groups, like Concerned Women for America, pounced.

Trump talks fondly of growing up going to Sunday School at First Presbyterian Church in the Jamaica section of Queens, N.Y. When asked by NPR where he currently attends, he said he goes to Marble Collegiate Church in Manhattan.

Yet the church says he's not an active member.

What's more, Marble Collegiate is part of the Reformed Church in America — typically considered more of a mainline rather than evangelical denomination. The church is supportive of gay rights, according to its website.

Vander Plaats — who backed the Iowa winners in both 2008 (Huckabee) and 2012 (Santorum) and will reveal his pick for president around Thanksgiving this year — said he thinks Trump is ""very genuine."" He trusts that his conversion on issues like abortion and same-sex marriage is real.

But Vander Plaats noted that Trump's lack of support for Kim Davis, the Rowan County, Kentucky, clerk who was jailed for not issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples, could be a problem for him. Huckabee and Cruz, on the other hand, rallied to her side and stood with her as she was released from jail Tuesday.

""[Voters] will hold his feet to the fire on a very real issue,"" Vander Plaats said, ""and that's a danger issue for him.""

Trump will hold a gathering of evangelical leaders at the end of the month. But it's led by Paula White, a Florida televangelist who preaches the ""prosperity gospel"" — a belief that it's God's will to financially bless devout Christians, something controversial in many evangelical circles.

Can The Support Of The Rank-And-File Last?

Throughout the summer, Trump defied political gravity. After each gaffe that would have been fatal for a conventional candidate, Trump has instead only soared.

The large field of candidates is helping Trump with evangelicals. There isn't one candidate the religious right has rallied around, so their support is split.

Guth, for one, is skeptical Trump's appeal can last. ""I think as time goes on, many people in the evangelical community will begin to have reservations,"" he predicted. ""Some of that fascination with Trump will eventually wear off once they become more aware of his downside.""

It very well could be that as religious conservatives learn more about Trump's positions or another candidate connects as the primaries get closer, their support fades. But Moore conceded that evangelicals have not always supported the candidate who lines up exactly with what they believe. But even of those candidates, they were always men who espoused a legitimate moral turnaround.

Religious conservatives are credited with fueling George W. Bush's 2000 election and 2004 re-election despite his past with drugs and alcohol. And one of their heroes is Ronald Reagan, who himself was divorced.

Bush, of course, is the quintessential redemption story. While he never expressed publicly that he was ""born again,"" he did point to a 1985 conversation with the aforementioned Billy Graham. Bush wrote in his 1999 autobiography, A Charge to Keep, that Graham ""planted a mustard seed in my soul, a seed that grew over the next year.""

Trump has pointed to no such conversion.

""As of right now, Donald Trump is the incarnation of a bumper sticker,"" Moore said. ""The support for Donald Trump is a way of sending message of anger with the status quo, and there are many people angered with the status quo. But I don't think that that necessarily translates into people wanting to hand the nuclear codes to that living bumper sticker.""",1
4264,Democrats scramble for pivotal bloc in the next 2 contests: Minority voters,"The race for the Democratic presidential nomination turned sharply Wednesday into a battle for Hispanic and African American voters, who are expected to play a decisive role in a long list of upcoming contests in Southern and Western states.

Although former secretary of state Hillary Clinton enjoys a dramatic advantage over Sen. Bernie Sanders (Vt.) among minorities, his resounding victory Tuesday in the New Hampshire primary gives him a shot of momentum that he hopes could turn that tide.

Making clear how crucial minority support will be, Sanders’s first stop after leaving New Hampshire was in Harlem, where he met Wednesday morning with the Rev. Al Sharpton and Benjamin Jealous, the former head of the NAACP.

“If the elections were held today in both those states, we would lose,” Sanders said in an interview, referring to Nevada and South Carolina. “But I think we have momentum, I think we have a shot to win, and if we don’t win, we’ll do a lot better than people think we will.”

Swamped by a wave of populist support for Sanders in New Hampshire, Clinton’s campaign signaled Wednesday that the spectacular loss will not throw her off a careful course set months ago that relies in part on strong support among minorities.

With a blast of announcements about endorsements, travel plans and more, the Clinton campaign sought to turn to subjects — gun control, criminal justice, the water crisis in Flint, Mich. — that speak to African American and blue-collar voters in the states that vote next.

“There is no change to our core argument, our plan, and you saw that in what we are saying as we look to the states that vote in March,” Clinton press secretary Brian Fallon said Wednesday.

The Sanders campaign, meanwhile, predicted that once voters in the next round of nominating states tune in, his message of economic fairness will resonate regardless of race. Sanders has argued that many of his initiatives — including a higher minimum wage, paid family leave and free college tuition — should be more appealing to African Americans and Latinos, given the greater share of economically struggling families in those communities.

Jeff Weaver, Sanders’s campaign manager, said that internal polling is starting to show movement in Sanders’s direction among younger voters of all backgrounds in upcoming states.

“Younger voters are clearly the strongest group for Senator Sanders, and this is sort of reminiscent of the Obama campaign — where younger voters were the president’s strongest bloc as well — across racial lines,” Weaver said.

Clinton had no public appearances Wednesday. She and Sanders meet for another Democratic debate on Thursday in Milwaukee. Clinton is expected to strike a more aspirational, optimistic tone that is a tacit acknowledgment that simply knocking down Sanders’s ideas as unrealistic was not enough.

A chief complaint among Clinton backers appalled by her 22-point loss Tuesday in a state with long and fond ties to the Clinton political franchise is that she isn’t getting through to voters. Exit polling and other data show that Clinton did not connect in New Hampshire — not with men, not with women, not with the young and not with blue-collar voters.

The next two Democratic contests will come in Nevada, where 30 percent of the Democratic electorate in 2008 was black or Hispanic, and in South Carolina, where 55 percent of the 2008 Democratic electorate was black. In March, another slew of Southern states with large African American populations will vote.

Clinton has long been thought to have a Southern “firewall” — an insurmountable advantage with minority voters. Sanders has never demonstrated an ability to attract minorities; his strong showing in Iowa and his trouncing of Clinton in New Hampshire were in states, like his home state of Vermont, where more than 90 percent of the population is white.

An NBC News-Wall Street Journal-Marist poll taken in January in South Carolina showed Clinton with the support of 74 percent of black voters, compared with 17 percent for Sanders.

Tad Devine, a strategist for the Sanders campaign, said that Sanders need not win a majority of black voters in South Carolina in order to put together a coalition with white voters to beat Clinton.

In South Carolina, the Sanders campaign is paying “dozens” of canvassers $15 an hour to go door to door, primarily in the black community, to pitch his candidacy, Weaver said. Cornel West, the noted black scholar who has fallen out of favor with many African Americans because of his sharp criticism of President Obama, also has campaigned extensively in South Carolina for Sanders. Atlanta rapper Killer Mike, another Obama critic, has helped spread Sanders’s message in appearances, online discussions and social-media posts.

Clinton has been quietly organizing in the state since April and has hosted 1,900 grass-roots events. During a recent weekend of campaigning, aides say the campaign contacted 100,000 voters through canvassing and phone banks. Mothers who have lost children to gun violence, including some who were shot by police officers, are planning to campaign on her behalf in South Carolina and other Southern states, and celebrities will be enlisted to visit barbershops and beauty salons to talk up Clinton’s campaign.

“We’re not fighting to win a certain percentage of the vote, we’re fighting to earn the support of the community, we’re fighting for every last vote,” said Marlon Marshall, Clinton’s director of states and political engagement. “She has a multi-decade history of fighting for the African American community. Throughout this entire campaign we’ve seen her go into these communities, have these conversations, talking about issues that matter to the African American community. She’s not just now doing this, she’s done this her whole life, and that’s an important point to make.”

Rep. James E. Clyburn (D-S.C.) predicted that Clinton’s loss in New Hampshire would not shake her support in his state.

“It won’t matter a whole lot,” he said even before the polls had closed in New Hampshire on Tuesday. He said there have been some signs of support for Sanders on college campuses around the state. “There’s not been a big surge. The reliable primary voters that I know don’t seem to have shifted at all.”

Clinton’s African American allies unleashed a wave of criticism against Sanders on Wednesday, strongly criticizing him for being “absent” on issues that matter to black voters — but demonstrating an awareness that she may be vulnerable, in the wake of New Hampshire, to an erosion of support.

“Bernie Sanders as mayor, as a member of the House, as a member of the United States Senate, has been missing in action on issues that are important to the African Americans,” Rep. Hakeem Jeffries (D-N.Y.) said on a conference call with reporters.

In addition to rolling out the support of African American celebrities such as Angela Bassett this week, Clinton landed the endorsement of the South Carolina House Democratic leader, J. Todd Rutherford, who joined in the criticism of Sanders.

Rutherford faulted Sanders for voting in favor of a 1994 Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act, which has been blamed for helping usher in an era of mass incarceration. Bill Clinton, who signed the bill into law as president, has expressed regret for the consequences of the legislation.

Jaime Harrison, chairman of the South Carolina Democratic Party, is remaining neutral because of his post. He pointed squarely to the reasons that African American and female support is crucial to a Democratic victory in his state.

In the most recent competitive Democratic primary, in 2008, 61 percent of the electorate was female, and 55 percent was African American, Harrison said. That combination means that the key voting bloc in South Carolina are black women.

“If you want to know who is going to win, you need to talk to African American women,” Harrison said.

For now, they are predisposed to support Clinton. If Sanders has any chance of making it close or of winning, Harrison said, “he has to cut into her support among African American women.”

Hillary Clinton’s poor showing with young voters and with women of nearly every age in both Iowa and New Hampshire gives many of her allies shivers, and Sanders’s inroads among African Americans have raised alarm.

Sanders has won the support of Jealous, the former NAACP head, and he met Wednesday with him and Sharpton, the civil rights leader. Sharpton said he will wait until a scheduled meeting with Clinton next week before issuing an endorsement.

“My generation was the first generation raised in the era of mass incarceration,” Jealous told reporters after the meeting. “My children are now 3 and 10, and I do not intend for my children to be food for our prisons the way that my brothers and sisters have been. There is no candidate in this race who is fiercer in standing up for those who need allies in the struggle than Bernie Sanders.”

Sanders also scored surprise support Wednesday from influential African American writer Ta-Nehisi Coates, who had earlier excoriated Sanders for not supporting reparations for slavery.

The Congressional Black Caucus is moving quickly to defend Clinton. The CBC’s leaders said they will appear Thursday morning at a club adjacent to the Democratic National Committee to endorse Clinton for president, through the CBC PAC, and then send many of their members to states, including South Carolina, where black voters are crucial.

“It’s one thing to endorse and do nothing. It’s another thing to endorse and to go to work,” said Rep. Gregory W. Meeks (D-N.Y.), chairman of the CBC PAC.

Meeks said that 90 percent of the 20-member board of the political action committee voted to endorse Clinton, none voted for Sanders and a few, including Clyburn, the No. 3 House Democratic leader, abstained because they had not yet endorsed in the race.

Clyburn, in an interview with MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports,” reiterated earlier comments to The Washington Post that he is considering endorsing Clinton after previously saying he would stay neutral until the primary vote in his state.

Sanders’s rise, particularly among young voters, even young African American voters, has struck a nerve with veteran members of the caucus who think these voters are behaving naively.

“Many of these are first-time voters, and Senator Sanders’s message resonates with the younger generation because of the promises that he is making,” said Rep. G.K. Butterfield (D-N.C.), chairman of the caucus. “But Mrs. Clinton and others are going to challenge the message by suggesting that it is unrealistic to believe that we can accomplish all of the things that Senator Sanders proposes.”

Scott Clement, Paul Kane and Vanessa Williams contributed to this report.",1
3114,Pope Francis arrives in New York City for second stop on US trip,"Pope Francis kicked off his second United States stop in New York City with a Thursday evening prayer at St. Patrick's Cathedral, one of the nation's best-known churches.

Thousands of people lined up along Fifth Avenue to greet him with cheers as he made his way in his open-sided popemobile to the center of one of the nation's largest Roman Catholic archdioceses.

The cathedral's bells pealed as Francis waved to and blessed the crowd, even giving the occasional thumbs-up.

New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , Mayor Bill de Blasio, U.S. Sen. Charles Schumer and other dignitaries greeted him on the cathedral steps.

Pope Francis landed in New York City Thursday afternoon to begin the next part of his visit to the U.S., which will take him from the United Nations to a school in East Harlem.

During the evening prayer, Francis thanked American nuns for their strength and courage in a deeply meaningful acknowledgement of their service following a years-long Vatican crackdown.

U.S. priests and sisters erupted in applause when Francis told American nuns that he wanted to thank them for their strength, spirit and courage and to ""tell you that I love you very much.""

It was the strongest expression yet of his gratitude for American nuns after the Vatican under his predecessor ordered an overhaul of the largest umbrella group of U.S. sisters, accusing them of straying from church teaching. The nuns denied the charge and received an outpouring of support from American Catholics, and the crackdown ended this year, two years early, with no major changes.

Francis also expressed his solidarity with Muslims following the hajj stampede in Saudi Arabia, where more than 700 people were killed.

Francis said he wanted to offer a ""sentiment of closeness in light of the tragedy"" that the Muslim people had suffered on Thursday.

He also raised the clergy sex-abuse crisis, by consoling clergy for the suffering the scandal had caused them.

Francis told members of religious orders and diocesan priests that he was aware they had ""suffered greatly"" by having to ""bear the shame"" of clergy who had molested children. He thanked them for their faithful service to the church in the face of the scandal.

A group of 200 people welcomed Francis as his chartered American Airlines plane touched down at John F. Kennedy International Airport shortly after 5 p.m. Thursday.

Brooklyn Bishop Nicholas DiMarzio, five Catholic schoolchildren and other guests gathered at the airport while snipers stood atop police vehicles while a high school band played a rendition of Frank Sinatra's “New York, New York.”

Cardinal Francis Dolan of New York greeted Francis with a hug and a kiss as he arrived onto the tarmac.

Francis then handed out mass cards and spoke with onlookers after Catholic schoolchildren presenting him with a bouquet and collection of prayers written by students in the city's 86 Catholic schools.

After landing at the airport, Francis traveled to Manhattan by helicopter and hopped into a Fiat hatchback, traveling in the same style as he did while in Washington.

Over 40 hours in New York, Francis will address world leaders at the United Nations, participate in an interfaith service at the Sept. 11 memorial and celebrate Mass at Madison Square Garden. He will visit a school in Harlem and take drive through Central Park.

It’s the first papal trip to New York since Pope Benedict XVI visited in April 2008.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2653,Boston bombing trial plea deal fails,"As accused Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev goes on trial Monday few doubt the outcome of the first phase of the two-phase trial. It's the second, the sentencing phase, including a possible death sentence, that has been the subject of behind the scenes discussions.

Federal prosecutors and defense attorneys for Tsarnaev have held talks on a possible plea agreement but failed to reach one, U.S. officials familiar with the talks say.

The discussions in recent months have centered on the possibility of Tsarnaev pleading guilty and receiving a life sentence without parole, according to the officials.

But the talks have reached an impasse because the Justice Department has resisted removing the death penalty as a possibility, these officials say.

A spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney in Boston declined to comment. Attorney Judy Clarke, who represents Tsarnaev, didn't respond to a request for comment. The outcome so far is unusual for Clarke who helped negotiate plea deals that saved the lives of notorious criminals including 9/11 plotter Zacarias Moussaoui, Unabomber Ted Kaczynski and Jared Loughner, who carried out the mass shooting that killed six and gravely injured former Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords. RELATED: A tale of two Tsarnaevs on eve of trial in Boston Marathon bombing Jury selection is set to begin Monday in the case, with Tsarnaev facing 30 counts including detonating a weapon of mass destruction. Three people died and 264 people were injured in the April 15 attacks. Attorney General Eric Holder is a critic of the death penalty, but he authorized seeking capital punishment in this case saying Tsarnaev acted in ""an especially heinous, cruel and depraved manner."" He also cited a seeming lack of remorse. Tsnarnaev's brother Tamerlan was killed in a confrontation with police during the manhunt that followed the bombing. Among the evidence prosecutors are expected to use against him are statements claiming to be angry at U.S. wars that killed Muslims in Afghanistan and Iraq. There are several reasons to pursue a plea deal, including to spare survivors and victim families from having to relive the trauma of the bombings, and to save financial costs in a case that has already cost millions of dollars. The case's toll on victim families has been at issue in the case. Prosecutors tried to bar Tsarnaev from being able to view autopsy photos of victims, claiming it would cause new suffering to their survivors. A judge rejected that request. Boston US Attorney Carmen Ortiz has overseen the plea discussions. Any decision to remove the death penalty as a possibility would have approval from Holder. The attorney general Friday also authorized prosecutors to seek the death penalty against the man accused of shooting a TSA employee at Los Angeles Airport in 2013.",1
2882,Kerry tells Capitol Hill critics of Iran nuclear deal to 'hold their fire' until final deal,"Secretary of State John Kerry said on Sunday that he will go to Capitol Hill this week to brief congressional members about the Obama administration’s Iran nuclear deal and urged opponents to “hold their fire” until they see a final deal later his year.

The administration has since reaching the April 1 deal urged the Senate not to vote on legislation that would require congressional approval to ease sanctions on Iran, as Tehran curtails its uranium-enrichment program. And President Obama has vowed to veto such legislation, if passed.

Kerry said he would brief House members on Monday and senators on Tuesday. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee is set to take up the legislation on the same day.

The administration should be free to negotiate without interference until the June 30 deadline for a final agreement, Kerry said on CBS' ""Face the Nation.""

""We've earned the right to be able to try and complete this without interference, and certainly without partisan politics,"" Kerry said.

The Senate bill, by committee chairman Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., and Sen. Bob Menendez, D-N.J., would give Congress a 60-day review and a say on any deal.

Under the bill as currently written, Obama could unilaterally lift or ease any sanctions that were imposed on Iran through presidential action. But Congress could block the president from providing Iran with any relief from congressional sanctions.

Senators on both sides of the issue have introduced more than 50 amendments to the legislation.

Opponents of the deal say they don’t know the exact details because both sides are giving different interpretations. Among their concerns are the guidelines for inspecting Iran's nuclear sites and when the sanctions will be lifted.

Kerry told NBC’s “Meet the Press” the United States won’t sign a bad or ambiguous deal.

“If there’s not an understanding, we won’t sign it,” he said.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
1238,"Ted Cruz Wins Iowa Caucus, Clinton Holds Narrow Lead Over Sanders","Cruz, a conservative lawmaker from Texas, won with 28 percent of the vote compared to 24 percent for businessman Trump in the Republican contest. Marco Rubio, a U.S. senator from Florida, came in third with 23 percent, easily making him the leader among establishment Republican candidates.

Clinton, a former secretary of state, and Sanders, a self-described democratic socialist U.S. senator from Vermont, both came in at roughly 50 percent with 95 percent of the state's precincts reporting results. Sanders declared the results a tie.

Former Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley, who had trouble gaining any traction in the Democratic race, suspended his campaign. He took third place with less than one percent.

Cruz's win and Rubio's strong showing could dent the momentum for Trump, whose candidacy has alarmed the Republican establishment and been marked by controversies such as his calls for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States.

""Tonight is a victory for courageous conservatives across Iowa and all across this great nation,"" Cruz, 45, said during a victory speech that lasted more than 30 minutes. Buoyed by evangelical voters, Cruz thanked God. He said the results showed that the nominee would not be chosen by the media, the Washington establishment or lobbyists.

Trump, 69, congratulated Cruz and said he still expected to win the Republican nomination for the Nov. 8 election.

""I'm just honored, I'm really honored,"" Trump told supporters. He said he looked forward to the next contest next week in New Hampshire, where polls show him ahead.

Clinton, 68, said she was breathing a ""big sigh of relief"" after the results. She lost to then-Senator Barack Obama in 2008. The former first lady congratulated Sanders and did not declare victory in her remarks.

""It is rare that we have the opportunity we do now to have a real contest of ideas,"" she said.

Sanders, 74, said he and Clinton were in a ""virtual tie"" and said he was overwhelmed.

""Nine months ago, we came to this beautiful state, we had no political organization, we had no money, we had no name recognition, and we were taking on the most powerful political organization in the United States of America,"" he said.

The results could shift momentum in both races. Clinton hoped for a strong finish against Sanders to vanquish his insurgent candidacy. Sanders is leading in opinion polls in New Hampshire.

Rubio's third-place finish established him as the Republican mainstream alternative to Trump and Cruz.

""I am grateful to you, Iowa. You believed in me when others didn't think it was possible,"" Rubio, 44, said.

The results could have ramifications going forward.

""There is now blood in the water for Donald Trump,"" said Republican strategist Ron Bonjean. ""Ted Cruz proved he could successfully beat back Trump attacks because he had a great ground game and identified well with evangelical voters.""

Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee said he was suspending his campaign for the Republican party nomination. Huckabee won the Iowa caucus in 2008.

Iowa has held the first nominating contests, called caucuses, since the early 1970s, giving it extra weight in the U.S. electoral process that can translate into momentum for winning candidates. The caucuses are voter gatherings that take place in 1,100 schools, churches and other public locations across the Midwestern state.

The 2016 election is shaping up to be the year of angry voters as disgruntled Americans worry about issues such as immigration, terrorism, income inequality and healthcare, fueling the campaigns of Trump, Sanders and Cruz.

Market reaction in Asia to the results was muted, with U.S. stock futures down around half a percent.

""Financial markets might be more comfortable with Hillary (Clinton) than Bernie (Sanders),"" said Sean Callow, a strategist at Westpac Bank in Australia.

""There would have to be at least some jitters over the guy who plans to break up the big banks. But it's probably too early to expect the U.S. presidential race to have an impact on the U.S. stock market.""",1
1927,Hillary's policies: Where's the beef?,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
3093,"Polarization Vortex: Obama, Bush Approval Shows Widest Partisan Gap","Many Republicans claim that President Obama is among the most polarizing presidents in modern history. If the results of a new Gallup survey measuring his approval rating are any indication, they might be right.

The president's overall approval rating for his just finished sixth year in office stood at 42.6 percent, according to Gallup. That's well below Bill Clinton's or Ronald Reagan's sixth-year average (63.8 percent and 59.9 percent, respectively). Even so, Obama's average for the year is still ahead of Richard Nixon (25.4 percent), who was by this point in his presidency mired in Watergate; George W. Bush (37.3 percent); or Harry S. Truman (38.6 percent).

But another measure that looks at how Republicans and Democrats view presidential performance shows that Obama is on track to be the most polarizing president ever, nudging out his predecessor with an average 70-point gap between the political parties.

""Both Bush and Obama were elected with hopes of unifying the country. However, the opposite has happened, at least in the way Americans view the job the president is doing, with presidential evaluations more divided along party lines than ever before, Gallup notes.

""These increasingly partisan views of presidents may have as much to do with the environment in which these presidents have governed as with their policies, given 24-hour news coverage of what they do and increasingly partisan news and opinion sources on television, in print and online,"" the polling organization says.

In his sixth year in office, 79 percent of Democrats approve of Obama's performance, while just 9 percent of Republicans do. George W. Bush's numbers were exactly reversed in year six of his presidency (79 percent of Republicans approval vs. 9 percent for Democrats).

Obama and Bush had their most polarized approval ratings in their fourth years in office, both with a 76 percentage point gap between Republicans and Democrats for the final year of their first term (although Bush had slightly higher approval from both parties, the gap was still the same). As Gallup points out, the fourth year is typically the most polarized in a president's due to it being an election year.

According to Gallup: ""Each of Obama's six years in office rank among the 10 most polarized in the last 60 years, with George W. Bush holding the other four spots. Bush's most polarized years were his fourth through seventh years in office, after the rally in support for him following the 9/11 terror attacks had faded. Clearly, political polarization has reached new heights in recent years, under a Republican and a Democratic president.""",1
4166,"Sanders plans Tuesday meeting with Clinton to discuss agenda, calls VP slot ‘very unlikely’","Sen. Bernie Sanders said Sunday that he plans to meet Tuesday night with Hillary Clinton about her agenda as the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee and will make other decisions about the future of his campaign after that.

“I simply want to get a sense of what kind of platform she will be supporting, whether she will be vigorous in standing up for working families and the middle class, moving aggressively in climate change, health care for all, making public colleges and universities tuition-free,” Sanders (I-Vt.) said during an appearance on NBC’s “Meet the Press.” “And after we have that kind of discussion, and after we can determine whether or not we are going to have a strong and progressive platform, I will be able to make other decisions.”

Sanders told host Chuck Todd that he will have more than 1,900 delegates at the convention and that he needs to determine “what kind of agenda there will be if Secretary Clinton gets elected, if she wins the election.”

During a separate TV appearance Sunday, Sanders said he thinks it is “very unlikely” that Clinton would pick him as her running mate.

Asked about the prospect of Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) filling that slot, Sanders said on ABC’s “This Week With George Stephanopoulos” that he is a “great admirer” of Warren.

When asked whether Clinton is capable of leading a “political revolution” — a phrase that has motivated Sanders’s campaign — Sanders said she was not, but that she could implement some solid progressive policies.

“Will she got as far as I would like her to go? No, she won’t,” Sanders said.

“Meet the Press” and “This Week” were two of three morning talk shows on which Sanders appeared Sunday. He was also interviewed by CBS's ""Face the Nation.""

[How Bernie Sanders’s day in Washington got eclipsed by Democratic unity]

The interviews are Sanders’s first since he met with President Obama on Thursday, the same day that Obama, Vice President Biden and Warren endorsed Clinton.

The senator from Vermont said Thursday that he plans to compete in the final Democratic primary of the year, Tuesday in the District, making good on his pledge to stay in the race until all voters have had a chance to weigh in on the nomination.

Sanders previously vowed to stay in the race until the Democratic convention in Philadelphia next month, in a last-ditch attempt to win the nomination by flipping the allegiances of hundreds of superdelegates who’ve previously announced their support for Clinton, the party’s presumptive nominee.

He made no mention of that strategy during his interviews on Sunday morning.

Later Sunday, Sanders met at his home in Burlington, Vt., with a few dozen leading supporters. Speaking to the press, he did not say he was exiting the race, however.

""Are we going to take our campaign for transforming Democratic Party into the convention? Absolutely,"" he told reporters. He also said he is ""very good at arithmetic.""

As of Sunday, Clinton had accumulated 2,784 delegates, including superdelegates, exceeding the amount needed to clinch the nomination by more than 400, according to the latest Associated Press tally, which put Sanders’s total at 1,877.

To have a shot at wresting the nomination from Clinton, Sanders would need to flip the allegiances at least 400 of the 581 superdelegates who have announced their support for Clinton — about 70 percent of them.",1
2954,"Disillusioned and self-deluded, Bowe Bergdahl vanished into a brutal captivity","Army Pfc. Bowe Bergdahl was fed up. He was five weeks into a deployment in southeastern Afghanistan and frustrated with his mission and his leaders. He and his fellow soldiers weren’t going after the Taliban as aggressively as he wanted, and his sense of disillusion added to the disgust for the Army that he had begun developing while still in basic training.

Looking to make a stand, Bergdahl hatched a plan: He would run away from his platoon’s tiny outpost in Paktika province late on June 29, 2009. He would stay away from the Army a day, maybe two, and then reappear about

19 miles away at a larger installation and demand to air his grievances with a general. He knew that the region was crawling with insurgents, but he had “outsize impressions of his own capabilities,” according to an investigating officer, and was determined to create enough chaos to get the attention of senior commanders.

Those were among the details that emerged in a preliminary hearing here late last week. The soldier, carrying just a disguise, a knife and some provisions, was captured by insurgents by 10 a.m. the following morning, beginning four years and 11 months of captivity and torture by the Haqqani network, a group affiliated with the Taliban, according to Maj. Gen. Kenneth Dahl, the senior officer who carried out an investigation of Bergdahl’s actions and interviewed him at length.

The case against Bergdahl, who is charged with desertion and misbehaving before the enemy, is the most closely scrutinized desertion prosecution in the military in decades — perhaps since that of Pvt. Eddie Slovik, a soldier who became the only American executed for desertion since the Civil War. The officer overseeing the Bergdahl hearing, Lt. Col. Mark A. Visger, is expected to make a recommendation in the coming days to U.S. Army Forces Command, at Fort Bragg, N.C., about whether Bergdahl should be court-martialed.

Bergdahl, now 29 and a sergeant, was recovered in May 2014 in a controversial swap in which the White House approved the release of five Taliban detainees from the military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. They are now in Qatar.

Emotional testimony has underscored the relentless brutality that Bergdahl had to endure, as well as the chaos caused by his disappearance and the lingering resentment of some of his comrades.

The case has also raised questions about the Obama administration’s handling of it, which included inviting Bergdahl’s parents to speak at the White House after the soldier was recovered, with national security adviser Susan E. Rice saying he served with “honor and distinction.”

[Bergdahl will require lifetime of care for injuries suffered in captivity]

The White House has since concluded that it badly misplayed the optics of Bergdahl’s release, according to administration officials. Bergdahl’s parents were in Washington the day he was recovered, and a quick decision was made to include them in a Rose Garden announcement, with little thought given to the ramifications of making Bergdahl appear to be a hero, the officials said.

Bergdahl joined the Army a few years after washing out of initial training for the Coast Guard. The Washington Post reported previously that it was for psychological reasons, but Bergdahl’s lawyer and Dahl were more specific in the hearing: The future Taliban captive was diagnosed with depression and sent home after he was found in distress in a Coast Guard barracks, sitting on a floor with blood in his hands, possibly from a bloody nose, Dahl testified.

“He wasn’t ready for it,” Dahl said of life in the Coast Guard. “He was overwhelmed, found himself in the hospital and was released.”

Bergdahl received a waiver to enlist in the Army. He was physically fit and well regarded for his work ethic, but quickly became disenchanted with his fellow soldiers and the Army’s training program. Among his gripes: He couldn’t believe higher-ranking soldiers wanted him to lock his wall locker to prevent theft and saw pre-deployment training at the National Training Center at Fort Irwin, Calif., as “lame,” Dahl said.

Bergdahl was assigned to the 25th Infantry Division’s 1st Battalion, 501st Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, of Fort Richardson, Alaska. There, he took offense to a motivational speech made by the senior enlisted soldier to the entire battalion. The command sergeant major said in jest that, like other soldiers, he liked to pillage and plunder, but Bergdahl took it literally, Dahl said.

In Afghanistan, there was another misunderstanding, Dahl said. Soldiers from Bergdahl’s unit weren’t all wearing their whole uniforms one day, a violation that upset then-Lt. Col. Clinton Baker, Bergdahl’s battalion commander.

Baker launched into a tirade to get his point across, kicking rocks in the process. Bergdahl was convinced that Baker had disturbed an Afghan grave, a suggestion that perplexed the others present, Dahl said.

The general found that Bergdahl’s childhood living at “the edge of the grid” in Idaho in relative isolation hurt his ability to relate to other people. As a result, he was an extremely harsh judge of character and “unrealistically idealistic,” Dahl said.

“I think he absolutely believed that the things he perceived were absolutely true,” he added.

Bergdahl could have gone to a number of people in his chain of command with concerns about his platoon. But he thought that they were in the Army for the money, or otherwise incapable of responding, Dahl said.

In some ways, the soldier did consider others before running away from Observation Post Mest, Dahl said. He told Dahl that he picked the night he disappeared in part because he knew another platoon already would be on the way in the morning to relieve Bergdahl’s, thus providing additional manpower to deal with his vanishing. He didn’t want to take his 5.56mm squad automatic machine gun with him alone outside the wire because he figured it would draw attention, but also decided against stealing a 9mm pistol because that would have gotten a fellow soldier in trouble, Dahl said.

Bergdahl’s disappearance was noticed around dawn, when he was due to take a guard shift. Capt. John Billings, his former platoon leader, testified that he was in shock that one of his men could have vanished, and initially thought his soldiers were pulling a joke on him. Reality eventually set in, though, and he informed his company commander, then-Capt. Silvino Silvino.

“I felt sick to my stomach,” said Silvino, now a major. “I didn’t know what was going to come after that. . . . I instructed him to go look high and low, and everywhere he could.”

Coalition forces across eastern Afghanistan altered their operations that summer looking for Bergdahl, exposing soldiers to additional and dangerous missions. That remains a sensitive point, amid allegations from Bergdahl’s fellow soldiers that at least six U.S. troops died because of his actions. Dahl said he examined a variety of evidence, and found nothing that connected the deaths directly to Bergdahl. But the search-and-rescue operations undoubtedly altered security in the region, military officials said, and plunged the units involved into hastily planned missions.

Baker, the former battalion commander, recalled that one platoon conducted 37 consecutive days of operations — long enough that new socks and T-shirts had to be delivered to the soldiers, since theirs were rotting on their bodies.

Bergdahl, meanwhile, was already in Pakistan. He was relentlessly beaten in captivity with rubber hoses and copper cables. He repeatedly tried to escape, said Terrence Russell, an official with the Pentagon’s Joint Personnel Recovery Agency, who interviewed Bergdahl after his return.

Bergdahl was moved to at least six different locations, including one referred to as a Taliban prison. After escaping once for nearly nine days, Bergdahl was put in a 7-foot cage, blindfolded and left there for most of his last 3½ years in captivity, Russell said.

Bergdahl has been accused often of cooperating with the insurgents or even seeking them out, but Russell said there is no evidence to support those claims. The Haqqani network forced him to make videos that were released online.

Russell grew visibly agitated while describing the conditions Bergdahl faced, wiping tears away at one point. While the sergeant has been accused of many things, Russell said, he was “an organization of one,” with no fellow prisoners who could keep his spirits up.

“He did the best job he could do,” Russell said, “And I respect him for it.”

Bergdahl’s attorney, Eugene Fidell, argued during closing arguments at the preliminary hearing that his client should not be court-martialed for either of the charges he now faces. There is probable cause, Fidell acknowledged, to charge him with a lesser offense, being absent without leave for one day, but the moment he was taken captive, Fidell said, that designation should have ended. The maximum penalty for being AWOL for one day is 30 days of confinement.

An Army prosecutor, Maj. Margaret Kurz, said that Bergdahl’s actions hurt the Army, his fellow soldiers and the mission in Afghanistan, and he must be punished.

“One does not just walk away into the Afghan wilderness,” she said, “and then return as though nothing happened.”

Bergdahl’s former officer: ‘Absolute disbelief that I couldn’t find one of my men.’

In sparse prose, Bergdahl details his captivity for the first time",1
815,How Bernie changed Hillary,"The election in 232 photos, 43 numbers and 131 quotes, from the two candidates at the center of it all.",1
4848,Donald Trump questions Clinton’s health at rally in Ohio: ‘You think this is easy?’,"Donald Trump publicly raised questions about Hillary Clinton’s health for the first time since the former secretary of state was forced on Sunday to leave a ceremony for the victims of 9/11.

Speaking in an air-conditioned minor league basketball arena in Canton, Ohio, Trump made his most direct reference to Clinton’s recent diagnosis of pneumonia and her campaign saying she left the event in New York because she felt “overheated”.

“You think this is easy?” Trump asked. “In this beautiful room that’s 122 degrees. It is hot, and it is always hot when I perform because the crowds are so big. The rooms were not designed for this kind of crowd. I don’t know, folks. You think Hillary Clinton would be able to stand up here and do this for an hour? I don’t know.”

The Republican nominee later went on to add of his Democratic rival, “Now she’s lying in bed, getting better and we want her better, we want her back on the trail, right?”

Sounding like the classic unscripted Trump, the Republican presidential nominee often deviated from his teleprompters in a 40-minute speech that ranged from Clinton’s health to the water crisis in Flint, Michigan.

The issue of candidate health and medical records has come to the forefront after the Clinton campaign revealed on Sunday – eight hours after she abruptly left the ceremony at the National September 11 Memorial – that the former secretary of state had been diagnosed with pneumonia two days earlier. The Democratic nominee had to be helped into a van while leaving. Afterward, Clinton cancelled all public events for three days.

Clinton has since released more detailed medical information from her doctor describing her as “healthy and fit to serve as president”. In contrast, Trump has yet to share further medical information to the public besides a brief letter written in December that said he would be “the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency”. However, in an interview with controversial TV doctor Dr Oz, set to air on Thursday, the 70-year-old Trump reportedly said that he would like to lose 15 pounds, doesn’t exercise and is fond of fast food.

Trump also addressed the water crisis in Flint, a former car manufacturing hub that has seen tens of thousands of jobs disappear in recent decades. “It used to be cars were made in Flint and you couldn’t drink the water in Mexico,” the Republican nominee said. “Now the cars are made in Mexico and you can’t drink the water in Flint.” Ford said on Wednesday that it was moving all its small-car production to Mexico.

Earlier in the day, Trump had visited the city and ended up in a confrontation with a local pastor. Trump was visiting a church that serves as a water distribution center for residents when he started critiquing Clinton. The pastor, Faith Green Timmons, interrupted and made clear: “Mr Trump, I invited you here to thank us for what we’ve done in Flint, not give a political speech.”

Later in Ohio, Trump, buoyed by recent polls that showed him taking the lead in that crucial swing state, was in high spirits in front of a cheering crowd. His supporters, many of them wearing Trump-themed apparel, ate up applause lines such as when Trump asked who would pay for his famous border wall. He received loud shouts in return of “Mexico”.

The crowd also booed and hissed when Trump told them, “President Obama just announced a 30% increase to refugee admissions coming into this country.” Trump added after the loud chorus of boos subsided that “that was hard to take”. The Republican nominee added of the proposal: “It’s bringing the total to 110,000 refugees in just a single year, and we have no idea where they come from, it’s a great Trojan horse.” Looking ahead to history’s judgment, Trump noted, “I don’t want be known in 200 years for having created a Trojan horse by a different name.”

The uncharacteristic return to his unscripted rally style comes the day before the Republican nominee is scheduled to make a major economic policy speech at the Waldorf Astoria in New York. There, the Republican nominee will introduce a tax reform proposal.

Trump has previously introduced two other tax reform plans. First, in 2015, where he emphasized that half of Americans in lieu of paying taxes would simply mail a card to the IRS saying “I win”, and more recently in August where he proposed to reduce the number of tax brackets to three while drastically cutting rates. The speech on Thursday is expected to be a more expansive elaboration of the August proposal.

• This article was amended on 19 September 2016 to clarify when Hillary Clinton was diagnosed with pneumonia.",1
1216,"Sparks fly at Clinton, Sanders debate over who is more progressive","Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders clashed sharply Thursday over who is more progressive, at a debate that saw the former secretary of state ratcheting up her criticism of the Vermont senator on several fronts – even accusing him of engineering an “artful smear” with suggestions she could be “bought” by donors.

The debate, the first since the Iowa caucuses and last before next week’s critical New Hampshire primary, was by far the most confrontational of the Democratic primary race.

Clinton, coming off a narrow Iowa win and trying to shrink Sanders’ huge lead in Granite State polls, stayed on offense for most of the night. She slammed Sanders’ campaign promises as too costly, while standing firm in claiming she’s a true “progressive” despite Sanders’ comments to the contrary.

Sanders, meanwhile, dug in as he questioned whether Clinton really “walks the walk” of the progressive cause – and described her as the candidate of the “establishment.”

“Secretary Clinton does represent the establishment. I represent, I hope, ordinary Americans,” he said, stressing that he, unlike Clinton, doesn’t enjoy super PAC backing and is funded in large part by small-dollar donations.

The verbal jabs flew quickly, and Clinton left few allegations unchallenged, visibly fed up with a campaign trail narrative that has painted her as the candidate of Wall Street. She rebutted Sanders’ “establishment” charge by questioning whether someone running to be the first female president can carry that label.

The most heated moment at the MSNBC-hosted debate in Durham, N.H., came when Clinton told Sanders she rejects the suggestion that anyone who takes donations or speaking fees from interest groups can be bought.

“Enough is enough,” Clinton said, telling Sanders the “attacks by insinuation” are not “worthy” of him. Clinton said if Sanders has something to allege, “say it directly,” but: “You will not find that I ever changed a view or a vote because of any donation that I ever received.”

She closed: “I think it’s time to end the very artful smear that you and your campaign have been carrying out in recent weeks.”

That line earned a groan from Sanders and some boos from the audience.

Sanders went on to link Wall Street deregulation with billions spent on lobbying and campaign contributions.

“Some people think, yeah, that had some influence,” he said.

Clinton, meanwhile, described herself as a “progressive who gets things done,” and ripped Sanders for suggesting Clinton cannot be a “moderate” and a “progressive” at the same time. She teased Sanders as being the “self-proclaimed gatekeeper for progressivism” and said she doesn’t know anyone who fits his definition.

The fireworks underscored the tight state of the race going into New Hampshire’s contest next Tuesday. Clinton arrived on the debate stage clearly ready to rebut Sanders’ proposals and accusations – notably his oft-repeated criticism that she, as senator, erred by voting to authorize the use of force in Iraq.

“A vote in 2002 is not a plan to defeat ISIS,” she countered.

Yet as Clinton stressed her secretary of state experience and Sanders said that factor is “not arguable,” the Vermont senator noted experience is not the only point.

“Judgment is,” he said, again pointing to the 2002 Iraq vote. “One of us voted the right way, and one of us didn’t.”

As she has at prior debates, Clinton also challenged the senator’s proposals for free college and universal health care. “The numbers just don’t add up,” Clinton said.

She questioned how the country could, for instance, pay for free tuition at public colleges, as Sanders wants, and accused him of wanting to effectively scrap ObamaCare – a charge he denied.

Sanders defended his plans, particularly for universal health care.

“I do believe we should have health care for all,” he said.

The former secretary of state met the Vermont senator on stage in Durham, N.H., after eking out a narrow victory in Monday’s caucuses. While her campaign celebrated the win, Sanders’ strong showing in the state nevertheless has helped boost his fundraising – and he heads into New Hampshire with a steady double-digit lead in the polls.

There remains an ongoing dispute, however, over the Iowa results. The Des Moines Register editorial board earlier Thursday called for an audit of the Democratic caucus results, citing problems and confusion at polling sites.

Asked at Thursday’s debate about the editorial, Sanders said, “I agree with the Des Moines Register.”

He said after speaking with precinct captains, the campaign believes they may have “at least two more delegates.”

Yet Sanders, who has complained how some local delegates were allocated based on coin tosses, also said they should not “blow this out of proportion. “

“This is not the biggest deal in the world,” Sanders said.

Asked if she’d participate in an audit, Clinton said, “Whatever they decide to do, that’s fine.”

Clinton, separately, said she's ""100 percent confident"" nothing will come of the FBI probe into her personal email use as secretary of state.

The Democratic debate on Thursday was the first to feature Clinton and Sanders one-on-one, with former Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley now out of the race following his distant third showing in Iowa.

The debate was one of four added to the calendar earlier this week, after the Democratic National Committee and the two campaigns agreed to the terms.  The party had come under criticism for its sparse schedule, and was accused of trying to shield Clinton from debates.",1
3268,Mitch McConnell's mission to keep the GOP majority,"Washington (CNN) Mitch McConnell is the Senate majority leader -- and he'd like to keep it that way.

Heading into the final year of his first session leading the chamber -- which begins Monday when the Senate returns from its winter recess -- the Kentucky Republican is developing a carefully tailored legislative agenda. It is designed to support his top priority, which is not losing power to Democrats, who controlled the Senate for most of the past decade and who are committed to reclaiming it in the November elections.

To complicate his effort, the soft-spoken and methodical McConnell must accomplish this against the backdrop of a wildly unpredictable 2016 GOP presidential nominating campaign that has two anti-Washington agitators -- businessman Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas -- leading the pack. The controversial tone of their campaigns has mainstream Republicans deeply concerned about the impact on down-ticket candidates -- such as moderate GOP senators from purple states who must be re-elected if Republicans are to hold the Senate -- especially if Trump or Cruz win the Republican nomination.

Republicans currently have a narrow 54-46 advantage and must defend 24 seats this fall, seven in swing states that voted for President Barack Obama. Democrats need to protect just 10 seats, only one of which is considered competitive.

A constant and challenging task in the months ahead for McConnell will be to protect incumbent senators like Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire, Mark Kirk of Illinois, Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania, Rob Portman of Ohio, and Ron Johnson of Wisconsin from politically difficult votes on free trade, guns, abortion, and other sensitive social issues that could cause them trouble back home.

McConnell, who is firmly rooted in the establishment wing of the GOP, spent his first year running the chamber with a strategic eye toward the 2016 Senate elections. He believes he made an important down payment to voters by proving Republicans can govern more effectively and successfully than Democrats.

""By any objective standard, I think the Senate is clearly back to work,"" McConnell said at a year-end news conference.

He pushed through a number of major bills -- such as highway funding and education reform -- that were signed into law by Obama and he diligently prevented any real threat of government shutdowns or other dramatic ""fiscal cliffs"" that have shaken voters' nerves in recent years.

""I wanted to end those sort of rattling experiences that the American people don't like. It never produces a positive result anyway,"" McConnell said. ""I took those off the table the day after the election and we began to figure out how to get the Senate working again.""

McConnell is tight-lipped about exactly which bills he will put on the floor and when ahead of the November election. Aides say many of those decisions need to be made after a joint House and Senate Republican retreat in Baltimore later this week. But he's made clear that restoring a regular appropriations process -- where all 12 government spending bills will be debated and voted on separately -- is key.

Democrats fought that approach last year because Republicans were demanding higher spending for defense needs than domestic programs, a standoff that led to a breakthrough budget deal that set top-line government spending figures for 2016 and 2017. Because of that, Democratic leaders believe McConnell's ambition to take up all the spending bills may be doable.

""That seems to be pretty fertile ground for bipartisan compromise,"" said Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-New York).

It may be ambitious to believe all these bills can actually pass the partisan Congress, especially with a legislative calendar truncated by the political conventions and other campaign activities. But if the parties could agree on some individual spending bills it would lower the risk of major government shutdown when the new fiscal year begins October 1. That would be a relief to GOP leaders and a sign to voters they kept their word to avoid calamity.

While there is a laundry list of other bills the Senate could take up this year -- including a massive international trade deal and sweeping criminal justice reform -- McConnell might be reluctant to negotiate anything major with a lame duck Democratic president and hold out to see if a Republican can win back the White House.

""I think no matter which party controls the White House, during a presidential year everything is overtaken by that election,"" said Brian Walsh, a former top official at the National Republican Senatorial Committee, which works to elect GOP Senate candidates. ""I think both parties are in a wait-and-see mode in terms of who is going to control the White House in the following year. I think it's only prudent to hold off on big issues like this and see where things are in 12 months.""

McConnell's aim for a more modest legislative agenda differs dramatically with the priorities of the new House Speaker Paul Ryan who has said he wants his chamber to be an ""ideas factory.""

Ryan also must placate a restive right flank that wants to push high-profile legislation that will draw sharp campaign year contrasts with Obama and congressional Democrats. Some of those hot-button issues -- dealing with abortion, guns, climate change and more -- will be politically complicated for McConnell if they are sent over from the House just as he is trying to protect swing state senators from tough votes.

Other issues will compete for McConnell's attention. Many Republicans want to pass an Authorization for the Use of Military Force against ISIS, something that has regularly stalled in the past over policy differences. Ryan has approved a fresh look at an AUMF and if the House approves one if could put pressure on McConnell to act.

The House is also readying to act on new sanctions against North Korea.

On the domestic front, a battle is expected on a bill reauthorizing the Federal Aviation Administration over a push by some Republicans to privatize air traffic controllers.

Democrats will demand votes on their agenda too. Helping Puerto Rico solve its debt crisis is a top priority for Democrats as is passing more gun control laws. Republicans leaders have signaled they are open to possible legislation for the troubled U.S. territory but are flatly opposed to any new gun law, despite Obama's recent push on the issue.

""We're going to do more on guns,"" said Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid. ""We're not going to be silent on that.""

'Do no harm' to GOP senators?

McConnell has already signaled he doesn't want to take up the Trans-Pacific Partnership measure — a legacy item for Obama — until after the election. Putting off votes on the controversial multi-nation free trade pact could benefit GOP senators up for re-election in rust belt states like Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania and Rob Portman of Ohio where the loss of jobs to free trade deals is a sensitive subject.

McConnell also has said he doesn't intend to draft a major overhaul of the tax code this year, even though it's a top goal of Ryan's.

Because government funding levels were set in last year's budget deal, McConnell could skip doing a budget resolution this year, several congressional aides told CNN. Dropping the time-consuming budget process could give GOP Senate candidates more time at home campaigning. It would also allow them to avoid the ritual ""vote-a-rama"" when senators can offer up an infinite number of amendments, many of which are aimed at putting political squeezes on those running for re-election.

A spokesman for McConnell denied that was true.

""We're planning on a budget,"" Don Stewart said.

Walsh, who as an official at the NRSC helped Republicans win back the Senate two years ago after eight years of Democratic majorities, said the key for McConnell and his conference is ""demonstrating that they are doing the business of the American people in terms of funding the government, passing bills on time. And that will benefit their candidates.""

""I think the big issue is do no harm,"" he said.",1
1701,"As deadlines pass, Biden remains opaque about a 2016 candidacy","Another deadline has come and gone with no decision from Vice President Biden about his possible late-breaking entry into the presidential campaign.

Biden seems poised to continue his deliberations for several more weeks — and possibly into early November — leaving precious little time to launch a bid and get on the ballot in key early primary states. Prominent donors are being courted, and senior strategists with ties to President Obama’s past campaigns are in conversation with Biden’s team.

The continued indecision has made it all but certain that the vice president will not take part in the first Democratic debate Oct. 13 in Las Vegas, leaving the stage to the top two competitors, Hillary Rodham Clinton and Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), and several others.

At times, Biden sounds far from ready. But then there are moments like Thursday night, when Biden sprinkled his remarks to a Manhattan crowd with comments that sounded like someone with a keen interest in running.

He made a reference to the many miles he has traveled as vice president — now clocking in at more than Clinton did as secretary of state. He also drew an ideological contrast with Sanders, who has generated enthusiasm on the left with his populist economic agenda.

“I’m not Bernie Sanders,” Biden said at the Concordia Summit. “He’s a great guy, he really is. But I’m not a populist; I’m a realist.”

When Biden talks like that, it feeds speculation that he is getting ready to join the race, and there is plenty of activity around him to suggest that he is overseeing a campaign in the making.

And yet, there is a parallel universe of greater significance, the single factor that no one can overcome, which is that Biden’s family is still grieving the loss of Biden’s son Beau, who died of brain cancer four months ago at age 46. The vice president has repeatedly said that no decision about running for president can be made until his family is ready to commit, even if it means that the moment passes.

“It’s just not quite there yet, and it might not get there in time to make it feasible to run and succeed because there are certain windows that will close. If that’s it, that’s it. It’s not like I can rush it,” Biden said in an interview with America, a leading Jesuit news site, just before Pope Francis arrived in Washington last week.

Some Biden loyalists have been counseling against the delayed approach because it could give Clinton time to recover from self-inflicted wounds her campaign has suffered over the continued fallout of investigations into her use of a private e-mail server while serving as secretary of state.

Nine days after the debate, Clinton is scheduled to appear before a House committee established to investigate what happened in Benghazi, Libya, in September 2012, when four Americans were killed. Democrats began to rally around Clinton this week after remarks by House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ­(R-Calif.) touted that the investigation had hurt her politically, prompting leading Democrats to call the investigation a political exercise.

Even though he is not expected at the Las Vegas debate, Biden will share a forum with Clinton this weekend. He will deliver the keynote address Saturday at the Human Rights Campaign’s annual dinner in Washington. Clinton will speak to the gay rights group earlier in the day.

Biden’s decision-making process continues along two separate tracks, as it has over the past several months. The first is a methodical effort by a small team of advisers to survey the political landscape, and the second is Biden’s internal family deliberations.

With every week that passes, Biden and his political team believe they are more ready than ever to launch a campaign. But with every week that passes, Biden is that much closer to the point of no return — when it would be too late to mount a credible campaign.

Critical states such as New Hampshire, Texas and Florida have filing deadlines that start in November and December, requiring campaign staff on the ground to assemble voter signatures.

That sets up a particularly tense October. The vice president has already blown through previous decision-making timelines, beginning with the end-of-August or early-September dates that advisers suggested in the spring, before the public knew that Beau Biden’s brain cancer had a recurrence.

By late summer, Biden’s camp clarified that the end of summer — officially Sept. 23 — was a more likely deadline, only to float Oct. 1 in recent weeks because that would still allow him to be on stage at the Oct. 13 debate. On Thursday, officials at CNN, the host of the Las Vegas event, reported that Biden is not expected to participate.

Those close to Biden suggest the debate would be high-risk for him. Despite his shoot-from-the-hip image, Biden is meticulous with debate preparations. For his 2012 vice presidential debate against Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), Biden logged 100 hours of preparation, including 60 hours that had been completed a full month before the encounter.

Instead of debate prep, Biden has devoted recent weeks to his vice-presidential duties. Last week, his schedule was consumed with the papal visit and the state visit by Chinese President Xi ­Jinping. Earlier this week, he spent a day in New York in a round of meetings with foreign leaders attending the U.N. General Assembly, and he returned there Thursday for a pair of events devoted to diplomacy.

Next Thursday, he will deliver remarks at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace on infrastructure funding to boost the economy, which some loyalists believe could be the hallmark of a campaign theme.

The now-lengthy deliberation has given Biden’s advisers plenty of time to make a thorough assessment of the political landscape, identify available talent and scope out prospects for raising enough money. Biden’s team is confident that he could raise $30 million or so to get through the first round of primaries and caucuses.

They have identified people willing to help staff a campaign, both those with past associations with Biden and many who were involved in President Obama’s 2008 or 2012 campaigns.

No firm offers have been made to prospective staffers, but Biden loyalists have a good sense of who they would try to slot into the key jobs. And as one person with ties to the Obama political network, though not in direct conversation with Biden’s team, put it: “There’s a lot of talent available.’

The Associated Press reported Thursday that two Obama campaign veterans — Paul Tewes, who ran the successful Iowa caucus campaign in 2008 that was a key to winning the nomination, a field expert, and Marie Harf, now the State Department spokeswoman — were in talks to work on the potential Biden campaign.

Those close to Biden make no bold predictions of victory in what would be a potentially fierce contest against Clinton and Sanders. Nor are they making their calculations based on the belief that Clinton has been so weakened during the first months of her candidacy that she would be easy to defeat. Their calculations are based, instead, on the assumption that she would be a formidable opponent.

As much as he says he is not ready to make the decision, Biden has dangled hope to his supporters who view his son’s loss as a rallying cry, frequently recalling his own father’s admonition to “just get up” when life knocked him down.

“That’s what Beau wants us to do. That’s what Beau expects his father to do,” Biden told the Jesuit news site. “So we’re just getting up and moving on.”",1
1285,"As Washington publically frets over storm, GOP worries about impact of Trump, Cruz on Hill majority","Essentially everyone in Washington is freaking out about the blizzard.

But for several weeks now, many congressional Republicans have privately freaked out about the prospects of Donald Trump or, to a lesser degree, Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, emerging as the party’s standard-bearer in the presidential sweepstakes.

The theory is that both candidates are so polarizing that their electoral prospects will impale Republican candidates down the ballot.

Let’s start with the House. The GOP currently holds a 246-188 edge over Democrats. The current vacant seat belonged to former House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, and is expected to stay in Republican hands. So for the sake of argument, let’s say it’s 247-188 in favor of the GOP. Democrats would have to flip a staggering net of 30 seats to reclaim control of the House.

Democrats would be rapturous at the prospects of rank-and-file Republicans having to defund Trump or Cruz -- or run away from them.

Democrats could probably put a substantial dent in that 30-seat Republican margin. But that’s expected in a presidential election year. It’s just a question of how many more seats a Trump or Cruz candidacy could turn to Democratic control.

But make no mistake: Knowledgeable sources on both sides of the aisle are clear that it would be almost impossible for Democrats to win back the House this cycle. That net gain of 30 seats is just too high a bar. The map favors Republicans.

There aren’t a lot of “swing” districts in which Democrats could steal a seat or two. Nothing is ever out of the question. But the likelihood of Democrats nabbing the House majority is low at this writing.

The Senate, however, is another story. Republicans already faced an uphill climb to retain their majority this fall. The GOP must defend 24 seats. Only 10 Democratic seats are up this cycle. Plus, it’s a presidential year. And, many of the Republican seats on the ballot are in “purple” states or states that President Obama won in 2008 and 2012.

For the GOP, Sens. Ron Johnson, Wis., Mark Kirk, Ill., Rob Portman, Ohio, Kelly Ayotte, N.H., Pat Toomey, Pa., and Richard Burr, N.C., are running in competitive states. Democrats would also like to win the seat now held by GOP Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, who is running for president and not seeking re-election to the Senate.

Democrats must also defend the seat of Sen. Michael Bennet, Colo., and the seat of retiring Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, Nevada.

Colorado and Nevada are potential GOP pickups. Republicans currently hold a 54-46 advantage over the Democrats in the Senate (two independent senators caucus with the Democrats).

So a net gain of five seats isn’t out of the realm for Democrats. Many political theorists think those seats in swing states could all tilt to the Democratic side if Trump or Cruz is the nominee.

This pariah status for Trump and Cruz is rare. On Thursday, a reporter asked Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., whether he preferred Cruz over Trump.

“It’s like being shot or poisoned. It doesn’t really matter,” replied Graham. “Donald Trump is the most-unprepared person I’ve ever met to be commander-in-chief.”

Last week, House and Senate Republicans huddled jointly in Baltimore for their annual issues retreat. Much of the conversation focused on an approach to fighting ISIS, terrorism and polling. Trump and Cruz weren’t there.

But their specter haunted the entire confab. As a result, Republican leaders tried to present a positive image and sidestep internecine battles that loom inside the party.

“What happens above us on the presidential campaign is out of our control. So you try to control what you can control,” said Senate Republican Conference Chairman John Thune, S.D.

When asked about the eventual nominee, Thune left scribes with a less-than-confident answer that spoke deeply to Republican divisions.

“Hopefully we’ll be able to sync up with their agenda,” he said about the nominee.

House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-La., sought to deflect inquiries about the GOP chasms and pivoted to fissures among Democrats.

“I think if you look at the fractures, there are more on the Democratic side,” proffered Scalise. “Hillary Clinton hasn’t been able to close the deal yet. I think you are going to see a very united convention.”

The most-prominent issue next to Trump and Cruz is the unity of Republicans heading into the convention. Everyone seems to be talking about it -- except for House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis.

The speaker dismissed a reporter’s inquiry who asked if he thought the GOP would conduct a brokered convention.

“That's ridiculous,” Ryan protested. “How do I know? I think that's ridiculous to talk about that.”

Even though people are talking about it….

And to hear Ryan and Scalise chatter, everyone will be in lockstep come convention time.

“We’re going to support whoever our nominee is because that’s the Republican primary voter’s decision,” Ryan said.

That’s where Democrats think they have Republicans in a fix if the GOP nominates Trump or Cruz.

Reid said he’d like to see the Senate vote on some of Trump’s policies - specifically the plan to ban Muslims from entering the U.S.

This is why Republicans fear Trump -- and why Democrats would love to put GOPers on the spot and exploit the schism.

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell retorted that “what is good for the goose is good for the gander.” The Kentucky Republican argued he might concoct votes on the policy positions of Clinton or fellow Democratic Sen. Bernie Sanders, Independent-Vermont.

Adam Jentleson, a top aide to Reid, indicated to Fox that Democrats “would accept the deal McConnell proposed in a heartbeat -- votes on Trump’s policies in return for votes on Clinton/Sanders policies.”

In many respects, congressional Republicans are trying to rise above the fray.

“We need to appear like the sane ones,” said one senior House aide.

That’s why Ryan’s pushing a robust policy agenda and “vision” items this year.

“There’s a lot of us who believe this is a make or break year. We are going to build an agenda that is agnostic to our nominee,” said Texas GOP Rep. Bill Flores, chairman the Republican Study Committee, the largest bloc of conservatives in the House.

The agenda “is a key piece of infrastructure that any presidential nominee would need,” he said.

In short, House GOPers are hoping to “wag the dog” a little. If say Trump is the nominee and he propounds far-flung ideas, perhaps congressional Republicans can temper that red meat with bona fide policies that represent core values of the party.

But that doesn’t stop everyone from freaking out on Capitol Hill. Maybe Trump and Cruz already wagged the dog. And then those in Congress are the ones who look like they’re out of step with the nominee their party selects.",1
4297,Marco Rubio's strategy is utterly baffling,"There's something odd about Marco Rubio's presidential campaign: He hasn't been doing all that much, er, campaigning in the early states.

Unlike most recent presidential nomination winners, who have invested serious time and effort into campaigning and building organizations in at least one of either Iowa or New Hampshire, Rubio has taken a positively relaxed approach to both. He doesn't show up very often, doesn't do much campaigning when he is around, and doesn't seem to be building very impressive field operations.

And it's raising eyebrows. James Pindell of the Boston Globe wrote last week that Rubio's New Hampshire surge was ""riddled with doubts,"" and that GOP insiders are bemoaning his ""lack of staff"" and ""activity."" National Review's Tim Alberta and Eliana Johnson reported Wednesday that Rubio's ""weak ground game"" was angering Iowa Republicans. And the New Hampshire Union Leader wrote an editorial headlined, ""Marco? Marco? Where's Rubio?""

For a candidate who's so often deemed ""The Republican Barack Obama,"" it sure seems like Rubio has missed some key lessons from the president's historic 2008 campaign. And this isn't good optics for a candidate who's already been criticized (somewhat unfairly) for missing lots of Senate votes, either.

The conventional wisdom is that a candidate needs to win either Iowa or New Hampshire to win the nomination. In fact, every nominee for decades has done that, except for Bill Clinton in 1992 (an odd year in which the Iowa caucuses effectively ""didn't count"" because Iowan Tom Harkin was running). Candidates who've tried to ""skip"" both early states in hopes that a later win will propel then to prominence have failed miserably.

Furthermore, said conventional wisdom continues, the way to win in both Iowa and New Hampshire is to work hard on the ground. The candidate should spend a lot of time there. The campaign should build up a network of local relationships, winning over supporters one by one. And the campaign should focus on organizing, to identify committed voters and make sure they actually turn out to the polls. (Organizing like this helped power Barack Obama to victory in Iowa in 2008.)

Yet Rubio doesn't appear to be focusing on any of this:

Now, it's not that Rubio is ignoring Iowa and New Hampshire. Indeed, his operation has spent millions on ads in each state. His team just doesn't appear to be spending time on this nuts-and-bolts campaign activity that so many political professionals think is crucial to actually winning.

If we believe what Rubio's advisers are saying, they aren't using these tactics too much because they genuinely believe their effectiveness is overrated. They're saying that they think ads and media coverage, not field or campaign events, are the keys to victory.

""More people in Iowa see Marco on ‘Fox and Friends’ than see Marco when he is in Iowa,"" Rubio's campaign manager, Terry Sullivan, told the New York Times. And Alberta and Johnson report that Rubio's team believes ""a sprawling operation weighs down a campaign and wastes precious resources that could be spent on TV ads that reach more voters."" (Presumably, Rubio isn't making more campaign trips to the early states so he can spend more time raising money that can fund these crucial ads.)

Perhaps Rubio's team is right, and most other campaigns are just wasting their resources by spending big on organizing. But it's a questionable hypothesis. So far this year, ad spending appears to have had little relation to candidates' poll standing. (It has definitely enriched many political consultants, though.)

Another possible explanation is that Rubio's campaign is trying to savvily lower expectations for his performance in both states, because neither is a particularly good fit for him. Iowa has lately tended to elevate evangelical favorites, and New Hampshire has sometimes opted for flinty, independent-thinking outsiders. Perhaps Rubio hopes he'll get a pass for doing poorly in both states because he didn't really try.

But that may be too clever by half. The evidence seems to indicate that if you want to win the nomination, you need to do really well in either Iowa or New Hampshire — otherwise, you quickly vanish from the media spotlight and from voters' thoughts, much like Rudy Giuliani did in 2008. If Rubio hopes to avoid this fate, he should probably get to work.",1
363,11 service members in Black Hawk crash presumed dead,"The 11 service members who were onboard a Black Hawk helicopter that crashed Tuesday night on the Florida panhandle coastline are presumed dead, a Pentagon official said, but a search-and-rescue operation was still underway Wednesday in a desperate search for survivors.

Seven Marines and four soldiers were onboard a UH-60 helicopter as part of a training exercise when the chopper ran into heavy fog. Human remains and helicopter parts were recovered earlier Wednesday.

""It's a tough day,"" Maj. Gen. Glenn H. Curtis, the adjutant general of the Louisiana National Guard, where the unit was based. ""They're under my command. I take very seriously their safety and well-being, and that of their families.""

Kim Urr, 62, who works at the nearby Navarre Beach campground, said she heard a strange sound, followed by two explosions around 8:30 p.m. Tuesday.

""It sounded like something metal either being hit or falling over, that's what it sounded like. And there were two booms afterward, similar to what you hear with ordnance booms, but more muffled,"" Urr said.

President Obama spoke with the military leaders involved and expressed his condolences to the families before saying he's confident of a detailed and thorough investigation, said his spokesman, Josh Earnest.

""Our thoughts and prayers are with them and their families as the search and rescue continues,"" Defense Secretary Ash Carter said on Capitol Hill.

The Black Hawk crashed as Marines and National Guardsmen practiced ""insertion and extraction missions,"" using small boats and helicopters to get troops into and out of a target site, said Capt. Barry Morris, spokesman for the Marine Corps Special Operations Command at Camp Lejeune.

Like the Army's Green Berets and the Navy's SEALs, these Marines were highly skilled unconventional warriors, trained to endure grueling conditions and sensitive assignments on land and at sea, from seizing ships to special reconnaissance missions and direct action inside hostile territory.

The helicopter was part of a nighttime training mission Tuesday at Eglin Air Force Base in Florida. There was dense fog in the area at the time of the crash but officials have not said what caused the helicopter to go down.

Fog had reduced visibility to less than two miles at the time, according to the National Weather Service. Another helicopter participating in the exercise turned back because of the bad weather before the other Black Hawk crashed, authorities said.

Despite the human remains washing ashore, the military still called it a rescue mission Wednesday, said Sara Vidoni, a spokeswoman for Eglin Air Force Base, outside Pensacola.

The fog remained so heavy Wednesday that search boats just offshore could be heard but not seen, blasting horns as their crews peered into the choppy water. It finally began to lift in the afternoon, enabling a helicopter to slowly survey the water.

About a dozen airmen wearing fatigues walked shoulder-to-shoulder down the beach, scanning the sand, while civilian rescue crews and searchers with dogs joined the effort.

The Coast Guard said debris was first spotted about 1:30 a.m. Wednesday, and that the search area expanded to a 17-mile stretch of the narrow sound separating Santa Rosa Island from the Florida Panhandle mainland.

The Marines were part of a special operations group based in Camp Lejeune. They had arrived Sunday for a week of training.

None were immediately identified, so that families could be told first.

The helicopter that crashed had joined the training from an airport in nearby Destin. The site includes 20 miles of pristine beachfront under military control since before World War II — an ideal place for special operations units from across the military to practice, test range manager Glenn Barndollar told The AP last year.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2295,Same-sex couples wed in Alabama,"(CNN) Tori Sisson and Shanté Wolfe of Tuskegee, Alabama, camped outside the Montgomery County Courthouse overnight, hoping that when the sun rose Monday, they'd be the first same-sex couple to be legally married in the county.

They arrived at 2 p.m. Sunday and set up their tent. Expecting a crowd -- of mostly media and friends, or their ""chosen family,"" as many of their kin don't approve of their relationship -- they awoke at 5 a.m. Monday to get dressed ""so that when we got out of the tent we'd look like a million bucks,"" Sisson said.

Sisson, 24, and Wolfe, 21, have known each other for seven years. They've been dating for two. Last year, the pair got ""spiritually married"" in Tuskegee, but it wasn't a state-recognized union -- where all the rights and benefits of matrimony are conferred on both partners.

They previously considered going to a state that allowed same-sex marriage, but Wolfe balked at the idea.

""We work here and we pay taxes here, and we didn't feel it was right that we'd have to do that because nobody else does,"" she said.

Though there were some minor computer problems in issuing their license, their wish soon came true.

With one of their godmothers performing the ceremony, they exchanged vows outside the courthouse and kissed as a phalanx of media cameras captured the moment. (One of those cameras belonged to the Human Rights Campaign, a watchdog group involved in marriage equality advocacy; Sisson works for the organization.)

Sisson wept, while Wolfe did not.

""One of us has to hold it together,"" Wolfe quipped.

Sisson's tears weren't borne solely of the bliss that comes with being joined in union with your beloved. Sure, those sentiments were there, Sisson said, but she cried also because she had been thinking all night about the myriad couples who were denied the opportunity she and Wolfe were able to seize Monday.

""We have the honor to be the first couple in Montgomery County to do this. It's amazing,"" Sisson said, explaining the ""overwhelming and overflowing love I have for Shanté but also for people and the hope I have in my heart that this really means progress here.""

How we got here

Though the U.S. Supreme Court and the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Alabama cleared the way for same-sex marriages to begin Monday in Alabama, the famously conservative chief justice of the state Supreme Court on Sunday mounted a last-ditch effort to stop the weddings, instructing probate judges not to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples.

That didn't stop several couples from converging on county courthouses across the state. Probate Judge Alan King in Jefferson County, the state's most populous, said there appeared to be a larger-than-usual crowd outside the courthouse when he arrived at work Monday.

""Effective immediately, no Probate Judge of the State of Alabama nor any agent or employee of any Alabama Probate Judge shall issue or recognize a marriage license that is inconsistent"" with the state code or constitution, Moore wrote in the order.

The American Civil Liberties Union called Moore's order spurious and reminded Alabama's probate judges they are sworn to uphold the U.S. Constitution, which outweighs state law on this issue.

""Judge Roy Moore has no authority to trump a federal court's decision,"" said Susan Watson, executive director of the ACLU of Alabama. ""By issuing his 'order,' he has done nothing but create confusion among the different probate offices across the state. Whereas some counties are issuing licenses to same-sex couples, there are many who aren't. Unfortunately, we have received a number of complaints to that effect.""

The Human Rights Campaign has already denounced the order as a ""clear violation of all codes of legal ethics,"" and several counties -- including Jefferson, Montgomery and Madison -- have told CNN they intend to issue same-sex marriage licenses Monday.

But in Tuscaloosa County, where five same-sex couple were awaiting licenses when the court opened Monday, chief probate clerk Lisa Whitehead said the court would follow Moore's guidance.

""We will be issuing traditional marriage licenses,"" she told CNN.

Shelby, Marshall and Houston counties also are declining to issue the licenses, and in Lee County, where two same-sex couples attempted to tie the knot Monday, Judge Bill English said he, too, was ""complying with an order from the chief justice late last night.""

Other probate judges weren't sure Moore had the law behind him.

""I was shocked,"" King said of his reaction to Moore's order. ""I'm old enough to remember the George Wallace stand in the schoolhouse door. I was a kid at the time.""

King was referencing the 1963 attempt by then-Gov. Wallace to stop the federally ordered desegregation of schools by blocking black students from entering the University of Alabama's Foster Auditorium.

Contacted before his court opened for the day, King said he doesn't want to be on that side of history. After consulting with attorneys who helped him analyze Moore's order, ""I'm convinced it's my duty to follow the U.S. Constitution and the federal court order. At 8 a.m., we will be issuing marriage licenses to all in Jefferson County. ... I don't think (Moore's order) is grounded in legal theory, just like Gov. Wallace in the 1960s was not grounded in law,"" he said.

Gov. Robert Bentley said he would not punish probate judges who issue the licenses.

He added that he had ""great respect"" for the legal process and said, ""We will follow the rule of law in Alabama, and allow the issue of same sex marriage to be worked out through the proper legal channels.""

The federal court that struck down the ban permitted a stay until Monday to allow probate courts to prepare. Alabama Attorney General Luther Strange asked the U.S. Supreme Court to block the marriages until the high court rules on a case on its docket that will decide the fate of same-sex marriages in four states.

""In this case, the Court refuses even to grant a temporary stay when it will resolve the issue at hand in several months,"" Justice Clarence Thomas wrote in a dissent. ""I would have shown the people of Alabama the respect they deserve and preserved the status quo while the Court resolves this important Constitutional question.""

Strange responded in a statement: ""In the absence of a stay, there will likely be more confusion in the coming months leading up to the Supreme Court's anticipated ruling on the legality of same-sex marriage."" Strange further advised probate judges to consult with their attorneys ""about how to respond to the ruling.""",1
3969,"Fate of Paris attack mastermind unclear after raid, but intel sources reportedly say he's dead","French investigators would not publicly identify one of two people killed in a terror raid north of Paris early Wednesday — the other being a woman who detonated a suicide vest — but The Washington Post, citing two senior European intelligence officials, reported that the suspected mastermind of Friday's terror attacks was dead.

The man believed to be the architect of the massacre, 27-year-old Belgian Islamic State militant Abdelhamid Abaaoud, had mocked Western authorities for his ability to slip out of their sights, into and out of Syria. Investigators traced him to an apartment just north of Paris in suburban Saint-Denis by tracking phone conversations and piecing together surveillance images and witness accounts, according to Paris Prosecutor Francois Molins and French Interior Minister Bernard Cazenueve.

The Post reports its intelligence sources spoke on condition of anonymity.

Police confirm a woman in a suicide vest blew herself up during the raid, severely damaging the building's structural integrity. She apparently was Abaaoud's cousin, in her twenties and from the northwestern suburb of Clichy La Garenne, French media reported.

Molins said a terror cell linked to the Paris massacre had been operating out of that apartment, and was ready to act again. He said at one point, police fired some 5,000 rounds during ""uninterrupted"" shooting that lasted nearly an hour. A reinforced door to the apartment initially blocked the heavily-armed policy squads, he added.

In addition, the manhunt for Salah Abdeslam, an ISIS gunman believed to have taken part in Friday's attacks, continued Wednesday. Molins said neither Abaaoud nor Abdeslam were among the seven men arrested in Wednesday's raid.

Abaaoud was believed to be in Syria after a January police raid in Belgium, but bragged in ISIS propaganda of his ability to move back and forth between Europe and Syria undetected.

One of the men arrested said he lived in the apartment, let some people stay there as a favor, and ""didn't know they're terrorists."" Jawad Bendaoud added that someone had ""asked me to put some people up for two, three days, and I provided this service.""

He said, ""I don't know where they come from ... If I would have known, I wouldn't have let them stay.""

Bendaoud spoke to BFMTV as police led him away. He had been sentenced to eight years in prison for killing his best friend in a 2006 fight.

French police confirmed that five officers suffered minor injuries in the raid. A police dog was also killed when the female suicide bomber blew herself up.

The apartment is just over a mile from the Stade de France stadium, which was targeted by three suicide bombers during Friday's attacks. Riot police cleared people from the streets, pointing guns at curious locals to move them off the roads.

One person who lived near the site of the siege posted a 10-second video of the scene on her street. A series of bangs sounding like automatic weapons fire could be heard. The message accompanying the tweet translates to ""It's an intervention by police ... street closed, officers, etc.""

French authorities sent out a bulletin to police across Europe asking them to watch out for a Citroen Xsara car that could be carrying Salah Abdeslam, a Spanish security official told AP. One of his brothers, Brahim, blew himself up in Paris.

In all, overnight raids across France led to 25 arrests and the seizure of 34 weapons. The new tally was announced Wednesday by the Interior Ministry.

The weapons seized since Friday include 11 military-style firearms, 33 rifles and 31 handguns, according to police.

Seven attackers died in Friday's gun-and-bomb rampage through Paris that killed 129 and wounded over 350 others. Police had said before the raids that they were hunting for two fugitives suspected of taking part as well as any accomplices. That would bring the number of attackers to at least nine.

And French president Francois Hollande said any places where people are ""glorifying"" terrorism will be shut down. The bill to extend France's state of emergency for three months includes a measure that enables authorities to close ""any association or gathering"" -- which notably includes mosques and community groups -- that would encourage people to carry out terrorist acts.

Speaking on French television Wednesday, Hollande said ""we are at war"" with ISIS. He called for a ""large coalition"" working together against Islamic State militants to destroy a group that threatens the whole world and ""commits massacres"" in the Mideast.

Hollande told lawmakers, “I know you have at heart the willingness to undertake this task.” He added that the French aircraft carrier Charles de Gaulle just left to help French military operations in Syria against ISIS.

Fox News' Greg Palkot and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4485,Kamala Harris announces U.S. Senate bid,"Los Angeles (CNN) Hours after California Attorney General Kamala Harris began raising money for a bid to replace Barbara Boxer in the U.S. Senate, billionaire environmentalist Tom Steyer outlined the case for his own run Tuesday and said he would decide soon -- setting up the likelihood of an exorbitantly expensive contest that could have two Democrats facing off in November of 2016.

California's two Senate seats have been locked down by Boxer and U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein since 1992, closing off statewide opportunities for the next generation of politicians . Under California's new top-two primary system, the top two candidates in the first round will advance to the general election, regardless of their party.

In a column on the Huffington Post website, Steyer said he was intrigued by the opportunity of taking on interests in Washington that ""oppose recognizing global warming and fight against the rights and futures of average Americans.""

""Washington needs to be shaken up and we need climate champions who will fight for the next generation,"" Steyer said. ""California Democrats are blessed to have a deep bench of talent, and I will decide soon based on what I think is the best way to continue the hard work we have already started together to prevent climate disaster and preserve American prosperity.""

Steyer and Harris would be among the most formidable contenders for Boxer's seat, along with former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, who has said he is ""seriously considering"" a run. Several members of the California congressional delegation and of the state leadership have signaled interest, including Rep. Loretta Sanchez, Rep. John Garamendi, and state Treasurer John Chiang.

In a Facebook post on Tuesday, Sanchez touted her focus on working families, immigration reform and affordable healthcare: "" I have advocated for policies that give all families the same access to the American Dream,"" she said. ""Californians deserve a strong voice in Washington and I have never been afraid to speak up, which is why I am seriously considering running for the United States Senate in 2016.""

But lesser-known candidates could face great difficulty raising the money needed to run. Boxer raised some $35 million in conjunction with party committees for her 2010 race against former Hewlett-Packard chief executive Carly Fiorina.

Steyer, a former hedge fund manager from San Francisco whose net worth has been estimated at $1.6 billion by Forbes, has pledged to give away the bulk of his fortune to public interest and philanthropic causes during his lifetime. He has been a vocal opponent of the Keystone XL pipeline and a free-spending advocate for California environmental causes.

His NextGen Climate Action Committee spent more than $74 million in the midterm elections -- much of it Steyer's money -- trying to defeat candidates who had expressed doubt about climate change, but they had little demonstrable success in a Republican wave year.

While Villaraigosa could build a strong Southern California base, and draw on his support from California's growing Latino community, Harris also has a solid fundraising base in California from her two statewide runs and her close alliance with President Barack Obama.

She has won praise as attorney general for pursuing banks that did not follow proper procedures when they foreclosed on the properties of California homeowners and she has kept a steady focus on reducing recidivism and truancy.

""I will be a fighter for the next generation on the critical issues facing our country. I will be a fighter for middle class families who are feeling the pinch of stagnant wages and diminishing opportunity,"" she continued. ""I will be a fighter for our children who deserve a world-class education, and for students burdened by predatory lenders and skyrocketing tuition. And I will fight relentlessly to protect our coast, our immigrant communities and our seniors.""

Newsom has told many confidantes that he is interested in running for governor when Jerry Brown faces term limits in 2018, and he and Harris share the same political consultants. In a statement on his Facebook page, Newsom said it was better ""to be candid than be coy"" and noted that it would be better for his three children, Montana, Hunter and Brooklynn, if he stayed in California.

""While I am humbled by the widespread encouragement of so many and hold in the highest esteem those who serve us in federal office, I know that my head and my heart, my young family's future and our unfinished work all remain firmly in the state of California -- not Washington, D.C. Therefore I will not seek election to the U.S. Senate in 2016,"" Newsom said.

Hinting at his potential alliance with Harris, he added that in the months to come, he looked ""forward to doing whatever I can to help elect California's next great Democratic senator -- one worthy of succeeding Barbara Boxer and serving this remarkable state of dreamers and doers in the United States Senate.""

Shortly after Boxer announced that she would retire from the Senate in 2016, Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti said he would not run for the seat.",1
5141,How Trump overshadowed Clinton's bad weekend,"(CNN) In any normal presidential election, it would be hard to overshadow news that the FBI interviewed one of the candidates for three and a half hours about potential criminal behavior.

But in 2016, Donald Trump seems to be able to seize any news cycle -- intentionally or otherwise.

His Saturday tweet of a graphic that included Hillary Clinton's face, a six-pointed star, a pile of cash and the words ""most corrupt candidate ever"" drew immediate backlash for evoking anti-Semitic imagery. The image was posted 10 days earlier to an anti-Semitic, white supremacist message board.

The graphic @realDonaldTrump tweeted yesterday was first posted on an anti-Semitic forum: https://t.co/nlsH0ocvdV pic.twitter.com/RfEB7bKGFm

Trump on Monday morning initially addressed the controversy -- again on Twitter -- by blaming the ""dishonest media"" for ""trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star!""

Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star!

On Monday afternoon, the Trump campaign finally issued a statement on the matter -- one that amounted more to a response to the Clinton campaign statement than an explanation of his tweet.

Trump rejected the Clinton campaign's accusations that his tweet was anti-Semitic by slamming ""false attacks"" and insisting the star represented a sheriff's badge.

""These false attacks by Hillary Clinton trying to link the Star of David with a basic star, often used by sheriffs who deal with criminals and criminal behavior, showing an inscription that says 'Crooked Hillary is the most corrupt candidate ever' with anti-Semitism is ridiculous,"" Trump said in a statement.

Trump's statement did not address the fact that the campaign tweeted an image that had previously been posted on an anti-Semitic, white supremacist message board. His statement also didn't explain where the campaign obtained the image.

On Monday night the Trump campaign's social media director, Daniel Scavino, filled in some details on what he said were the image's origins.

""The social media graphic used this weekend was not created by the campaign nor was it sourced from an anti-Semitic site,"" Scavino said in a statement separate from Trump's. ""It was lifted from an anti-Hillary Twitter user where countless images appear.""

""The sheriff's badge -- which is available under Microsoft's 'shapes' -- fit with the theme of corrupt Hillary and that is why I selected it,"" Scavino added.

Scavino also said that as the campaign's social media director, ""I would never offend anyone and therefore chose to remove the image.""

Trump's stumbles were suddenly back in the spotlight on a weekend that would have otherwise focused on Clinton's vulnerabilities.

Trump's prolific Twitter habit is once again forcing Republicans to confront questions about the temperament of the man they will soon formally nominate as their presidential candidate and his apparent unwillingness to forcefully reject the support of those with racist or anti-Semitic views. It also comes as Trump tries to manage a more disciplined campaign, underscoring fears among some in the GOP that the businessman is unable to avoid self-inflicted wounds.

Adding to the fire is the Trump campaign's refusal to answer questions about the tweet, its origin or whether anyone would be held accountable. It simply deleted the tweet and replaced the six-pointed star with a circle.

The Clinton campaign blasted Trump's tweet Monday as part of a broader pattern.

""Donald Trump's use of a blatantly anti-Semitic image from racist websites to promote his campaign would be disturbing enough, but the fact that it's part of a pattern should give voters major cause for concern,"" Sarah Bard, Hillary for America's director of Jewish outreach, said in a statement. ""Now, not only won't he apologize for it, he's peddling lies and blaming others. Trump should be condemning hate, not offering more campaign behavior and rhetoric that engages extremists.""

It's not the first time Trump's own controversies have overshadowed Clinton's as a result of the presumptive Republican nominee's unforced errors.

Two days before Trump created a weeks-long news cycle by accusing a judge of being biased because of his Mexican heritage, Clinton faced one of the most damaging news items of her candidacy when the State Department's inspector general released a scathing assessment of Clinton's private email use.

But Trump's tirade on the judge, his doubling down on those race-based accusations and the ensuing rift it provoked between Trump and newly-supportive Republican leaders eclipsed Clinton's email woes.

Shielded by the holiday weekend, top Republicans in the House and Senate were quiet on Trump's latest controversy.

But the campaign's refusal to show any sense of accountability when it comes to the tweet may only add to the storm.

The first prominent Trump surrogate to address the controversy was not a campaign spokesperson or Trump himself, but was instead Trump's recently-ousted campaign manager Corey Lewandowski who blamed ""political correctness run amok"" for the outcry during a Sunday interview on CNN's ""State of the Union.""

""There's no anti-Semitism in Mr. Trump's body, not one ounce, not one cell,"" he told CNN's Alisyn Camerota, adding later, ""Not every six-sided star is a Star of David.""

Trump on Sunday, meanwhile, refused to address the controversy over his tweet and sought to refocus scrutiny onto Clinton.

He slammed a ""totally rigged"" system that likely will not bring criminal charges against Clinton and criticized former President Bill Clinton's private meeting with the U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch just days earlier.

He then tweeted condolences on the passing of Holocaust survivor and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Elie Wiesel. But still no word about his use of an image circulating in anti-Semitic circles.

Trump's tweet Monday addressing the graphic may only serve to further extend the controversy, drawing attention away from both Clinton's email scandal and a news cycle this week that was expected to focus on Trump's imminent decision to pick a running mate before the GOP convention.

Trump's latest trouble is especially loaded because it's not the first instance of him tweeting or retweeting something linked to white supremacists.

Trump has previously retweeted neo-Nazi accounts including one named ""@WhiteGenocideTM."" In November, he retweeted a graphic of false and racist crime statistics overstating the numbers of blacks killed by other blacks.

And amid a groundswell of support from white supremacists, Trump and his campaign have been slow and even loathe to reject the support of those individuals.

When pressed by CNN's Jake Tapper earlier this year on the support of former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke, who continues to peddle in anti-Semitic conspiracy theories, Trump initially said falsely he did not know of Duke and would not disavow his support. He would later do so and blame a faulty earpiece.

And when he was later confronted by CNN's Wolf Blitzer about anti-Semitic death threats some of his supporters were directing at a Jewish reporter who wrote a profile about Trump's wife, the presumptive Republican nominee refused to condemn those actions.

""I don't have a message to the fans,"" Trump said when pressed on the anti-Semitic death threats in an interview with Blitzer in May. ""A woman wrote an article that's inaccurate.""

Now, questions continue to swirl around how his campaign obtained and decided to tweet a graphic that had circulated on a message board filled with anti-Semitic conspiracy theories and neo-Nazi message boards -- and whether he will repudiate the support of individuals who prescribe to that ideology.",1
1617,"Poll: Hillary Clinton tops Donald Trump, GOP field on handling terror","Americans trust Hillary Clinton to handle the threat of terrorism more than any of the leading Republican candidates for president in the wake of the Paris attacks, according to a new poll.

The Democratic front-runner leads most of the GOP candidates by a wide margin, and tops GOP front-runner Donald Trump by 8 points and second-place Ben Carson by 9 points.

The closest gap is with former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, who is within the margin of error of Clinton, with Clinton at 46% and Bush at 43%.

The Washington Post-ABC News poll out Monday asked Americans if they would trust Clinton or one of five Republican candidates more. She led Trump 50% to 42%, Carson 49% to 40%, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz 47% to 40%, and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio 47% to 43%.

The poll did not ask about Clinton's Democratic opponent, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders. The poll also found that Americans strongly disapprove of how President Barack Obama is handling ISIS and the threat of terror broadly. Americans disapprove of how Obama is handling ISIS in Iraq and Syria, with 57% who disapprove and 35% who approve. Fifty-four percent also disapprove of his handling of the threat of terrorism, compared with 40% who approve. Questioners surveyed 1,004 American adults by telephone Nov. 16 to Nov. 19, with a margin of error of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points. Sign up for CNN Politics' Nightcap newsletter, serving up today's best and tomorrow's essentials in politics.",1
288,"Boehner’s worst failure yet: Incompetence, near-shutdown & sorry state of GOP “governance”","On Friday afternoon, just a few short hours before the Department Homeland Security was set to shut down, the Republican leadership in the House of Representatives scheduled a vote to grant DHS three more weeks of funding. The idea was to buy John Boehner some time to do… something. The legislative impasse that led us to the precipice of the shutdown was created by Boehner, who passed a bill tying DHS appropriations to the rollback of President Obama’s immigration executive actions. He spent several weeks insisting that the House had “done its job” and would not pass any new legislation funding DHS. But Senate Republicans and Democrats came together to pass a clean DHS funding bill, which forced Boehner to once again act. Rather than bow to political reality and take the only route available to him to actually fund the agency, Boehner opted to prolong the agony and punt.

And he couldn’t even do that. The three-week continuing resolution failed when over 50 conservative Republicans voted against it, rebuking Boehner and the leadership and sending the entire process into utter chaos with less than half a day remaining until the shutdown.

As has happened so many times over the last four years, the rest of the Congressional leadership was impelled to overcome Boehner’s incompetence and cobble together a last-minute solution. Mitch McConnell and Harry Reid pushed a one-week CR through the Senate late Friday night, and Nancy Pelosi instructed House Democrats to support its passage, with the promise from Boehner that the House would pass a clean, long-term DHS funding bill this week. The one-week bill passed with the overwhelming support of Democrats, and Obama signed it.

So, for all intents and purposes, the House minority leader was calling the shots last Friday, determining which legislation would pass and mapping out future votes. Boehner was along for the ride, keeping a low profile with the rest of the Republican leadership while the Democrats held press briefings sketching out the way forward. It’d be embarrassing enough of this had never happened before, but it’s getting difficult to keep track of how many times Pelosi has had to bail out Boehner. That it is still happening despite the fact that Boehner is now sitting on one of the largest Congressional majorities in decades is about as damning an indictment of his speakership as one could ask for.

And that spells real trouble going forward. The story of the first two months of the all-Republican Congress has been complete dysfunction and the inability to perform the rudimentary tasks of government. The Republicans are fighting amongst themselves and venting obvious frustration with Boehner’s shambolic approach to governing. On Friday night, McConnell passed the one-week CR and then immediately adjourned the Senate for the weekend – putting all the pressure to act on Boehner and sending a clear message that he’s done with this fight. Earlier in the day, Sen. Mark Kirk (R-IL) pleaded with House Republicans to stop the madness. “Hopefully we’re gonna end the attaching of bullshit to essential items of the government,” he said.

But the DHS finding fight is just the first test of basic governance confronting the Republican Congress. Sometime later this year the U.S. is going to bump up against the debt limit, and there’s an excellent chance that the debt limit renewal will coincide with the next appropriations fight (the “Cromnibus,” passed last December, only funded government operations through this September). The difficulty the Republicans have had working in concert to fund a single department doesn’t bode well for a combination debt limit/government funding showdown (with the attendant threats of default and shutdown). But before we even get to that point, there’s a chance the Republican Congress will have to deal with the potentially catastrophic fallout from the King v. Burwell decision. If the Supreme Court strikes down the Affordable Care Act’s subsidies in 37 states, Republicans will be under intense pressure to do something to mitigate the damage. Can anyone credibly argue that Congress is up to the task when the Speaker of the House has little to no control over one-fifth of his caucus? And, of course, the DHS funding fight still has to be resolved. Congress bought themselves an extra week, and Democrats agreed to the extension with the thinking that cold political logic and a sense of self-preservation will finally push Boehner to give in and fund the agency without strings. But Boehner’s capacity for illogical and irrational behavior is why they’re in this situation to begin with. Boehner will eventually cave, but there’s no guarantee when that will happen. And really this fight never should have happened in the first place. From the moment of its inception, the Republican strategy was bound to fail. But the leaders in both houses of Congress plowed ahead because they had no idea what else to do, and now they’re being dragged along as the Democrats push through last-minute legislative patches to keep the lights on at DHS. There are a lot of words to describe that process, but “governance” is not one of them.",1
3605,Belgian Terrorists Had Police Uniforms,"Two people were killed Thursday in Verviers, Belgium, when police raided an apartment used by suspected terrorists. Two unidentified people were killed, a third injured, and 15 others detained. Police found four AK-47 assault rifles, explosives, and police uniforms inside the apartment. No police or members of the public were harmed. Separately, a Belgian arms dealer turned himself in on Thursday during a different raid in Charleroi, but police have made no connections to last week’s attacks in Paris that left 17 dead. Local media outlets reported the dealer was suspected of supplying the weapons used in a French supermarket siege, however, police are still investigating a possible connection. “For the moment, we certainly can’t confirm a link,” said Eric Van der Sypt, a spokesman for the office of the Belgian federal prosecutor.

",1
3601,"Police in Belgium, France, and Germany make arrests in latest anti-terror raids","Dozens of terror suspects were arrested in Belgium, France, and Germany early Friday, a day after Belgian authorities said that they halted a plot to attack police officers by mere hours.

Eric Van der Sypt, a Belgian federal magistrate, told a news conference Friday in Brussels that 13 people had been detained in Belgium in connection with the plot, with another two arrested in neighboring France. He added that a dozen searches had led to the discovery of four military-style weapons including Kalashnikov assault rifles.

On Thursday, Belgian police had moved against a suspected terrorist hideout in the eastern town of Verviers. In the ensuing firefight, two terror suspects were killed, while a third was wounded and arrested.

At the time, officials said the militant group targeted in the raid included some who had returned from Syria. Authorities have previously said 300 Belgian residents have gone to fight with extremist Islamic formations in Syria; it is unclear how many have returned.

Authorities in Belgium signaled they were ready for more trouble by raising the national terror alert level from 2 to 3, the second-highest level. Prime Minister Charles Michel said the increase in the threat level was ""a choice for prudence.""

""There is no concrete or specific knowledge of new elements of threat,"" he said.

Meanwhile, French police arrested at least 12 people in anti-terrorism raids in three towns around Paris, the city prosecutor's office said early Friday.

The prosecutor's office said that the raids were targeting people with links to Amedy Coulibaly, the gunman who attacked a kosher supermarket Jan. 9 and claimed ties to the Islamic State terror group. Police officials earlier told The Associated Press that they were seeking up to eight to 10 potential accomplices

Coulibaly was one of three gunmen who carried out a series of terror attacks that resulted in the deaths of 17 people. Authorities in France and several other countries are looking for possible accomplices. One suspect, Coulibaly's common-law wife Hayat Boumeddiane, is believed to have fled to Syria earlier this month.

Meanwhile, the Associated Press reported Friday morning that the Gare l'Est train station in Paris had been closed and evacuated due to a bomb threat. A police official, who was not authorized to be publicly named, told the AP that the station was closed ""as a precaution,"" but would not give further details. The Gare l'Est is one of the major stations in Paris, serving cities in Eastern France and countries to the east.

Also Friday, Berlin police said that they had taken two men into custody on suspicion that they were recruiting fighters and procuring equipment and funding for the Islamic State group, better known as ISIS, in Syria.

The two were picked up in a series of raids involving the search of 11 residences by 250 police officers. Authorities said the raids were part of a months-long investigation into a small group of extremists based in Berlin. However, they also said there was no evidence the group was planning attacks inside Germany.

The group's leader, identified only as 41-year-old Ismet D. in accordance with privacy laws, is accused organizing the group of largely Turkish and Russian nationals to fight against ""infidels"" in Syria. Emin F., 43, is accused of being in charge of finances.

Those recruited include Murat S., a 40-year-old Turkish man who was arrested in September after returning from Syria where had allegedly gone to fight.

In an unrelated raid, German police arrested 26-year-old German-Tunisian dual national into custody Thursday on suspicion he had gone to fight with the terrorist group in Syria. Police made the arrest in Wolfsburg, 120 miles outside Berlin.

Earlier Thursday, Belgian authorities said they were looking into possible links between a man they arrested in the southern city of Charleroi for illegal trade in weapons and Coulibaly.

The man arrested in Belgium ""claims that he wanted to buy a car from the wife of Coulibaly,"" Van der Sypt said. ""At this moment this is the only link between what happened in Paris.""

Van der Sypt said that ""of course, naturally"" we are continuing the investigation.

At first, the man came to police himself claiming there had been contact with Coulibaly's common-law wife regarding the car, but he was arrested following a search of his premises when indications of illegal weapons trading were found.

A Belgian connection figured in a 2010 French criminal investigation into a foiled terrorist plot in which Coulibaly was one of the convicted co-conspirators. The plotters included a Brussels-area contact who was supposed to furnish both weapons and ammunition, according to French judicial documents obtained by The Associated Press.

Spain's National Court said in a statement it was investigating what Coulibaly did in the country's capital, Madrid, with Boumeddiene and a third person who wasn't identified but is suspected of helping Boumeddiene get from Turkey to Syria.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2044,Gov. Jindal 'thinking and praying' about 2016 run - Politics.com,"Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said on Monday he was ""thinking and praying"" about a presidential run and said that an announcement could follow the midterm elections or ""sometime after the holidays.""

If he decides to run, Jindal would likely be the first Republican candidate to announce his decision. Most potential challengers have said they are waiting until spring 2015.

In his speech, Jindal tried to rouse hawks in the party by harshly criticizing President Barack Obama.

""The Russian reset, Iraq, Afghanistan, Israel, Egypt, Iran, Libya, Europe, China, and the list goes on. In each of these areas, it's not just the President took too long to come up with an answer. It's that the answer was wrong,"" he said at an American Enterprise Institute event.

Jindal called Obama's cutting back on defense spending ""foolish"" and ""unacceptable"" at a time when the administration has considered intervening in several foreign conflicts.

The two-term governor went on to say that the U.S. is at war with ISIS and that the President's hesitancy to call it a fight is ""a projection of weakness.""

He also slammed former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, a potential Democratic presidential candidate, for making decisions the he believes has set America on a path for ""more chaos, more conflict and more wars.""

""Today, we are living with the consequences of the Obama-Clinton ideas when it comes to foreign, domestic and defense policy... If only it had the help of a wise, steady hand, a policy expert in dealing with foreign affairs, he'd have come up with better answers. But instead he just had Hillary Clinton,"" he said.

In a set of policy proposals, Jindal suggested that defense spending should be 4% of the country's GDP. He also called for increasing the Pentagon's funding, following the administration's decision to cut back $78 billion in 2011 as a way to decrease the deficit.

In the interim before potentially launching his campaign, Jindal hopes to see the Republican Party take the initiative rather than being known as the opposition party. Jindal mentioned that several Republican members have sided with Obama in the past, including on defense spending cutbacks.

""[The people] are frustrated with the President, but they have yet to hear a comprehensive alternative from the Republicans. All they heard so far is that we are opposed to many of his policies,"" he said. ""What they are hungry for is a positive agenda from the Republican side.""",1
1697,"Poll: Donald Trump, Ben Carson dominate GOP field as Fiorina falters","Washington (CNN) Donald Trump and Ben Carson now stand alone at the top of the Republican field, as Carly Fiorina's brief foray into the top tier of candidates seeking the GOP nomination for president appears to have ended, a new CNN/ORC poll finds .

Fiorina has lost 11 points in the last month, declining from 15% support and second place to 4% and a tie for seventh place.

At the same time, Carson has gained eight points and joins Trump as the only two candidates with support above 20%. As in early September before Fiorina's spike in support, Trump and Carson are the first choice candidate of about half of the potential Republican electorate. All told, nearly two-thirds of Republican voters choose Trump or Carson as either their first or second choice for the nomination.

Hillary Clinton launched her presidential bid on April 12 through a video message on social media. The former first lady, senator and secretary of state is considered the front-runner among possible Democratic candidates.""Everyday Americans need a champion, and I want to be that champion -- so you can do more than just get by -- you can get ahead. And stay ahead,"" she said in her announcement video. ""Because when families are strong, America is strong. So I'm hitting the road to earn your vote, because it's your time. And I hope you'll join me on this journey.""

Ohio Gov. John Kasich joined the Republican field July 21 as he formally announced his White House bid. ""I am here to ask you for your prayers, for your support ... because I have decided to run for president of the United States,"" Kasich told his kickoff rally at the Ohio State University.

Ohio Gov. John Kasich joined the Republican field July 21 as he formally announced his White House bid. ""I am here to ask you for your prayers, for your support ... because I have decided to run for president of the United States,"" Kasich told his kickoff rally at the Ohio State University.

Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas has made a name for himself in the Senate, solidifying his brand as a conservative firebrand willing to take on the GOP's establishment. He announced he was seeking the Republican presidential nomination in a speech on March 23.""These are all of our stories,"" Cruz told the audience at Liberty University in Virginia. ""These are who we are as Americans. And yet for so many Americans, the promise of America seems more and more distant.""

Businessman Donald Trump announced June 16 at his Trump Tower in New York City that he is seeking the Republican presidential nomination. This ends more than two decades of flirting with the idea of running for the White House.""So, ladies and gentlemen, I am officially running for president of the United States, and we are going to make our country great again,"" Trump told the crowd at his announcement.

No other candidates made significant gains since the last CNN/ORC poll conducted just after the Republican debate hosted by CNN and the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library.

The new poll comes amid a flurry of polling being released about a week before the GOP candidates will again meet on the debate stage. The polling criteria set by the organizers of that debate, set to take place October 28, appear likely to result in 10 candidates taking the main stage. Aside from Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, who ended his campaign shortly after last month's debate, it's likely to be a rematch of those who debated in Simi Valley.

Fiorina's decline comes across the demographic and political spectrum, with her support now topping out at 8% among those with college degrees. Last month, she stood at 22% among the same group. Fiorina has dropped 11 points among women and 12 points among men, fallen 18 points among independents, 17 points among those age 50 or older, and 15 points among conservatives.

The poll finds Republican voters increasingly satisfied with their field of choices, 32% say they are ""very satisfied"" with the group of candidates running for president, up from 23% in July. Republicans also remain more enthusiastic about the presidential race than Democratic voters. In the new poll, 68% of Republican voters say they are extremely or very enthusiastic about voting for president in next year's election, compared with 58% among Democratic voters.

Those enthusiastic voters are even more strongly behind Trump and Carson than Republican voters generally, while less enthusiastic Republicans are more likely to say they back Bush. Trump's support among the enthusiastic voters is 30%, with Carson at 25%, while Bush's support dips to just 3%. Among those who say they are ""somewhat enthusiastic"" or less, 22% back Trump, 16% back Carson and 15% back Bush.

There are some signs in the poll that Carson's numbers get a boost if turnout in GOP primaries and caucuses follows the same patterns it has in the past. Carson runs about evenly with Trump among the groups that make up the largest blocs of GOP primary voters: conservatives, self-identified Republicans and white evangelicals. Carson also nearly matches Trump's support among those voters with college degrees, with 24% backing Trump, 23% backing Carson and 13% backing Rubio.

A gender gap has reemerged in the data in the last month, with Carson matching Trump's support among women (23% back each) with Bush behind at 9%, Huckabee at 7% and Fiorina and Rubio each at 6% among GOP women.

Trump has larger edges over Carson among men (31% to 21%, with Rubio at 10%) and independents who lean toward the Republican Party (32% Trump to 19% Carson).

The CNN/ORC Poll was conducted by telephone October 14-17 among a random national sample of 1,028 adults. Results among the 465 registered voters who say they are Republicans or independents who lean toward the Republican Party have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 4.5 percentage points.",1
3005,Sympathy for victims but no apology as Obama makes historic Hiroshima visit,"Corrections & Clarifications: An earlier version of this story misstated the number of American POWs who died in Japanese camps during World War II.

HIROSHIMA, Japan — President Obama made an emotional and historic visit to this once-shattered city Friday, embracing survivors of the Aug. 6, 1945, atomic bomb blast and renewing calls for an end to nuclear weapons.

He did not, however, apologize for the decision to drop the bomb.

""We come to Hiroshima to ponder the terrible forces unleashed in the not so distant past. We come to mourn the dead,"" Obama said in a speech at Hiroshima’s Peace Memorial Park.

An estimated 140,000 people — including a dozen captured American airmen and thousands of forced laborers from Korea — were killed in the world’s first atomic bombing at Hiroshima. Another 70,000 people died in the atomic bombing of Nagasaki three days later.

Friday’s visit was the first by a sitting U.S. head of state and appeared carefully crafted to focus on reconciliation, rather than troubling questions of wartime blame or responsibility.

Atomic bomb survivor groups in the past have called for the United States to apologize for the Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombings, which they call inhumane. Some American veterans and former prisoners of war have opposed an apology, arguing that the twin bombings saved lives by hastening the end of a long and cruel war.

Japan surrendered unconditionally on Aug. 15, 1945, nine days after the Hiroshima bombing.

During the hour-long visit, Obama and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe laid wreaths at a cenotaph dedicated to bombing victims, toured the peace park and an adjoining museum and met privately with bomb survivors.

The park is located near ground zero of the Hiroshima bombing and features the iconic “A-bomb dome” – a burned out commercial exhibition building that was one of the few structures near the epicenter that remained standing.

The cenotaph includes the names of all victims of the Hiroshima bombing, including 12 American airman who were being held in the city at the time of the attack.

In a poignant moment after his speech, Obama shared an extended public embrace with 79-year-old Shigeaki Mori. The Hiroshima bomb survivor spent more than 35 years tracking down relatives of the American airmen, whose fate had remained unknown for decades.

In his speech, Obama said Mori “sought out the families of Americans who were killed here because he believed their loss was equal to his own.”

Barry Frechette, a filmmaker who produced a recent documentary on Mori’s decades-long quest, said Mori and other survivors are not looking for an apology.

“The most important thing we can do is recognize what happened, and understand the horrible consequences of war,” Frechette said in an email interview from his home in the United States.  “We heard from U.S. POW families about how terrible a sacrifice was paid in the loss of their loved ones. But we also heard what terrible consequences were paid on the Japanese side, too, especially to civilians.”

Obama and Abe spoke before about 100 invited guests, including aging bomb victims and local high school students, and hundreds of Japanese and foreign journalists.

The peace park, one of the most popular visitor sites in Japan, was closed to the public Friday as a security precaution. But large and seemingly supportive crowds began gathering outside the grounds early in the day.

Matt Steckling, 25, a Chicago native who has lived in Hiroshima for about a year and a half, was among people in the large crowd just prior to Obama’s arrival and said he was curious to witness the event.

“It’s going to mean a lot for people here to see him come and lay flowers and pay his respects. No one expects him to apologize — the gesture, the visit alone, is enough,” Steckling said.

Obama’s visit followed a two-day summit with leaders of the Group of Seven industrialized democracies in Ise-Shima in central Japan.  Anticipation had been growing that Obama would visit Hiroshima after Secretary of State John Kerry become the highest-ranking Cabinet member to visit the city last month.

Recent polls have shown that most Japanese wanted Obama to visit Hiroshima, but no longer thought an apology was necessary.

Kinue Tokudome, executive director of the U.S.-Japan Dialogue on POWs, said she was disappointed that no American former prisoners of war were invited to attend the ceremony but hoped Obama’s visit would have a positive influence. More than 10,000 Americans died in Japanese camps during World War II, often under appalling conditions.

A U.S. POW support group announced last week that the White House had invited a former POW to accompany Obama during Friday’s visit. But the White House later said that no such invitation had been extended.

""I believe president Obama's visit to Hiroshima is a good thing and hope that it will encourage us, Japanese and Americans, to have more open and honest dialogue on our shared history,” she said.

""Our visit to Hiroshima will honor all those who were lost in World War II and reaffirm our shared vision of a world without nuclear weapons,"" Obama said at a press conference this week.

Japan surrendered on Aug. 15, 1945. Obama was awarded the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize largely on his stated goal of controlling the spread of nuclear weapons.",1
3754,"After riots, Baltimore residents take to streets – to help one another","There was no great, centralized effort, or call from city leaders, to make Tuesday a day of service in Baltimore. Baltimore just did it.

A man cleans up Pennsylvania avenue as Maryland State police stand guard Monday in Baltimore, April 27, 2015. Baltimore erupted in violence on Monday as hundreds of rioters looted stores, burned buildings and at least 15 police officers were injured following the funeral of Freddie Gray, a 25-year-old black man who died after suffering a spinal injury in police custody. The riots broke out blocks from where the funeral of Gray took place and spread through much of west Baltimore.

Mid-morning, when the crew outside Shake and Bake Family Fun Center was ready to pack it in, Jasmine Forbes and Emma Richardson were still clearing old brush out of a gutter, taking turns holding a trash bag. The friends had been cleaning all morning, and would keep at it, in different spots around West Baltimore, well into the afternoon.

“I’ve turned my back on my community so many times,” says Ms. Forbes, who works at the Maryland Science Center. “I can’t sit and watch my brothers and sisters suffering anymore. We need to do better as a community, as for everyone – black, white, whatever race you are. Everyone needs to do better.”

Across Baltimore yesterday, thousands of people took small steps toward community-building, as grassroots volunteer efforts, amplified through social media, grew into a day of collaboration following a night of riots. Many nonprofits put out calls for help, and community leaders helped direct people to where the needs were greatest.  But there was no great, centralized effort, or call from city leaders, to make Tuesday a day of service in Baltimore.

Baltimore just did it.

Spontaneously, people emerged from their homes after a long night of watching parts of their city burn outside their windows, or on CNN. By threes, then dozens, and eventually hundreds, they showed up: to neighborhood cleanups, food distributions, and a host of other volunteer efforts.

In some areas, there were so many people on the streets, there was nothing left to clean. The atmosphere was festive. Stores offered discounts on cleanup supplies. Volunteers handed out garbage bags and water.

By 9 a.m., residents had already cleared away much of Monday night’s destruction. So volunteers went further, hauling years’ worth of trash out of alleys and yards.

“It feels good to be out,” says preschool teacher Paola Albergate, pulling on gloves on a blighted block of Pennsylvania Avenue, as helicopters circled overhead. “Everyone’s so upset, and it’s a good place to come together as a community, and I feel like that’s part of what we need right now – a big part of it.”

Near the Shake & Bake in Sandtown, people with rakes took to the alleys, yards, and streets. Kids as young as four helped to sweep.

Nearby, students from the Maryland Institute College of Art bagged trash and documenting the events of the morning. Parents wheeled by with brooms, pushing toddlers in strollers. Volunteers who had to leave passed their work gloves to those arriving without them. In the road median by Mondawmin Mall, where Monday’s violence began, somebody planted flowers.

Gregory Watson, a firefighter in Baltimore County, came to West Baltimore to check on an uncle, then joined the cleanup of a nearby vacant lot.

“It needed to be done,” he says, “and I think this is a beautiful thing, to see so many people come out that actually care about the city.”

City schools closed for the day, and many employees took the opportunity to volunteer. Meg Grouzard, a history teacher at Baltimore School for the Arts, hit several cleanup sites with two fellow teachers, hoping to see current and former students there. She’d been able to catch up with some by e-mail and Facebook, but – since Mondawmin is a major transit hub for school kids – she wanted to make sure her kids had gotten home safely Monday.

Guided by Facebook posts and a Google Doc compiling areas of great need, the three teachers struck out, eventually landing on Pennsylvania. There, they spent the early afternoon hauling bags of trash out of an overgrown alley, behind a block on which every business – Wonder Land Liquor, R&M Grocery, and Tye & Company Salon – was gutted Monday night.

Kim Peace was there too, with her 7-year-old granddaughter Tyaunah Diggs. The two had walked half a mile, from their home in the Gilmor Homes housing project, to help sweep and haul away trash. Tyaunah, who wants to be a teacher, said she’d rather be in school.  But Ms. Peace remembers the last Baltimore riots, in 1968, when she was around the same age as her granddaughter is now. She says she didn’t want either of them to miss this.

“This our community, and I’m a help clean it up,” she says. “I don’t feel that people should messing their community up like they doing. They going do something, do it in peace.”

Other big volunteer efforts around the city centered on food. Nearly 85 percent of kids in Baltimore’s public schools qualify for free or low-cost meals, and on school cancellation days, many go without. On Tuesday, businesses and organizations large and small tried to help, organizing on social media with the hashtag #baltimorelunch. One local institution, Red Emma’s Bookstore Coffeehouse (go for the Communism, stay for the tofu spread) offered a “safe space” and free lunch to city school students. The international nonprofit Operation Help or Hush, which grew out of the Ferguson, Mo., protests, sent pizzas and snacks to churches and playgrounds around the city.

Still other volunteers organized medical help, checked on elderly community members, and brought food and drink to the owners of looted business or to fellow volunteers. City recreation centers opened for kids who had no school. At gatherings, community organizers passed out voter registration forms. The Baltimore Symphony Orchestra scheduled a free community concert, and other musicians took their talents to protest sites. Throughout the city, citizens demonstrated peacefully. Churches opened their doors.

“Have mercy on our beloved Baltimore,” attendees prayed Tuesday evening at an interfaith service at Brown Memorial Presbyterian Church, a mile from the corner of Pennsylvania and North Avenues, the site of major looting Monday.

At “Penn and North,” the festive spirit that took hold during the morning cleanup lasted until dusk:  there were dancers, a drum line, a prayer circle, and people grilling hotdogs. As curfew approached, more than 25 people formed a human wall between the police and the crowd, to protect both sides.

Todd Marcus, executive director of the Sandtown-based nonprofit Newborn Holistic Ministries, whose volunteers were heavily involved in cleanup efforts Tuesday, says he was moved by the hundreds of volunteers he saw streaming into the neighborhood he has called home for 20 years.

“It’s very emotional, and it’s very encouraging,” he says. “The challenge is for us to make that commitment as a society to the long-term kind of underlying challenges that caused this tension and this explosion. And that’s what we’re not good at.”

He scanned the windows along Pennsylvania, many of which were boarded up long before this morning.

“So what happens later on today?” he asks. “And what happens tomorrow, and in the next months or years?”",1
1660,GOP campaigns push to take more control of debates,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
2692,A Golden Rule for journalists: Objectivity is a myth but fairness is a must,"Back when I was a pup of a reporter, a wise old editor at The New York Times pulled me aside after I submitted a news story with too much attitude. His name was Shelly Binn, and I’ll never forget the bright red line he drew for me.

“Nobody expects you to be objective,” he said. “That’s impossible because we all have feelings and opinions. But you have to be fair to both sides, no matter how you feel.”

There it was, a golden rule of journalism: Objectivity is a myth, fairness is a must. Obviously, the CNBC debate moderators never got the lesson.

The news business is in trouble and overt displays of media bias of the kind we witnessed Wednesday are a big reason. Technology and changing lifestyles have fractured markets and wrecked revenues, but self-inflicted wounds compound the damage.

The moderators’ relentless badgering, arrogance and ignorance toward the GOP candidates was so bad that their performance was universally panned, no small feat at a time when the media, like everything else, is polarized. The tenor provoked astonishment over the failure of network brass to recognize the black eye coming its way.

To continue reading Michael Goodwin's column in the New York Post, click here.

Michael Goodwin is a Fox News contributor and New York Post columnist.",1
2665,Los Angeles Times backs Clinton over Sanders,"The Los Angeles Times Editorial Board's endorsement comes four days before California holds its crucial primary. It wrote that although ""California's Democratic primary owe a debt of gratitude to Bernie Sanders for a campaign that has emphasized issues that otherwise might have been ignored,"" the voters ""should cast their votes for Hillary Clinton.""

The editorial board wrote that Clinton ""is not only more knowledgeable about domestic and international affairs than Sanders, but also more likely to achieve objectives they have in common.""

The board also opined Friday that Clinton has a ""steadiness, seriousness and a commanding grasp of issues about which the blowhard businessman is dangerously ignorant.""

The paper was not shy in noting Clinton's liabilities, though, writing that the former first lady has a ""penchant for secrecy and self-protection"" as reflected in her exclusive use of a private email server while she served as secretary of state. The California primary is expected to put Clinton well over the number of delegates she needs to clinch the Democratic nomination. Clinton nodded to as much during her swing through the state on Friday. ""If all things are expect to occur as I hope they will, by Tuesday, I will have captured the Democratic nomination for president,"" Clinton said in Westminster.",1
1810,Exodus from Puerto Rico could upend Florida vote in 2016 presidential race,"Puerto Rico’s economic crisis meant Jeffrey Rondon, 25, struggled to find even part-time work, so he recently joined the growing exodus from his Caribbean island to Florida. Now he holds a full-time restaurant job and something that could upend the 2016 presidential election — the right to vote in Florida, the biggest of all swing states.

“It’s important to vote and be heard — it’s a privilege,” said Rondon, who is one of thousands of Puerto Ricans who have moved to Florida in the past year.

As U.S. citizens, Puerto Ricans are relatively easy to register to vote, and they are attracting unprecedented attention because they could change the political calculus in a state that President Obama won by the thinnest of margins in 2012: 50 percent to 49.1 percent.

“It’s a potential game changer for the state,” said Mark Hugo Lopez, director of Hispanic Research at the Pew Research Center. “It’s the biggest movement of people out of Puerto Rico since the great migration of the 1950s.”

[Is it lights out for Puerto Rico?]

Puerto Rican voters tend to lean Democratic, but a great number of the newcomers do not identify with any party, making them appealing targets for politicians and recruiters on both sides. Like those living in other U.S. territories, people in Puerto Rico cannot vote for president in the U.S. general election.

Former Florida governor Jeb Bush, who is leading the large number of Republican presidential candidates in Florida polls, recently made a high-profile visit to Puerto Rico. On Monday, he will address three separate gatherings in Orlando, and among those with whom he is meeting are many Puerto Ricans and other Hispanics.

Hillary Rodham Clinton, the leading Democratic presidential candidate, has visited the island in the past and polled very well with Puerto Ricans when she ran for president in 2008.

“I think you are going to see a hyper-focus in Florida, the likes of which we have never seen. I do think Puerto Ricans can change the political landscape,” said Cristóbal Alex, president of the Democratic-backed Latino Victory Project.

Jennifer Sevilla Korn, who works on Hispanic outreach as the Republican National Committee’s deputy political director of strategic initiatives, said that the GOP has been watching the shifting demographics of Florida and that the Puerto Rican vote “is definitely rising in importance.”

“It’s been growing for years,” she said, adding that in 2016, “you have to get a good portion of Puerto Rican votes to win Florida.”

She said Republicans are building community relationships, opening offices in heavily Hispanic neighborhoods, going door to door and showing up at Latino events of every size, “from 30 to 30,000 people” and setting up GOP booths

“I see the vote as up for grabs,” she said.

[Puerto Rican debt crisis forces its way onto presidential political agenda]

Puerto Rico, a U.S. commonwealth, has been struggling with $72 billion in debt and soaring unemployment. The Pew Research Center calculates that the island’s population dropped by 11,000 people a year in the 1990s, but between 2010 and 2013, the loss accelerated to 48,000 a year.

This year, with economic problems growing, the number leaving for the mainland is even higher.

Florida — particularly the area around Orlando in central Florida — has become the hottest destination for Puerto Ricans. Disney World and the many jobs associated with the tourist industry around it offer entry-level jobs.

Puerto Rican professionals and entrepreneurs also are relocating to Florida, which they see as a welcoming place where it is ever easier to find a shop with a Puerto Rican flag, food and music.

In addition, a growing number of Puerto Ricans from New York, Chicago and elsewhere on the mainland are moving to central Florida, or, as many call it, “Little Puerto Rico.”

“The weather is better here than New York!” said Larry Rivera, the New York-born manager of Kissimmee’s Melao Bakery, which features Puerto Rican sweets and offerings such as mofongo, a fried plantain dish with garlic.

Rivera said everyone is talking about all the newcomers. He sees the influx in the lines of Puerto Ricans at Melao that sometimes stretch out the door. “I see all the new faces, and I see that when people are applying for jobs, their last address was the island,” he said.

Rondon, who moved to Florida in October to find work, was recently hired at Melao. Jobs were so hard to come by in Bayamon, on the north side of the island, that Rondon said he could earn only $150 a week with part-time work at Home Depot. So he, his brother and his mother relocated to Florida, and he now works 40 hours a week or more and earns three times what he did.

His dream, he said, is to own a home in Florida, and he is excited about voting in the U.S. presidential election for the first time. He says he has a “good feeling about Hillary Clinton,” but the candidate he has heard the most about is Donald Trump, so, he says, “I need to learn more.”

Puerto Rico’s party system is different from the U.S. system. Though there is no general-election presidential vote, there are Republican and Democratic presidential primaries on the island, and delegates are sent to the national conventions.

Some Puerto Ricans blame politicians for wrecking the island’s economy and say they are in no hurry to have anything to do with politics. But big efforts are underway to engage the newcomers.

“I’m telling them if you don’t vote, you don’t count — it’s like you don’t exist,” said Jeamy Ramirez, 37, who works for Mi Familia Vota, a national nonprofit group that registers Latinos. She said her group has signed up about 3,000 new voters in central Florida since March, a great number of whom were Puerto Rican and did not register with either party.

One of the newcomers Ramirez registered is Yarinneth Castro, 26, who arrived two months ago. The college student, who hopes to be a court psychologist, said she will be listening for a candidate who addresses her two big issues: better health-care coverage and help for Puerto Rico. “I am interested in the person, not the party,” she said.

In a state famous for razor-thin margins of electoral victory, the influx of thousands of people is mobilizing many activists.

“Everyone remembers that George W. Bush won Florida by 537 votes in 2000. You are talking about 1,000 families coming here a month. It’s stunning,” said Anthony Suarez, president of the Puerto Rican Bar Association in Florida. He has helped organize a bipartisan forum that he calls “Political Salsa” to engage newcomers on the issues.

Mark Oxner, chairman of the Osceola County Republican Party, said, “We’re telling them what the Republican Party stands for and that a lot of their values align with the Republican Party,” especially on social issues such as opposition to abortion. He added, “We need to reach out to the Puerto Rican base and tell them we believe in the same things.”

State Sen. Darren Soto, a Democrat, is running to be Florida’s first Puerto Rican in Congress. He is seeking the 9th District seat vacated by Alan Grayson, a Democrat who is running for the U.S. Senate. Many Democrats hope that Soto’s candidacy in central Florida will energize Puerto Rican turnout in the presidential year.

The Puerto Rican vote “helped Barack Obama win Florida twice,” Soto said, and now, “because of the higher influx, it will be a bigger factor.”

Puerto Rican elected officials from New York and Chicago plan to come down early next year to hold political rallies. In 2014, caravans of cars where organized to get the vote out — as many as 70 cars bearing Puerto Rican flags blaring through a neighborhood — and there will be bigger efforts in 2016.

Soto said those coming from Puerto Rico can register to vote fairly easily — they simply have to prove residency, as people do when they get a driver’s license, by showing utility bills or rental leases. “It’s no different than a person moving here from New York,” he said.

Soraya Marquez, the state coordinator for Mi Familia Vota, said her team goes to supermarkets, housing complexes and festivals — anywhere people gather — to ask people whether they want to register. After finding out whether a person is a U.S. citizens, they usually use a Florida driver’s license or identification card to get the person’s details and help them sign up.

The group hands the voter applications over to the state supervisor of elections. If that office approves the application, it mails the person a voting card, usually within two weeks. Marquez said Mi Familia Vota aims to register 10,000 people in central Florida this year and 20,000 more next year. Many other groups are helping people register, too.

Vivian Rodriguez, chairman of the Democratic Hispanic Caucus of Florida, said registering to vote is key, but that’s just the beginning. “Nobody anticipated this large migration, but it is changing politics,” she said. “It’s a good opportunity for us. But we have a lot of work to do.”

Scott Clement in Washington contributed to this report.",1
999,Marco Rubio Ends Bid after Losing His Home State,"MIAMI - Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio dropped out of the race for president Tuesday, ending his White House bid after a humbling loss in his home state to Donald Trump.

""It is not God's plan that I be president in 2016 or maybe ever,"" the Florida senator told a crowd of supporters in Miami.

While he didn't name Trump, Rubio warned against embracing his brand of divisive politics: ""I ask the American people, do not give into the fear, do not give into the frustration,"" he said.

Rubio's decision was prompted by losses in all but three of the presidential nomination contests, but Florida's winner-take-all primary proved the most devastating. Only six years earlier, he was a tea party favorite who crushed the GOP's ""establishment"" candidate to win a seat in the U.S. Senate.

But the political tables turned on him in the 2016 presidential race, where he was lambasted as mainstream in a year when voters cried out for an outsider.

In the final week, he dedicated time and resources almost exclusively to the Sunshine State, urging voters to stop Trump from ""hijacking"" the Republican Party. He went so far as to tell his supporters in Ohio to vote for Buckeye State governor John Kasich since his chances were better to win there.

Despite his intense rivalry with Trump, Rubio only indirectly criticized him during much of the campaign. He pivoted to an all-out assault on the businessman's character and ethics after a dismal Super Tuesday performance March 1, when he clinched only one of the 11 contests.

In recent weeks, the attacks deviated from policy to personal. At one point, Rubio equated Trump's small hands with his manhood. But the strategy backfired with voters and donors and Rubio later said he regretted the attacks.

Like other Republicans, Rubio had pledged to support the eventual GOP nominee. But, in recent days, he expressed having second thoughts. He told reporters Saturday that the chaos and divisiveness at Trump's rallies, including the one in Chicago canceled last week, had made it harder for him to view the front-runner as a viable candidate.

The 44-year-old senator had seemed destined for the national spotlight. Time magazine placed him on its cover in early 2013, dubbing him the ""Republican Savior.""

In under a decade, he had gone from West Miami commissioner to state legislator to Florida House Speaker. In 2010, he challenged a sitting governor for a U.S. Senate seat and won after starting more than 50 percentage points behind in the polls, catapulted by a wave of tea party supporters.

He launched his presidential campaign at the Miami Freedom Tower, where tens of thousands of his fellow Cuban-Americans had been processed as refugees. He promised lower taxes, less regulation, tighter federal spending, modernized immigration laws, and the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare.

At the time, Rubio's friend and one-time mentor, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, seemed his biggest hurdle to get to the Oval Office.

Enter Trump. By mid-summer, he turned the Bush-Rubio rivalry into a telenovela without the sizzle. Bush dropped out after the Feb. 20 South Carolina primary.

In the Iowa caucuses, Rubio came in a better-than-expected third place, nearly beating Trump for second. He then banked on a big showing in New Hampshire but a stunningly poor debate performance - in which he frequently repeated talking points and was called ""scripted"" by rival Chris Christie - led to a dismal fifth place.

""Our disappointment tonight is not on you. It's on me,"" he told supporters that night.

Rubio came in second in South Carolina and Nevada, but on March 1, Super Tuesday, he collected just one win in 11 contests.

The final blow came two weeks later, at home.

Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.",1
877,Is Cruz too conservative to win? NY Times says he's sooo right-wing,"Ted Cruz is a very, very conservative guy.

Like, ultra-conservative. Seriously, hyper-conservative. As in, you wouldn’t believe how conservative.

That is the unmistakable message of a New York Times piece that aims to plumb the depths of the senator’s ideology—and, near the top, notes that John McCain called him a “wacko bird.”

I’m all for scrutinizing the candidates and their stands on the issues, even if this story begins with sort of a forehead-slapping tone. We would see more of this coverage of Cruz if the media consensus wasn’t that Donald Trump is still the most likely nominee.

Most of the media attention surrounding Cruz focuses on his trench warfare to lure delegates away from Trump; his response to charges by Trump; and some version of the Time magazine question, “Likable Enough?”

Cruz advisers believe the Texan is softening his testy image by launching a charm offensive. This includes joking around with Jimmy Fallon (in his Trump wig), using his wife Heidi as a surrogate and appearing on CNN with his young daughters. They believe Mitt Romney lost in 2012 because many people didn’t like him, and are trying to avoid that problem.

Cruz is also using more humor, telling “Good Morning America” yesterday that he is the only GOP candidate “who doesn’t eat pizza with a knife and fork.”

In the runup to today’s New York primary, where the Cruz camp is hoping to win a few delegates at best, the senator has been attacking Trump as someone who has supported liberal Democratic causes for 40 years. So he’s hardly hiding the fact that he’s a true-blue conservative.

The Times piece starts out with a laundry list. It says that on immigration Cruz is “to the right of Ronald Reagan,” who backed a liberalization compromise in 1986. Of course, most of the GOP is now to the right of Reagan on this issue.

Cruz “opposes abortion even in cases of rape and incest,” and supports an amendment to allow states to avoid performing or recognizing same-sex marriages.

Cruz favors the gold standard, wants to abolish the IRS, and has criticized Trump on deportation policy—full stop—“from the right.”

The larger point, of course, is that Cruz would be a weak candidate, “the  most conservative presidential nominee in at least a half-century, perhaps to the right of Barry Goldwater.” And we all recall what happened to him.

And here’s the sort-of praise: Cruz “anticipated the rightward tilt of the Republican Party of today, grasping its conservatism even as colleagues dismissed him as a fringe figure.”

Cruz told Bill O'Reilly yesterday that ""the Times is not exactly a barometer for the mainstream."" Asked about his position on abortion, he said it is Hillary Clinton's position on the issue that is ""radical.""

""I recognize the media loves to focus on issues where they can hit Republicans over and over again,"" Cruz said, but that his main focus will be jobs.

Now there’s little question that Cruz could have a rough time when he has to defend his positions on abortion, immigration, even his flat-tax plan to a national electorate, not just Republicans.

Even some mainstream Republicans think he would lead the party to defeat, although part of the establishment is reluctantly embracing him as an alternative to Trump.

But in the latest Fox News poll, Cruz is in a virtual tie with Hillary Clinton, trailing by 1 point, while Trump trails by 7 points (and John Kasich leads her by 9). On paper, at least, Cruz and Trump would lose to Bernie Sanders by 12 and 14 points, respectively.

For now, Cruz advisers believe they are beating Trump at the delegate game and that some party regulars are insulted by the billionaire’s attacks on a crooked system. These are the kind of delegates, they say, who would throw their weight behind Cruz on a second ballot.

If the race between the two men becomes more competitive, expect to hear much more from the media about how Cruz is an unapologetic right-winger.

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
3980,Mali: At least 20 dead after gunmen storm luxury hotel in capital,"The gunmen seized 170 hostages in the attack on Friday. Malian soldiers, along with US and French special forces, rescued hostages as they attempted to regain control of the hotel.

Could the juvenile suspects in the Tennessee wildfires be tried as adults?

UPDATE at 9:30 pm Eastern time: Heavily armed Islamic extremists seized dozens of hostages Friday at a Radisson hotel, but Malian troops, backed by US and French special forces, swarmed in to retake the building and free many of the terrified captives, according to The Associated Press. At least 20 people, including one American, were killed along with two gunmen during the more than seven-hour siege, a Malian military commander said.

Gunmen seized a luxury hotel in the Malian capital of Bamako Friday and took 170 people hostage, killing at least three of them while some 20 others have been released.

The Malian military said 10 gunmen stormed the Radisson Blu hotel shouting ""Allahu Akbar,"" or ""God is great,"" in Arabic before firing on hotel guards Friday morning.

Malian soldiers, with help from United Nations peacekeeping troops, currently have the hotel surrounded. A Malian military official told the Associated Press that three deaths were confirmed. Two of the dead are Malian and the other is a French national, according to CNN.

It also appears that those who have been released were made to recite Koranic verses first, Reuters reports. The news wire also reports that the gunmen are currently making their way through the hotel floor by floor.

The Rezidor Hotel Group, which operates the Radisson Blu, released a statement saying 30 the hostages were hotel staff and the other 140 were guests. The 190-room hotel, located near government ministries and diplomatic offices, is popular among foreigners in the former French colony. Turkish Airlines said that six of its crew members are part of the hostage hold-up. Chinese, French, and Belgian nationals are also believed to be inside.

There was no immediate claim of responsibility, but this year has seen an uptick in jihadist violence across Mali. An attack on a restaurant in Bamako in March was the first time the capital had been attacked in years.

In 2012, after a coup in Bamako, Mali's north fell under the control of Islamic extremists who took advantage of a Tuareg uprising. In 2013, the French Army took control of the north and a UN-brokered peace deal was signed with Tuareg separatists.

France and other Western nations have been working with the Malian government to prevent the Islamist militants from regaining a foothold in the north. A UN spokesman said that the Radisson Blu was host to a large delegation of UN workers involved in the ongoing peace process.

In August, nine people, including four members of the UN mission, were killed in a hotel attack in the central town of Sevare after heavily armed gunmen entered a hotel popular with European military officers. The attacks was significant because the popular tourist town was the demarcation line between government-controlled areas of Mali and those that were controlled by Islamist militants, the Wall Street Journal reports.

The Christian Science Monitor reported in August that there were signs that militants were strategically moving south to places like Bamako, after having been confined to cities such as Timbuktu in the north.

""It's a troubling sign that the armed Islamist groups are intent on stepping up the pressure both on the Malian government and on the UN and French presence,"" Bruce Whitehouse, a Mali expert and associate professor at Lehigh University, told AP. ""They want to show they are not just contained within the north and that they're not afraid to confront their primary enemies where they're strongest.""",1
134,Rudy Giuliani's fall from America's Mayor,"But by amplifying his charge that President Barack Obama doesn't love America, former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani appears ready to risk sullying the powerful mythology that grew around his leadership when he steadied and steeled the nation in the terrible, confusing time after 9/11.

Since those fleeting days when he was a unifying figure, Giuliani has more often dealt in waspish rhetoric and savage mockery -- especially of a president he says has ""failed.""

""America's Mayor"" has gone rogue, lashing out at Democrats and liberal orthodoxy on the war on terror and saying, for example, during the Ferguson controversy last year that the biggest danger to a black child was not from a white police officer but from another African American.

The latest firestorm over Obama's patriotism may complete Giuliani's political journey from the center left of the Republican Party to the conservative jungles where Sarah Palin and Donald Trump roam.

""Rudy has devolved into this red meat Republican base ideologue who periodically seems to need self identification,"" said Douglas Muzzio, a political scientist at Baruch College and a New York City media commentator. ""Maybe it is Rudy in his dotage, where he has lost whatever boundaries he once had. He sounds like a bitter old man.""

Giuliani seems to be relishing his moment back in the spotlight.

But he's also causing awkward moments for Republican candidates limbering up for a crack at the presidency in 2016 -- a fact the White House was quick to exploit on Friday.

""It's sad to see when somebody who has attained a certain level of public stature, and even admiration, tarnishes that legacy so thoroughly,"" said Obama's spokesman, Josh Earnest. ""And the truth is, I don't take any joy, or vindication, or satisfaction from that. I think, really, the only thing that I feel is I feel sorry for Rudy Giuliani today.""

Democratic National Committee Chairman Debbie Wasserman Schultz also joined in, seeking to use Giuliani to frustrate the GOP's effort to short circuit controversies which could tarnish the party's image.

""Now is the time for its leaders to stop this kind of nonsense. Enough,"" she said.

Giuliani's blast, delivered in a closed door Republican dinner, and repeated in a media tour, centers on a claim that Obama was not brought up to ""love"" his country like most Americans.

It's a familiar charge from the conservative fringe, that Obama is somehow different and doesn't view America as an exceptional paragon but is obsessed with apologizing for its failings.

""I do not believe, and I know this is a horrible thing to say, but I do not believe the president loves America,"" Giuliani was quoted as saying by Politico.

Asked by Fox News host Megyn Kelly Thursday whether he wanted to apologize, Giuliani replied: ""Not at all. I want to repeat it.""

""I don't feel this love of America,"" Giuliani said. ""I believe his initial approach is to criticize the United States.""

Giuliani dug in further in an interview with the New York Times, rejecting the idea that his remarks were born of racism.

""I thought that was a joke, since (Obama) was brought up by a white mother, a white grandfather, went to white schools, "" said Giuliani. ""This isn't racism. This is socialism or possibly anti-colonialism,"" said Giuliani.

Far from being chastened, Giuliani, who wore a conspiratorial grin on Fox News, seems gleeful in the firestorm. His behavior might be explained by a boxing maxim he was taught as a boy, which may also shed light on his calmness on 9/11.

""My father taught me ... when you get hit in the face for the first time, you're going to panic,"" Giuliani said in an interview with Forbes magazine in 2011. ""Instead of panicking, just accept it. Stay calm. And any time anybody hits you, they always leave themselves open to be hit.""

Giuliani's actions may be both a glimpse at his political philosophy and reflect a decision to wade into the political echo chamber to solidify his standing among a certain group of conservatives.

""He understands political posturing, he understands the effectiveness of rhetoric,"" said Errol Louis, a CNN political commentator from New York. ""He clearly wants to play a role on the national stage. I guess he has chosen the role of bulldog -- go after the president, attack him, make wild accusations.""

With a failed presidential campaign behind him, and having been out of office for a decade-and-a-half, it may be that Giuliani sees his future on the conservative talk circuit.

""To the extent that Giuliani will be involved in the game moving forward, it will be as a commentator or an analyst,"" said Costas Panagopoulos, a campaigns expert at Fordham University, New York. ""In order to do that successfully these days, it helps to be controversial, sometimes inflammatory. I am not surprised that he has become increasingly forceful in his comments in the media. He is convinced that will help him.""

Giuliani has rarely been known to back down. He was a Yankee fan growing up in Brooklyn, a ruthless prosecutor who took on unions and the Mob and a hard driving Republican who ran a liberal city.

When he awoke on September 11, 2001, Giuliani was a polarizing figure with a large ego and a sharp tongue. He might have purged New York street crime but was starting to grate on the city's nerves at the end of his second term.

Within hours, with a staggering display of calm, purpose and leadership, he had recast himself as a modern-era Winston Churchill, steadying and inspiring his people in their darkest hour. His heroics were such that he became one of those politicians who become known by a single name.

Marching up Broadway, he grabbed a mike and told people to evacuate southern Manhattan. He conjured up national resolve and resistance, as a country waited hours to see its president, out of sight on Air Force One.

""People tonight should say a prayer, for the people that we have lost, and be grateful that we are all here,"" he said in a late night press conference 12 hours after the Twin Towers came crashing down in a toxic cloud of fire and ash. ""Tomorrow New York is going to be here and we are going to rebuild and we are going to be stronger from before.""

Making Giuliani its Man of the Year, Time Magazine said: ""When the day of infamy came, Giuliani seized it as if he had been waiting for it all his life.""

But he struggled to meet huge expectations. His 2008 presidential campaign was a bust, plagued by poor organization and his liberal views on social issues that conflicted with the conservative base.

But there was also a sense that he was playing the September 11 card too much: Joe Biden's crack that there were ""only three things he mentions in a sentence, a noun a verb and 9/11"" was funny because it bore more than a ring of truth.

That was years ago now. But while his years of elective office are behind him, Giuliani still seems to pine for the political spotlight. So he has every incentive to keep this row going as long as he can.",1
2901,Even Fox News is outraged at Boehner and Netanyahu's plan to undermine Obama,"Fox News is not exactly known as an ally of the Obama administration, especially when it comes to disputes between Obama and House Speaker John Boehner, or disputes between Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.

Yet two prominent Fox News hosts, Chris Wallace and Shepherd Smith, harshly criticized Boehner and Netanyahu on Friday for secretly arranging a Netanyahu speech to Congress that is transparently aimed at undermining President Obama, and set up without the White House's knowledge.

The White House, State Department, and many foreign policy observers, including prominent former US ambassador to Israel Martin Indyk, expressed outrage over the move. And, in a sign of just how many lines Boehner and Netanyahu crossed, so did the two Fox News hosts.

""I agree 100 percent,"" Wallace said when Smith read a quote from Indyk criticizing the Boehner-Netanyahu maneuver. Wallace went on:

And to make you get a sense of really how, forgive me, wicked, this whole thing is, the Secretary of State John Kerry met with the Israeli Ambassador to the United States for two hours on Tuesday, Ron Dermer. The ambassador, never mentioned the fact that Netanyahu was in negotiations and finally agreed to come to Washington, not to see the president, but to go to Capitol Hill, speak to a joint session of congress and criticize the president's policy. I have to say I'm shocked.

Smith said, ""it seems like [Netanyahu's government] think[s] we don't pay attention and that we're just a bunch of complete morons, the United States citizens, as if we wouldn't pick up on what's happening here.""

Wallace pointed out that Netanyahu might face political backlash in Israel over this ""very risky political strategy,"" which could damage Israel's relationship with the United States.

Here is the backstory: On Wednesday, Boehner announced that he had invited Netanyahu to come speak to a joint session of Congress in late February (later pushed to early March) on Obama's nuclear negotiations with Iran, which both Boehner and Netanyahu oppose, and which Republicans are seeking to blow up by forcing new, deal-killing sanctions on Iran. What made this such a remarkable breach is that Boehner had reached over Obama to make the invitation, which he and Netanyahu kept secret from the White House. That is a major breach in US foreign policy, which is supposed to be unified; things like official visits by heads of state almost always go through the White House.

Perhaps worse, Republicans are letting a foreign leader use the floor of Congress to bash the American president, thus not just allowing but helping a foreign country meddle in American foreign policy. (This is not the first time either. Republicans invited Netanyahu to speak to Congress in 2011, an opportunity he also used to lambast Obama.)

For his part, Netanyahu is once again attempting to undermine the American president who is by far his most important ally, and is using Congress as a campaign stop on his own bid for reelection in Israel's March elections.

""Bibi and dermer might have finally gone too far""

While backlash was anticipatable, Netanyahu likely did not imagine it extending to Fox News.

""After watching this I think Bibi [Netanyahu] and [Israeli ambassador to the US Ron] Dermer might have finally gone too far,"" Lisa Goldman, the director of the Israel-Palestine Initiative at the New America Foundation, wrote on Facebook of the Fox News segment. ""They miscalculated the American Zeitgeist and didn't realize that when a foreign power, even a favorite ally, shows a lack of respect for US institutions, a red line has been crossed.""

To Goldman's point, both Smith and Wallace, in expressing outrage at Netanyahu, pointed out that the Israeli leader had defied President George W. Bush's demand that Israel cease settlement growth in the West Bank, and had resisted Bush's efforts at an Israel-Palestine peace deal. The issue, for them, was not principally one of partisan politics, but of this ostensible ally repeatedly mistreating the United States and its president, regardless of political party.

If the Netanyahu government and Ron Dermer's embassy are watching this, and they certainly should be, they should be alarmed that even this crucially important element of their American support base is beginning to see the Netanyahu government as less of an ally.",1
1103,Why Team Clinton's not sweating Trump,"Joel Benenson is a world-class worrier, but he isn’t especially worried about Donald Trump in the fall.

Trump isn’t freaking out just Republicans these days: Democrats, panicked by the Manhattan mogul’s seemingly unstoppable rise in the primaries, see him as an ocher ogre capable of undoing President Barack Obama’s legacy and undermining the civility supporting American democracy.

Trump-phobia has infected many people in Hillary Clinton’s extended orbit — especially her notoriously jelly-kneed donors — and they are dutifully fretting over Trump’s dark-alley debate style, his promise to napalm the Clintons with personal attacks and, above all, his magical-realism appeal to angry Rust Belt whites.

Benenson, the Clinton campaign’s bearded principal pollster and chief strategist, can’t even bring himself to pay lip service to Trump, whom he sees as a one-man Democratic turnout machine and a turn-off switch to moderates in both parties. His analysis of the 2016 landscape leads him to the conclusion that Trump has virtually no path to the presidency (he won’t say the same thing about Bernie Sanders) and presents Clinton with renewed opportunities in purple states — especially North Carolina and Arizona.

Indeed, when I interviewed him for POLITICO’s “Off Message” podcast on Friday, the usually easygoing Benenson was in a tense and testy mood, bracing for an uncertain battle against Sanders on Tuesday — lashing the Vermont senator for impugning Clinton’s character. But when I mentioned Trump — specifically the developer’s claim he could swipe New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio and the lot from the Democrats — his Charlie Brown cloud lifted instantly.

“It’s not real,” a grinning Benenson said of Trump’s repeated claim he can defeat Clinton (or Sanders) by wrestling away swing-state voters.

“I don’t see any state that Democrats have won five out of six times, or six out of six times, that Trump, you know, at face value, poses a threat in. I just don’t see it,” said Benenson, who was the top pollster in Obama’s two successful presidential campaigns.

“What’s the evidence of it? The evidence of it, they’ve turned out a lot of people. I think he’s broken 50 percent in only one state, right? … If you look at the states that Democrats have won … in five out of the last six [presidential contests], it adds up to 257 electoral votes. It means you only need 13 more to get to 270, if we perform that way.”

Other Obama alumni — including 2008 campaign manager David Plouffe — are basically on the same page, although they think Trump’s unpredictability (coupled with Clinton’s innate caution as a candidate) could cause unexpected problems. Benenson said he hasn’t polled extensively on Trump yet, but he thinks Trump has so antagonized minority voters — and turned off moderate whites with his harsh rhetoric and chaotic rallies — that Clinton might exceed Obama’s 2012 total of 332 Electoral College votes.

North Carolina, which Obama won narrowly in ’08 and lost by 2 percentage points four years later, would likely be target No. 1 in a Clinton-Trump showdown. “That’s going to be a very problematic state for Republicans,” he said. “Now, we played there in 2012, but not a lot. The president didn’t go into the state. We let Romney outspend us 5-to-1.”

It would be nice to have the luxury of focusing exclusively on Trump (or, better still, concocting a game plan against Ted Cruz, the Clinton camp’s preferred opponent). But there’s the small matter of clearing aside Sanders, who has a front-runner’s online fundraising operation and a terrier-with-teeth-in-your-leg competitive tenacity that could keep him in the fight until the convention.

A couple of weeks ago, Clinton’s team was very confident she was close to wrapping up the nomination. But when I asked Benenson to look ahead to Tuesday’s big five-state contest, he hit the basic talking points: She was ahead by 215 pledged delegates, a bigger lead in that category than Obama ever enjoyed in ’08. And he demurred when I asked whether Clinton would emerge with a “substantial” net delegate gain for the night. “Substantial?” he said. “There are a lot of delegates. Like I said, if there are 867 out there — I don’t know how we’ll be measuring substantial by the end of the night, and I can’t forecast it, because some of these states are closer than others.”

Like everybody else, Benenson was a bit blindsided by Sanders’ stunning win in Michigan last week (Brooklyn’s data team predicted a 5-point Clinton win; public pollsters had Sanders losing by three or four times that margin). Moreover, it’s no secret that he has struggled (along with the candidate herself) to sharpen Clinton’s sprawling competence-and-policy-mastery platform into a compact, inspirational, bumper-sticker message to compete with Sanders’ anti-Wall Street crusade. Reports of friction between him and the Clintons have been overstated, he told me.

“You know, she’s been on the road more, and I’m here more in New York and Brooklyn,” said Benenson, the highest-ranking member of Clinton’s team who hadn’t worked with her on previous campaigns. “But I think we’ve gotten to know each other more. We talk very frankly. She knows I speak my mind; I’m somebody who does, and I think that works for her. … I like it when we’re doing debate prep and there’s a lot of back-and-forth, and you’re hearing her talk. She’s often the one who comes up with the best things because they come from what she’s believed for a long time, and I think it’s a pretty powerful place to be. I think this is a woman who knows who she is, knows why she’s doing this.”

Benenson is protective of Clinton and has, not surprisingly, cultivated a not-inconsiderable disdain for Sanders and his sharp-elbowed team. “He’s been in the free media, been leveling very — and the whole campaign has been leveling very explicit attacks on Secretary Clinton. He’s tried to impugn her character,” he said, his voice rising to a near shout. “He does it all the time. He does it, you know, in a way that has given him enough wiggle room to say, ‘No, no, I’m not being negative,’ but of course he is. His whole campaign.”

Sanders’ criticisms of Benenson’s former boss, Obama, are especially galling. Walk into the pollster’s 33rd-floor office in midtown Manhattan and you’ll find a minimuseum full of first-rate ’08 ephemera: The conference room is festooned with “Obama Wins” newspaper headlines, and a cardboard cutout of the 44th president stares back at you benevolently as you sit on the waiting room couch.

“The things he says about Barack Obama. … It actually pisses me off … because it’s disingenuous,” Benenson said, flashing real anger. “Don’t stand on a stage in front of television cameras, with millions of people when you’re running in a Democratic primary, and say he’s a friend of yours and you work with him.”

“You know, I’d like to remind everybody what he said when Barack Obama was under attack by Republicans running for reelection in 2012, when he called [Obama] weak, a disappointment to millions of people, and said he didn’t have the backbone to stand up to Republicans,” he said, suggesting Sanders is more comfortable slamming his allies than the common enemy. “I haven’t heard him say a word about George Bush. Have you even heard him mention George Bush’s name on the campaign trail?”

The contempt, in many ways, is born of familiarity. Benenson, like Sanders, is an overachieving outer-borough working-class Jew who was drawn to progressive political causes early in life. Both had peripatetic young adulthoods that didn’t portend powerful futures on the national stage. Sanders college-hopped, abandoning his native Brooklyn for bucolic Vermont, where he earned a living as a carpenter, writer, filmmaker and freelance gadfly before winning the Burlington mayor’s race as a socialist.

Benenson, who looks a decade younger than his 63 years, took an even more circuitous path. He dropped out of Queens College, just short of graduation, to work in avant-garde theater. Then, to pay his rent, he accepted an uncle’s offer to help run a beer distributorship in Crown Heights in Brooklyn. And that’s where he spent the night of the 1977 New York City blackout — staked out at the front door, a shotgun borrowed from his girlfriend’s brother loaded on his lap. Then he wanted to become a Yankees beat reporter, which eventually led to a successful career as a political scribe for the New York Daily News. He is a rarity in the media-suspicious world of the Clintons: Many of his oldest friends are reporters — Adam Nagourney of the Times, Roger Simon of POLITICO, Serge Kovaleski (the Timesman whose disability Trump mocked at a rally) and Obama message man David Axelrod, who made his name at the Chicago Tribune.

Like Sanders, who was arrested for participating in a civil rights demonstration as a student in 1960s Chicago, Benenson had his own brush with protest and the police. In 1970, a day after the Kent State shootings, a 17-year-old Benenson was (in his words) “detained” after joining a group of anti-Vietnam War protesters who blocked the heavily trafficked Long Island Expressway.

But their paths diverged in ways that say much about the character of each man and of each campaign. While Sanders spent most of his teens and 20s as an activist for socialist and student organizations, Benenson was attracted to mainstream Democratic politics. His hero was Bobby Kennedy, and he casts the New York senator’s 1968 campaign as the hybrid of idealism and pragmatism currently embodied by his 2016 boss.

In our interview, Benenson started to talk about Kennedy matter of factly, but he broke down as he described watching TV coverage of Martin Luther King’s assassination in his mother’s Laurelton living room. He remembers the image of Kennedy, jumping on top of a parked car to address a seething African-American crowd in Indianapolis. “What we need in the United States is not division,” Kennedy said. “What we need in the United States is not hatred; what we need in the United States is not violence or lawlessness, but love and wisdom, and compassion toward one another.”",1
169,Ryan and McConnell confront their first big test,Parker covered the Trump campaign and transition for the Times.,1
358,Dozens of intelligence analysts reportedly claim assessments of ISIS were altered,"Dozens of intelligence analysts working at the U.S. military's Central Command (CENTCOM) have complained that their reports on ISIS and the Nusra Front in Syria were inappropriately altered by senior officials, according to a published report.

The Daily Beast reported late Wednesday that more than 50 analysts had supported a complaint to the Pentagon that the reports had been changed to make the terror groups seem weaker than the analysts believe they really are. Fox News confirmed last month that the Defense Department's inspector general was investigating the initial complaint, which the New York Times reported was made by a civilian employee of the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA).

At a panel discussion Thursday moderated by Fox News' Catherine Herridge, DIA Director Lt. Gen. Vincent Stewart also confirmed the probe and said the DIA will let the investigation play out. He said the DIA ""delivers the truth wherever the debate takes us.""

The Pentagon acknowledged the IG investigation as well.

""I think ... the best thing for us to do is wait"" for the IG investigation, spokesman Peter Cook said. He said Defense Secretary Ash Carter expects ""candid assessments"" from the intelligence teams.

""Unvarnished, transparent intelligence is what this secretary expects on a daily basis,"" he added.

The assessments in question are prepared for several U.S. policymakers, including President Obama.

The Daily Beast report, which cited 11 individuals, claimed that the complaint being investigated by the Defense Department was made in July. However, several analysts reportedly complained as early as this past October that their reports were being altered to suit a political narrative that ISIS was being weakened by U.S.-led airstrikes in Syria.

""The cancer was within the senior level of the intelligence command,"" the report quotes one defense official as saying.

According to the report, some analysts allege that reports deemed overly negative in their assessment of the Syria campaign were either blocked from reaching policymakers or sent back down the chain of command. Others claim that key elements of intelligence reports were removed, fundamentally altering their conclusions. Another claim is that senior leaders at CENTCOM created a work environment where giving a candid opinion on the progress of the anti-ISIS campaign was discouraged, with one analyst describing the tenor as ""Stalinist.""

The report alleges that when the analysts' complaints were initially aired, some of those who complained were urged to retire, and did so. Facing either resistance or indifference, other analysts self-censored their reports, the Daily Beast claims.

The defense official quoted by the Daily Beast said that some who spoke up did so out of guilt that they did not express doubts about former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein's alleged chemical weapons program in the run-up to the Iraq. War.

""They were frustrated because they didn’t do the right thing then,"" the official said.

The House and Senate Intelligence Committees have been advised of the complaint that prompted the inspector general's investigation, which is required if Pentagon officials find the claims credible.

Government rules state that intelligence assessments ""must not be distorted"" by agendas or policy views, but do allow for legitimate differences of opinion.

Central Command spokesman Col. Patrick S. Ryder said in a statement Wednesday that they welcome the IG's ""independent oversight.""

""While we cannot comment on ongoing investigations, we can speak to the process and about the valued contributions of the Intelligence Community (IC),"" he said, adding that intelligence community members typically are able to comment on draft security assessments. ""However,"" he said, ""it is ultimately up to the primary agency or organization whether or not they incorporate any recommended changes or additions. Further, the multi-source nature of our assessment process purposely guards against any single report or opinion unduly influencing leaders and decision-makers.""

Earlier this summer, on the eve of the anniversary of the launching of airstrikes against Iraq, the Associated Press reported that U.S intelligence had concluded that the airstrikes had helped stall ISIS after sweeping gains in the summer of 2014. However, the report also said the terror group remained a well-funded army that could easily replenish its numbers as quickly as fighters were eliminated.

Click for more from The Daily Beast.",1
1349,Think the Iowa polls were bad? Wait until New Hampshire,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
1565,Why Ted Cruz Could Have A Real Shot At The GOP Nomination,"Why Ted Cruz Could Have A Real Shot At The GOP Nomination

Perhaps the clearest sign that Ted Cruz is seriously challenging Donald Trump's dominance in the Republican primary race is that Trump has started attacking him.

Up until recently, the two have been operating in a state of detente, if not outright kinship. Through all the controversial statements Trump has made in this campaign, including his call last week to ban Muslims from entering the U.S., Cruz has steadfastly avoided saying anything critical of Trump, instead criticizing reporters for asking him to pass judgment on Trump's positions.

In an interview with NPR last week, Cruz was asked about the proposed Muslim ban and simply said, ""I disagree with Donald on that.""

But behind closed doors, Cruz was recorded saying last week that voters are asking themselves, ""Who am I comfortable having their finger on the button?"" In audio obtained by the New York Times, he added that, ""It's also a question of judgment"" — ""a challenging question"" for Trump, Cruz said. (He also lumped in retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, who has sunk in polls after making serious missteps in statements about foreign policy.)

After that audio was released, Trump called out Cruz on Twitter.

A short time later, Cruz denied in a tweet that he had any issue with Trump.

But the dam appears to have broken. Since then, Trump has called Cruz a ""maniac,"" and at an event in South Carolina over the weekend he tried to undermine Cruz's base of support among evangelical Christian conservatives based on the fact that Cruz is the son of a Cuban immigrant.

""I do like Ted Cruz, but not a lot of evangelicals come out of Cuba, in all fairness,"" Trump said. (In reality, a poll conducted this year showed that 5 percent of Cuban residents are evangelical.)

That was a targeted attack, since Trump has plenty of reason to worry about Cruz's position in Iowa, with its large base of evangelical voters. A Des Moines Register-Bloomberg poll released Sunday, conducted by venerable Iowa pollster J. Ann Selzer, showed Cruz opening up a 10-point lead over Trump in that state, with 45 percent of evangelicals backing Cruz.

Cruz also received the most coveted endorsement from an evangelical leader in the state last week.

There was good news for Cruz nationally over the weekend, as the latest NBC News-Wall Street Journal poll showed him jumping into second place behind Trump, 27 percent to 22 percent.

But does Cruz have a path to the nomination? The short answer is: Yes.

For casual observers of politics, Cruz might fit the mold of past candidates like Rick Santorum and Mike Huckabee — hard-core conservatives, popular with the religious base of the GOP, who won Iowa but just couldn't pull together enough support to overcome establishment candidates like John McCain and Mitt Romney.

But Cruz has some key fundamentals on his side. For one thing, he dominates the evangelical wing of the GOP, and has strong support among Tea Party backers. He's been able to raise money and build a campaign organization more effectively than Huckabee or Santorum.

The latest fundraising reports released in October showed Cruz with more cash in the bank than any other GOP candidate, with $13.8 million. Neither Santorum in the 2012 cycle nor Huckabee in the 2008 cycle reported more than $2 million cash on hand at any point in the campaign.

In states like Iowa and South Carolina, Cruz has held a massive event with thousands of supporters in attendance called the ""Rally for Religious Liberty."" It's a potent theme this year since the U.S. Supreme Court legalized same-sex marriage. It's also something Cruz has played up in his day job, leading the charge on Capitol Hill to pull federal funding for Planned Parenthood.

Part of the explanation of why Cruz is so well-poised is also the anti-establishment moment we are in. Cruz is very unpopular among his colleagues in Washington. In a typical election, that could make it hard to raise money and solidify a campaign. But in a GOP primary race where Washington is as good an enemy as Hillary Clinton herself, Cruz is making the most of it.

One of the consistent jokes in his stump speech goes like this: ""I spent most of last week in Washington, D.C., so it is great to be back in America.""

Another thing Cruz has going for him is the primary calendar, where you can see his path shaping up.

First up is Iowa on Feb. 1, where he's now leading the pack. If he wins there, he goes into New Hampshire with low stakes. No one expects Cruz to do well in New Hampshire on Feb. 9 — so he can't lose the expectations game there.

Then there's South Carolina on Feb. 20, where the vote is split among evangelical, military and establishment Republicans. Trump is leading there now, but if Cruz comes out of Iowa with a win (and the wind at his back), he could have a real shot in South Carolina, where he held one of those large rallies last month and is locking up the endorsements of pastors. Both will help in turning out evangelical voters in the state.

If Cruz were to win — or even come in a strong second — in Iowa and South Carolina, he would go into Super Tuesday on March 1 with the big mo'(mentum).

It's dominated by Southern states this year, which in the past have been marginalized in the primary calendar even though they have become the deep red heart of the Republican Party. This year, many Southern states banded together to set their primaries on this single day and create a regional superprimary, forcing candidates to spend more time campaigning in the South.

Regardless of how the politics of 2016 were shaping up, that arrangement was likely to give a strong conservative like Ted Cruz an important early boost — and a whole bunch of delegates. That day includes the GOP primary in Texas, Cruz's home state. Texas' 155 delegates are more than 10 percent of the total that a candidate needs to win the Republican nomination, though they will be awarded proportionally as opposed to winner-take-all.

This is all to say Ted Cruz has a path to the nomination that runs through Iowa and South Carolina and could carry through the Southern primaries on Super Tuesday.

Of course, others could easily spoil that. The candidate many in the Republican establishment and Beltway pundits are awaiting to challenge Trump is Florida Sen. Marco Rubio. His campaign is trying to make a big play this week as he barnstorms early voting states, including Nevada, where the GOP candidates will meet for their next debate Tuesday.

Nevada, where Rubio lived for a time as a child and maintains ties with the large Mormon community, is the only early voting state where he looks poised to succeed at this point. Of course, there's his home state of Florida as well — another big prize, with 99 delegates that will be awarded on a winner-take-all basis on March 15. But that's getting awfully late in the primary calendar to spark momentum behind a campaign. For now, Rubio is solidly in the second tier and is looking to make a surge like it appears Cruz is doing now.

But despite what Rubio might do, or what Cruz is doing, you can't pretend Donald Trump isn't still dominating the race. Even if he doesn't retake the lead in Iowa, he's ahead in New Hampshire and South Carolina. He's also been campaigning consistently in the South.

If there was any doubt that Trump had a serious path to the nomination, it was dispelled this week by a report in the Washington Post that several top establishment Republicans, including RNC Chairman Reince Priebus, huddled in Washington to figure out what to do to stop Trump should he get to the Republican National Convention in Cleveland next summer with a sizable chunk of delegates.

At this point, it's impossible to say what would prevent that from happening. Except maybe, just maybe, it could be Ted Cruz.",1
881,Voters have given up on trust: Kirsten Powers,"As faith in American institutions falls, voters poised to hand 2016 races to two pillars of dishonesty.

If the primaries Tuesday night go as expected, handing commanding victories to Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, we might as well make it official: America's voters have given up on trust.

In February, when Gallup asked voters the first word that came to mind when they thought of Clinton, the top answers were: “dishonest/liar/don’t trust her/poor character.” As many people said Hillary is “criminal/crooked/thief/belongs in jail” as believed she is “capable of being president/qualified.” Still, she is on her way to locking up the Democratic presidential nomination.

This was not an outlier poll. When Quinnipiac asked the same open-ended question last year, the most often cited word in connection with Hillary was “liar,” followed by “dishonest” and “untrustworthy.”  Quinnipiac also found that Trump and Clinton had the worst scores among top candidates on honesty: 61% said Clinton was not honest and trustworthy; 54% said the same about Trump. Only 23% of voters in the Quinnipiac poll said Bernie Sanders was not honest and trustworthy.

In the New York primary — which Clinton won handily — honesty was ranked as the second most important issue among voters; 80% of voters who put honesty first gave their votes to Sanders, and only 20% said the same for Clinton. Voters interested in experience and electability went ever more strongly for Clinton.

Interestingly, in the Quinnipiac poll the first word that came to mind when voters heard “Jeb Bush” was “family” followed by “honest.” We know what happened to him. Similarly, in a March ABC News/Washington Post poll, only 45% of Republican leaners deemed Trump “trustworthy,” but 63% labeled the now-vanquished Marco Rubio as having that quality.

Voters are so cynical about politicians — like most everyone else in power — that a reputation for being trustworthy doesn't translate into victory.

This is a sad state of affairs but not a surprise. Major institutions have been losing the trust of the American people for years. According to Gallup, “2004 was the last year most institutions were at or above their historical average levels of confidence.” Banks, the Supreme Court, religious institutions and the government have seen a consistent decline of trust.

In November 2008, as President-elect Obama was set to take office, Democratic policy gurus Bill Galston and Elaine Kamarck wrote a paper, “Change You Can Believe in Needs a Government You Can Trust.” The authors rang alarm bells about the decline of trust in government and the importance of restoring it. They wrote, “Trust shapes the limits of political possibilities. When trust is high, policymakers may reasonably hope to enact and implement federal solutions to our most pressing problems. When trust is low … policymakers face more constraints.”

The hope was Obama could restore trust in government. He didn’t. Instead, we have reached the point where voters no longer seem able to conjure up the image of an honest and qualified politician. They'll just choose the one they think is most qualified and live with the treachery.

If the death of trust in politics is real, don't expect its demise to be any less important this fall in choosing between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. Their matching reputations for a flexible approach to the truth will likely cancel each other out. What is more disturbing is that even if one of them were to emerge as clearly more trustworthy, there's not much reason to believe it would alter the dynamics of the race.

And why would it? The only calculation voters seem to be making is what kind of lies they want to be told.

In addition to its own editorials, USA TODAY publishes diverse opinions from outside writers, including our Board of Contributors. To read more columns like this, go to the Opinion front page.",1
2406,Conservatives fear leaders soft on Obamacare,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
2858,Stranded in Yemen: Americans left to find own way out,"(CNN) ""My son served in the army for four years. In Iraq. He served because we love our country. As we should. Now look at us?""

Muna Mansour is gesturing around her at the slatted cargo hold she and her family -- all nine of them -- are trying to get comfortable in. They're squeezed in with two other families. On the ground by my feet, Muna's middle grandchild is sleeping, curled up beside an oil drum.

""There's nowhere to sleep, there's no food -- you can see how people are just thrown around all over the place,"" she said.

Muna is from Buffalo in upstate New York. Her family is among the dozens of Americans caught in the crossfire of warring parties in Yemen. And although many other countries evacuated their citizens, India most notably ferrying out around 5,000, the United States has said it is too dangerous for them to directly evacuate American nationals.

For more than three weeks, neighboring Saudi Arabia has been conducting airstrikes in Yemen. They want to drive out the Shiite Houthi rebels, whose opposition to the government grew from protests to a takeover of government buildings and some territory. At one time, the Houthis held Yemen's President under house arrest, before he escaped and fled.

The bombings have decimated some cities, including Aden, and foreigners find themselves trapped.

""I was there when the Indians picked up 200 of their people from the port. It was embarrassing. We were just sitting there waiting for someone to come and say 'OK where are the Americans, let's pick them up,' "" she said.

""I called the Riyadh embassy,"" she adds, referring to the U.S. Embassy in neighboring Saudi Arabia. ""I told them there were about 75 families here waiting at the port. My family has been waiting there for two weeks. We ran out of money, we ran out of food.""

The State Department said it is too risky to conduct an evacuation of citizens from the area.

""We have to make a decision based on the security situation and what is feasible to do,"" State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said earlier this month. ""And given the situation in Yemen is quite dangerous and unpredictable, doing something like sending in military assets even for an evacuation could put U.S. citizen lives at greater risk.""

A group of U.S. organizations, including the Council on American-Islamic Relations and the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination League, have filed a lawsuit against the State Department and Defense Department over the government's stance on evacuations.

It was purely coincidence that led to Muna being on board this ship, a wooden vessel chartered by CNN to reach the port city of Aden, in Yemen.

Muna was visiting her sick father in Aden when fighting broke out around her. With the Houthi forces to the north and the waters of the Gulf of Aden to the south, the city is essentially besieged. It took us over 30 hours of travel -- and a lull in the fighting -- for us to be able to dock at one of Aden's smaller ports.

She has a ""nice, normal life"" in New York and said she couldn't wait to get back.

Our ship was the first the port had seen in over a week. We agreed to take back 60 refugees -- including 15 Americans -- who had gathered at the port's gate when news of our arrival spread. But of course that's nowhere near enough. So many more are desperate to leave.

I asked Muna what life in Aden was like. ""My daughter-in-law would crouch down and hide in the kitchen,"" she recalls. ""It was just bombs all the time. Gunshots. People running down the street.""

She trails off into silence.

For everyone here with us on the boat, there are families left behind. Mothers and fathers. Daughters and sons.

The first night on board our boat had an almost festive air. Our new passengers were laughing and sharing cigarettes, euphoric at their escape. One woman though was sitting alone on deck and I realized she was crying. She told me her 15-year-old son was trapped on the other side of one of the many front lines that are now etched into the city's streets.

They'd waited for 10 days, but neither her son nor her parents could cross over to the port, in Al Tawahi district. Too scared to risk missing the boat and endangering the lives of their other three children, her husband had convinced her to board. When they called to tell her son he also had news for them: He'd joined the fight against the Houthi forces.

For Muna, her ordeal ended at Djibouti Port where Christina Higgins, the U.S. Deputy Chief of Mission, was among the embassy staff waiting to meet them. I asked Higgins about the sense of abandonment Muna and many of the other Americans trapped in Yemen said they felt.

""We have one of the branches of al Qaeda that's especially active. There's the Houthis -- neither of these two groups friendly to U.S. citizens. We've had to weigh very, very carefully what is the safest way, the best way for us to help them.""

Higgins said ultimately each U.S. citizen is going to have to judge what is best for themselves and their families.

""For many U.S. citizens, that's going to mean sheltering in place. For other U.S. citizens, we're actively working at getting information to them on different avenues for travel out of Yemen.""

Watching them hand out cookies, water and phones to reassure those waiting at home, it's clear the staff here are overjoyed to have some of their citizens safe and sound. There are many more though of course who are still in danger.

There are no definitive records, but the 15 Americans on board our ship said they had counted 75 more families waiting in Aden port who couldn't afford an ""exit/transport"" fee being charged to depart Aden.

In this time of crisis, the $300-a-person fee wasn't an official tax, but something that local fishermen were charging to ferry passengers to the boat to board.

That's 75 more families waiting for another happy coincidence to dock at Aden's deserted ports.",1
2853,Obama: U.S. would use force to defend Gulf allies,"Thurmont, Maryland (CNN) President Barack Obama, facing Persian Gulf countries deeply skeptical about his proposed nuclear deal with Iran, said Thursday that the U.S. would use military force if necessary to defend its Arab allies.

Obama had spent the day huddled with leaders from the region at his Camp David retreat, and emerged from their summit declaring that he was as committed as ever to protecting them from aggression, a reference to Iran.

A joint statement delivered at the end of the gathering declared that the U.S. will continue to ""deter and confront external aggression against our allies and partners, as we did in the Gulf War,"" and that the U.S. Is ready would work with them to determine an appropriate response in the face of such aggression, ""including the potential use of military force.""

Anxieties about Iran's nuclear ambitions were far from abated by the end of the summit, and Obama acknowledged differences persist between himself and the oil-rich monarchies of the Gulf Cooperation Council bloc — Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain, Oman, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates — with whom he met. But the leaders expressed optimism that enhanced defense ties would bring relations between the region and the United States to new levels.

Obama said he didn't want to ""deny the concerns"" of Arab nations over the potential reduction in sanctions on Iran under the deal -- which they fear will embolden Tehran -- and that he wasn't asking the nations to approve the preliminary pact reached in April.

""Given that I'm not going to sign off on any deal until I've seen the details of it, I wouldn't expect them to either,"" Obama said.

But he insisted that his defense of the deal -- which included explanations of some of its technical details -- had made a difference.

""That was important to them. And I think gave them additional confidence,"" he said.

Arab leaders emerging from the summit expressed optimism that the gathering had yielded an historic boost in their ties to the U.S.

Calling the summit ""unprecedented,"" Saudi foreign minister Adel al Jubeir said the day had brought U.S.-Gulf ties to an ""entirely different level over next decades.""

Obama, speaking to reporters at the conclusion of the summit, said his country's relationship to the Gulf states was entering a new era based on strong defense ties.

""I was very explicit,"" Obama said. ""The United States will stand by our GCC partners against external attack and will deepen and extend the cooperation that we have when it comes to the many challenges that exist in the region.""

He listed specific areas the United States would commit to defending Gulf allies, including aiding in the development of a collective missile defense system.

But even the stepped-up commitments to the region stopped short of the formal mutual defense pact that some of the nations -- wary of an empowered Iran -- desire.

The summit comes as the Gulf Cooperation Council bloc -- comprised of Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain, Oman, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates -- are particularly concerned about an emerging U.S. deal with Iran over its nuclear program, which they worry will empower arch-foe Tehran.

The statements from Obama at the conclusion of the summit outlined U.S. commitments to the GCC, including expediting arms transfers to the region, staging a new large-scale military exercise against terror and cyber attacks, and forming a new partnership to improve counterterrorism and missile defense cooperation.

U.S. officials hoped the wooded setting in the Catoctin Mountains would foster a relaxed dynamic in the discussions, which have also included Secretary of State John Kerry, Defense Secretary Ashton Carter and Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz, who is steeped in the details of the Iran nuclear deal.

Before the summit began, Arab diplomatic officials said the Gulf states themselves had decided to cool the temperature and accentuate the positive in meetings with the U.S. officials.

The gulf countries have been seeking a more significant upgrade of their security alliance than the U.S. is willing to confer, despite the planned U.S. boost to arms, training and other security measures.

The GCC foreign ministers met Tuesday night and agreed that, though they weren't getting everything they wanted from the U.S., they are going to build on what they are getting. They want this to be the first of a regular summit, with the next one in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, next year.

Obama, speaking Thursday, said he had committed to attending a future GCC summit, though didn't specify where.

Still, the lack of participation by GCC leaders has been widely perceived as a sign that many of its members are displeased with what the U.S. is offering and want to convey displeasure at various administration policies, including talks with Iran over its nuclear program.

Only the leaders of Qatar and Kuwait attended, with the king of Saudi Arabia canceling at the last minute and Bahrain's king attending the Royal Windsor Horse Show outside London. While there, he is expected to meet with Queen Elizabeth II.

Both U.S. administration officials and Saudi government aides said there was no snub intended by Saudi King Salman's withdrawal of his RSVP over the weekend.",1
1505,Hillary Clinton says early lead was 'artificial',"Clinton, in an appearance on ""The Tonight Show,"" agreed that she and Sanders are ""in a tight race,"" a fact that she finds ""pretty exciting.""

After noting she and Sanders are close, host Jimmy Fallon reminded Clinton that she once ""had a 20-point lead at one point.""

""That is really artificial, all of those early soundings and polls,"" Clinton said. ""Once you get into it, this is a Democratic election for our nominee and it gets really close, exciting. And it really depends upon on who can make the best case that you can be the nominee to beat whoever the Republicans put up and try to get your folks who support you to come out.""

She added, ""I find it pretty exciting. This is not a job they give away. You really do have to work hard for. It is the hardest job in the world, so, I get up everyday and go right at it.""

In mid-2015, as both Sanders and Clinton launched their respective campaigns, polls showed the former secretary of state with leads as high as 60 points nationally In the last week, however, Sanders has begun to close Clinton's lead in national and early state polls. A New York Times/CBS Poll found Clinton's national lead at 7 percentage points. Clinton's interview with Fallon was her second appearance on ""The Tonight Show"" as a presidential candidate and came on the same night as the Fox Business Network hosted a Republican debate. The former secretary of state told Fallon that she usually doesn't watch the debates live because she loves ""to be able to fast forward"" through them. Fallon said the Republican candidates ""might say something bad about"" Clinton during the debate, suggesting she should ""have a drinking game where every time they say your name you do a shot."" ""I don't think I would make it past the first half hour,"" Clinton remarked. Fallon also goaded Clinton into a comment on Donald Trump by telling the former senator that the Republican front-runner has been talking about her on the campaign trail. Clinton's response: ""He is a lot more obsessed with me than I am with him."" Clinton and Fallon closed the appearance by carrying out a mock interview, with Fallon acting like he was interviewing Clinton for the president of the United States. ""How did you hear about the position,"" Fallon asked. ""Are you willing to relocate,"" Fallon followed up. ""For the right job, I am,"" Clinton responded. And Fallon's final question: ""Lastly, is there an email address (where) we can reach you?"" Clinton's response: ""You can follow me on Snapchat.""",1
2488,Should 'Birthright Citizenship' Be Abolished? - Room for Debate - NYTimes.com,"“Birthright citizenship,” the constitutional rule that a child born in and under the jurisdiction of the United States is a U.S. citizen, is in the news a lot these days. Several G.O.P. candidates, including Chris Christie, Ted Cruz, Lindsey Graham, Bobby Jindal, Rand Paul, Rick Santorum and Scott Walker, have joined Donald Trump in calling for an end to this rule — or at the very least questioning it — as part of their immigration platforms.

Should birthright citizenship be abolished and, if so, what impact would it have in the United States? What alternative citizenship model should the U.S. adopt instead?",1
1628,Democratic debate: 6 takeaways,"(CNN) Hillary Clinton , Bernie Sanders and Martin O'Malley met for the second Democratic presidential primary debate on Saturday night, an event that finally saw a fight between the front-runner and her chief opponent, but also coming a day after a deadly terror attack that shocked the world.

From left, Democratic presidential candidates Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton and Martin O'Malley prepare to debate at Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa, on Saturday, November 14. It was the party's second presidential debate.

From left, Democratic presidential candidates Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton and Martin O'Malley prepare to debate at Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa, on Saturday, November 14. It was the party's second presidential debate.

Here are the six key takeaways from the debate:

Clinton distanced herself from President Barack Obama's now-controversial comment in an interview Thursday that the U.S. had ""contained ISIS."" During Saturday's debate, Clinton asserted that ISIS ""cannot be contained"" and must simply be ""defeated.""

As she has in the past, Clinton also suggested that she had argued ""early on that we needed to find a way to train and equip moderates."" Clinton reportedly argued for a more forceful administration plan to help the Syrian opposition early on in the civil war that has since exploded.

The Vermont senator in the first debate appeared unprepared or unwilling to go after Clinton with any real vigor.

But Saturday night, Sanders suggested Clinton is in the pocket of Wall Street and tied her vote to authorize the war in Iraq to the rise of ISIS. Clinton, meanwhile, knocked Sanders on his mixed record on guns and suggested his policy proposals are too simplistic.

In the most forceful exchange of the night, Sanders pointed to the millions of dollars in donations Wall Street has funneled to Clinton's campaigns over her political career.

""Why over her political career has Wall Street been a major, the major campaign contributor to Hillary Clinton? Maybe they're dumb and they don't know what they're going to get, but I don't think so,"" Sanders said. ""I have never heard a candidate, never, who has received huge amounts of money from oil, from coal, from Wall Street from the military industrial complex, not one candidate -- 'Oh these, these campaign contributions will not influence me.' But why do they make millions of dollars of campaign contributions? They expect to get something, everybody knows that.""

As she did in the first debate, Clinton hit Sanders on guns, calling the Vermont senator's vote to shield gun makers from some lawsuits a ""terrible mistake"" and urging Sanders to admit as much, as she has done regarding her Iraq vote.

Sanders responded by suggesting there's little daylight between himself and Clinton and O'Malley on guns.

3. ...but he still holds back

Sanders didn't take the gloves off completely during Saturday night's debate in Iowa.

Instead, he took a pass on one of the biggest points of contention of the 2016 cycle: Clinton's record as secretary of state.

Given a chance to slam Clinton's tenure, Sanders demurred, instead pivoting to his ""disagreement"" with Clinton over her vote in favor of the Iraq War in 2002, more than six years before she became secretary of state.

Republicans are already picking apart Clinton's track record as secretary of state, but Sanders' simply wouldn't take the bait.

4. The moments that could come back to haunt Clinton

However, Clinton's response to Sanders -- when she beat back the suggestion that she is influenced by Wall Street donors -- could really come back to bite her.

Clinton explained her connection to Wall Street by tying her relationship to her role in helping to rebuild New York's financial district after the 9/11 attacks.

Twitter was ablaze Saturday night over the response, and the Republican National Committee was quick to blast out a best-of compilation of political observers' reactions.

Clinton at one point said she is ""from the '60s"" -- a moment in the debate that could be replayed in political ads down the line suggesting she is part of the past, not the future, of American leadership.

The debate Saturday night began with the candidates pausing on stage, taking a moment of silence to remember the victims of the terrorist attacks that ripped Paris apart just a day earlier.

Clinton said while ""our prayers are with the people of France tonight...that is not enough"" and called for better coordinated efforts to root out ISIS, the radical group that claimed responsibility.

She said Americans should see the terrorist attack as a reminder that the election ""is not only about electing a president, it's also about choosing our next commander in chief.""

Sanders made brief note of the terrorist attacks at the top of his opening statement, but quickly pivoted to the core message of the campaign: ""a rigged economy"" that benefits billionaires.

Still, Sanders made a bold claim in his reference to Paris: ""Together, leading the world, this country will rid our planet of this barbarist (sic) organization called ISIS.""

And O'Malley, after saying his heart goes out ""to the people of France in this moment of loss,"" quickly called for ""fresh thinking"" and ""new approaches"" -- a definitive nod to his youth and the generational contrast the 52-year-old offers to Clinton's 68 years and Sanders' 74.

All three candidates refused to say the fight was with radical Islam, instead focusing on using the word ""jihadist"" to describe the threats spotlighted in the Paris attacks.

6. O'Malley gets a zinger, then shrinks away

But O'Malley also missed a couple of key moments where he could have shined.

His central contention is that it's time for a new generation of leadership -- meaning no more baby boomers like Clinton. But he lacked a strong, convincing response to one of the debate's final questions: When have you been most tested in your life, and how did it prepare you for the presidency?

O'Malley's response conceded that he is untested -- that nothing he's been through as mayor of Baltimore or governor of Maryland comes close to the crises he would face as President.

Trump later responded to O'Malley's insult on Twitter by calling him a ""clown.""",1
2103,"Climate change happening 'right now,' Obama says ahead of Alaska trip","WASHINGTON — President Obama sought to spotlight the effects of global warming Saturday as he prepared to travel to Alaska this coming week.

“Alaskans are already living with its effects,” he said in his weekly address.

The state — currently experiencing one of its worst wildfire seasons on record — is expected to see its average temperatures rise by 6 to 12 degrees if nothing is done to halt climate change, Obama said. Four villages there are already in imminent danger from rising sea waters as sea ice and glaciers melt.

“This is all real. This is happening to our fellow Americans right now,” he said. “Think about that. If another country threatened to wipe out an American town, we’d do everything in our power to protect ourselves. Climate change poses the same threat, right now.”

The president is striking a tricky balance between environmental conservation and energy production — he has long supported expanded oil drilling off the Alaskan coast, the very fuel that has contributed to global warming.

Obama is facing sharp criticism from environmentalists for his Alaska trip, which begins Monday. One activist organization, CREDO, said the president’s visit is a symbol of “the self-defeating hypocrisy of his policies on energy and climate.”

“Climate leaders don’t drill the Arctic,” the group said in an online petition. “Talking about the urgency of climate change while allowing massive fossil fuel extraction isn’t leadership, it’s hypocrisy.”

Obama said in his weekly address that he shares concerns about offshore oil drilling, noting he remembers the BP oil spill in the Gulf “all too well.” But he said the United States still has to rely on oil and gas while it is transitioning toward renewable energy sources, such as wind and solar.

“As long as that’s the case, I believe we should rely more on domestic production than on foreign imports, and we should demand the highest safety standards in the industry — our own,” Obama said.

He noted that while his administration issued a permit to Shell to drill off the Alaskan coast, it also mandated strict safety standards that the company has yet to meet.

“It’s a testament to how rigorous we’ve applied those standards that Shell has delayed and limited its exploration off Alaska while trying to meet them,” Obama said. “The bottom line is, safety has been and will continue to be my administration’s top priority when it comes to oil and gas exploration off America’s precious coasts.”

During his three-day trip, Obama is scheduled to participate in a climate change conference in Anchorage, tour a glacier and travel to coastal fishing towns.

“I’m looking forward to talking with Alaskans about how we can work together to make America the global leader on climate change around the globe,” he said. “Because what’s happening in Alaska is happening to us. It’s our wakeup call, and as long as I’m president, America will lead the world to meet the threat of climate change before it’s too late.”",1
5148,How 2016 became the fact-check election,"Spin and overstatement have long been a part of political rhetoric. But this year is pushing fact-checkers into overdrive. And that's not all bad.

Professional fact-checkers might be excused for being a tad exhausted this campaign season.

Tracking the public statements of 22 major-party candidates during the primaries was one thing. But a general election pitting Donald Trump against Hillary Clinton – two candidates with abysmal scores for honesty among voters – is another, sending the fact-checking world into overdrive.

Is Mr. Trump really worth $10 billion, as he claims? (Not according to Forbes magazine.) Is it true that Mrs. Clinton “slept” during the Benghazi terror attack in 2012, as Trump says? (No, according to Clinton testimony.) Was Clinton allowed to use a personal email server when she was secretary of State, as she has asserted? (No, according to a recent report by the State Department’s Office of the inspector general.)

Trump alone is enough to keep the entire fact-checking industry afloat. When the flamboyant billionaire gave a big speech recently denouncing Clinton, the Associated Press assigned 12 reporters just to check the veracity of his assertions – “a whole platoon of journalistic talent that could have been doing other things,” moaned Washington Post media critic Erik Wemple.

It’s easy to get discouraged by all the charges of lying hurled around – Lyin’ Ted, LyingCrookedHillary (both a verbal Trump charge and the name of a Trump campaign site), handouts from the Clinton campaign that lay out Trump’s “lies, hypocrisy, and catastrophic ideas.” And certainly, to some voters, the whole tone of the campaign is so depressing, the answer is just to tune out and stay home on Election Day.

But to veteran fact-checkers, it’s the time to shine. Angie Drobnic Holan, editor in chief of the Pulitzer Prize-winning site PolitiFact.com, says she’s “really optimistic,” citing the growth of media fact-checking.

“You can have a cynical take on that, but mine is more optimistic,” because fact-checking is especially needed this year, she says. “Donald Trump is a candidate who has persistent problems with accuracy, and I’m heartened that there’s widespread recognition that this is someone who needs to be fact-checked.”

Trump supporters, not surprisingly, disagree. Jeffrey Lord, a regular on CNN defending Trump, calls media fact-checkers “elitist” and says the candidates themselves do a better job of countering each other’s assumptions.

This “self-policing” concept sounds a bit like having a basketball game with no referees. And besides, it’s just not going to happen. Media fact-checking is here to stay. So are politicians who say things that aren’t true and accuse each other of lying. But there’s a spectrum of political speech: There are out-and-out lies – deliberately false statements meant to deceive – then there are statements that are unintentionally false, exaggerations, and spin. Sorting through the differences can be impossible, as it requires knowing what’s inside the speaker’s head.

And what about a candidate who makes big promises, knowing they can’t be fulfilled? That’s another form of political speech that is less-than-truthful, but which voters have come to expect – and often excuse.

In a recent focus group, veteran pollster Peter Hart asked 12 Republicans if they thought a President Trump would ever actually build a wall across the Mexican border. Eight people voted no. Same with his promise to deport the 11 million illegal immigrants in the US. And yet most of the 12 were fine that these promises would likely go unfulfilled.

“They don’t hear a pledge, they hear, ‘I’m going to do something,’ “ says Kathleen Hall Jamieson, director of the University of Pennsylvania’s Annenberg Public Policy Center, which sponsored the focus group.

But making pie-in-the-sky promises is one thing. Statements of fact that prove false are another, and that’s where fact-checkers are having a field day. PolitiFact has judged 174 statements by Trump so far, and found only 16 to be either true or mostly true. Seventy have been judged false, and another 34 rated “Pants on Fire,” referring to claims that are “not only inaccurate but also ridiculous,” according to Ms. Holan.

With Clinton, PolitiFact has judged 218 statements and rated 112 true or mostly true, 24 false, and three “Pants on Fire.”

The next question is whether the assessments of PolitiFact and other fact-checkers actually penetrate public consciousness?

“Our traffic is better than it’s ever been,” says Holan, whose site is affiliated with the Tampa Bay Times. “Media organizations are doing fact-checking in part because it’s very popular with readers.”

Professor Jamieson, whose Annenberg center launched the first political fact-checking website, FactCheck.org, in 2003, is less sanguine.

“Fact-checking has never been more important, more complicated, and less likely to reach its target audience with the desired corrected information,” Jamieson says.

Part of the problem is the ever-accelerating news cycle. “In order to get a correction through, you have to get people to stand still long enough to hear it,” she says.

Another issue, particularly for fact-checking operations attached to news sites, is low public opinion of the media. Only 6 percent of Americans have a “great deal of confidence” in the press, according to a survey released in April by the Media Insight Project.

Holan of PolitiFact says that when readers accuse her site of partisan bias against Trump, she counters with data that show Republicans who do well on the PolitiFact “Truth-o-Meter,” such as Jeb Bush.

Of course, former Governor Bush didn’t do very well as a presidential candidate; voters don’t necessarily favor a candidate because he or she is more factual. Moreover, for a slice of the electorate, this cycle reflects a break from politics as usual – and that includes an embrace of candidates who speak to voters without the filter of polls, focus groups, and scripted statements.",1
236,The GOP’s unfortunate Benghazi hearing,"THE HOUSE Select Committee on Benghazi further discredited itself on Thursday as its Republican members attempted to fuel largely insubstantial suspicions about Hillary Clinton’s role in the 2012 Benghazi attacks. Grilling Ms. Clinton all day, they elicited little new information and offered little hope that their inquiry would find anything significant that seven previous investigations didn’t.

In fact, the highlight of the hearing came before lawmakers asked any question at all, in Ms. Clinton’s opening statement, as she offered a stout defense of the need for assertive U.S. diplomacy and engagement — even, or especially, when the circumstances are not ideal.

“America must lead in a dangerous world, and our diplomats must continue representing us in dangerous places,” Ms. Clinton said. “We have learned the hard way when America is absent, especially from unstable places, there are consequences. Extremism takes root, aggressors seek to fill the vacuum, and security everywhere is threatened, including here at home.” It would be disastrous if future administrations held back in fear of politicized backlash if and when tragedies occurred.

When questioning began, Ms. Clinton repeatedly pointed out that Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens, one of four Americans who died in the attacks, did not ask to pull out of Benghazi; in fact, he chose to travel there with knowledge that doing so carried significant risk. Republicans argued that those facts did not excuse the lack of significant diplomatic security in Libya, grilling Ms. Clinton on why more of Mr. Stevens’s requests for additional security were not honored.

On that, Ms. Clinton argued that she was not personally responsible for diplomatic security — the State Department’s security experts were — and she insisted that budget constraints limited how much security they could deploy around the world. She also pointed out that intelligence experts lacked knowledge about the dangers in eastern Libya around Sept. 11 and 12, 2012, and they knew of no credible threat to U.S. diplomats on those days in particular. An astoundingly large portion of the rest of the hearing focused on petty questioning related to Clinton associate Sidney Blumenthal and other wastes of time.

Ms. Clinton is not blameless. As she admitted, she had final responsibility for the actions of those who served under her. A State Department review found bureaucratic failures that contributed to the relatively light security in Benghazi. While it’s unreasonable to expect Ms. Clinton to have known about Mr. Stevens’s precise circumstances, she bears some blame for the bureaucratic context in which security decisions were made.

Yet the major, top-line policy fumble in Libya stemmed not from callousness or incompetence on Ms. Clinton’s part but from the Obama administration’s broader failure to live up to the vision of assertive U.S. engagement she articulated on Thursday. Had the United States devoted more effort and resources to helping the fledgling Libyan government, the country might well have been more stable in 2012 and since.

As she has on the campaign trail, Ms. Clinton hinted Thursday that she would use America’s international toolbox with ambition — “I believe, lead with diplomacy, support with development and, as a last resort, defense” — and probably more confidently than President Obama has. If the hearing was useful at all, it was in filling out her larger vision for U.S. foreign policy.",1
1839,Biden faces hurdles as he weighs late 2016 bid,"Washington (CNN) As Vice President Joe Biden continues to contemplate a late entry into the race for the Democratic presidential nomination, he faces obstacles toward arriving at yes -- not least of which is his own emotional state three months after his son's death.

After a week of meetings with key Democrats -- including influential Sen. Elizabeth Warren and labor leader Richard Trumka, president of the AFL-CIO -- Biden on Friday didn't appear any closer to making a decision, which advisers still expect is weeks away.

He'll have more chances to consult members of his party next week, when he heads south to rally support behind the administration's nuclear deal with Iran. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee, invited Biden to make the case for the agreement in person in south Florida on Thursday.

The DNC has kept Biden and his political team abreast of debate schedules heading into the fall, and most Democratic operatives say the vice president must decide by the first forum -- a CNN-sponsored event on Oct. 13 -- whether or not he's running.

Biden still faces the daunting proposition of raising enough campaign cash to compete with the tens of millions already collected by Hillary Clinton, and carving out support among key Democratic voting blocs to make a dent in her front-runner status.

But weighing heaviest, friends say, is the grueling toll a third presidential campaign could exact on his family.

He told a conference call of Democrats this week that he was still in the process of determining ""whether or not there is the emotional fuel at this time to run,"" just months after his eldest son Beau Biden lost his battle with brain cancer.

Associates say the vice president's son Hunter supports a bid, and Beau encouraged his father to join the race before he died. But having weathered two previous presidential bids, the Biden family is intimately familiar with the withering pace and barbed attacks that would come with becoming a candidate again.

His wife, Dr. Jill Biden, is said to be apprehensive about joining another run for president as her family continues to grieve.

""I've given this a lot of thought and dealing internally with the family on how we do this,"" Biden told Democrats on the conference call this week, as first reported by CNN.

""The calculus for this has been evaluating his personal feelings, having just come off Beau's passing,"" said James Smith, a South Carolina state legislator who's a supporter of Biden's.

Deciding whether to run for president ""has little to do with a calculation of his own ambitions,"" Smith said.

A Quinnipiac survey this week showed Biden faring well against potential Republican challengers; in potential general election match-ups against Donald Trump and Jeb Bush, he performs better than Clinton. His favorability rating was higher than any candidate actually running for the Democratic nomination. And even though he has yet to declare his intentions, he's still running ahead of former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, former Rhode Island Gov. Lincoln Chaffee or former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb.

But even those numbers may not be enough to convince Biden that jumping into the race is worth it. Politicians merely contemplating a bid -- and not yet subject to the attacks of their rivals or scrutiny from opposition researchers -- often poll better than when they become full-blown candidates.

Case in point: Clinton, whose favorability stood near 60% last fall as she contemplated a run, but had dropped to 44% in the latest CNN/ORC survey taken in mid-August.

Clinton's campaign this week attempted to flex its organizing muscle by unveiling endorsements in key early voting states, including from former Iowa Gov. Tom Vilsack, currently serving alongside Biden in the Obama administration as agriculture secretary.

Vilsack was the first cabinet secretary to declare an allegiance in the Democratic primary, though other key figures within the Clinton orbit were also signaling wariness about a Biden run.

""Running for office is one thing. You have to also have the energy for that process,"" said Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, who served as Obama's first chief of staff and supports Clinton in the primary. ""You also have to have the energy for the job.""

Former Iowa Sen. Tom Harkin, another Clinton supporter, told The New York Times this week that Biden has ""served the country so well"" but that making a run for president ""I just don't think ... would be a wise move.""

Clinton, speaking at the summer meeting of Democrats in Minnesota, said she wanted to give Biden the ""space and time"" to make up his mind.

""I have the greatest affection and admiration for the vice president,"" she said during a press conference in Minneapolis. ""This is a difficult decision for him to make.""

As she spoke, members of the ""Draft Biden"" group were eagerly making the case for a Biden candidacy to Democratic Party members and so-called ""superdelegates.""

Their pitch: that it's ""too early to anoint"" a front-runner in the Democratic race and that influential party members should remain open-minded about selecting a candidate to support.

""While the vice president is working through his process on whether or not he actually wants to run for president ... we continue to make the public case for why we think he's the best candidate for our party to put up for the presidency,"" said Steve Schale, an adviser to the group.

A key mission: developing a campaign infrastructure in early voting states Biden could utilize if he decides to jump in.

'Going to be up to the American people'

For Biden, the decision on entering the race risks dividing loyalists to President Barack Obama, who has repeatedly praised Biden's work as vice president while also proclaiming Clinton an exemplary secretary of state.

Some White House aides have expressed concern a Biden bid -- at this point, still a longshot against Clinton -- could end poorly, damaging the vice president's political legacy.

Obama discussed the potential of Biden joining the race during a regularly scheduled lunch with the vice president Monday, and hasn't dissuaded the vice president from running as he's publicly weighed a run over the past several months.

Asked this week about potentially having to decide between his vice president and his former top diplomat, Obama offered his typical demurral.

""Joe and Hillary are wonderful people and great friends,"" he told CNN Philadelphia affiliate WPVI during an interview at the White House Wednesday. ""Joe's been as good a vice president as I think we've seen in American history. Been at my side on every tough decision I've ever made.""

Clinton, meanwhile, ""was one of our best secretaries of state and helped work on a whole range of important issues,"" Obama said. ""The truth is, though, the great thing about American democracy is it's not up to me. I'm just one voter. It's going to be up to the American people.""

The White House says Obama will indeed vote in the Illinois Democratic primary next year, and hasn't ruled out a presidential endorsement in the race.",1
5049,"Media trumpeting Trump implosion, but is it real?","This is what a full-fledged feeding frenzy looks like.

With Donald Trump facing the roughest stretch of his candidacy, the media have moved from questioning his sanity to depicting a campaign in disarray and top Republicans still wondering whether they can dump the nominee.

That won’t happen, of course, but it’s an indication of the toxic nature of the coverage and the flood of anti-Trump leaks now washing across the media landscape.

There’s a natural piling-on effect when campaigns go off the rails: The polls dip, the critics step up their rhetoric, staffers start pointing fingers, and the press keeps the vicious cycle going.

But I’ve never seen anything like this.

Things reached the point yesterday morning that CNBC’s John Harwood tweeted: “Longtime ally of Paul Manafort, Trump's campaign manager: 'Manafort not challenging Trump anymore. Mailing it in. Staff suicidal.'""

And there was this from CNN: “A source tells @DanaBashCNN that some Trump campaign staff are frustrated w/ candidate lately, ‘feel like they are wasting their time.’""

I am told by knowledgeable campaign sources that Manafort is not going anywhere and believes that Trump will be getting back on message.

I am further told that reports of a planned “intervention” with the candidate, led by Newt Gingrich and Rudy Giuliani, are false.

And the sources also say that, contrary to media reports, party chairman Reince Priebus is not furious with Trump, though he is disappointed with the nominee’s refusal to endorse Paul Ryan.

Trump and the House speaker appear to have an increasingly tenuous relationship. Trump is also refusing to back John McCain, one of several Republicans who ripped him for his handling of the Khizr Khan controversy.

Manafort told Fox’s Jon Scott that the campaign is “in good shape.”

Asked about reports that outside allies were plotting an “intervention” with the candidate, Manafort said: ""This is the first I'm hearing about it,"" adding that some in the media are “saying untrue things.



Much of this grows out the Khan debacle, which the media seized upon after his Democratic convention speech about his son’s death in Iraq but which Trump then fueled by criticizing a Gold Star family.

That, in turn, revived fears among Republicans that Trump is too busy picking fights with everyone who insults him to run a disciplined campaign. I’m told there is frustration within his campaign that he keeps diverting to side issues, often in response to cable news chatter, rather than staying focused on attacking Hillary Clinton.

Even Gingrich, a close adviser and VP finalist, is criticizing his friend (while also lambasting media bias). “He has not made the transition to being the potential president of the United States, which is a much tougher league,” Gingrich told Maria Bartiromo. He added that “some of what Trump has done is just very self-destructive.”

Along comes ABC’s Jonathan Karl, reporting that “senior party officials are so frustrated — and confused — by Donald Trump’s erratic behavior that they are exploring how to replace him on the ballot if he drops out.”

MSNBC ran headlines all day about the Trump ""intervention,"" but there were no signs it would materialize.

All of this has mushroomed into a tsunami of negative media coverage, with very little scrutiny of Clinton, at least right now.

Trump has been at war with the press from the day he got in the race, even as he drew enormous amounts of ink and airtime. But he can't expand his base simply by bashing the media, as satisfying as that may be.

The pundits, especially the ones on the left and right who detest him, are enjoying this latest chance to write him off.

But that has proven dangerous in the past. And campaign narratives, even the most relentlessly negative, have a way of changing at a moment's notice.



Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
1508,5 things to watch in tonight’s GOP debate,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
4537,The dark age of congressional warfare: Inside Obama’s last State of the Union & the fight for the future of government,"Recall those heady days seven years ago when President-elect Obama’s promise to unite the two parties to work for the common good was still an article of faith among the true believers. The fact that he had managed to transcend America’s great original sin to become the first African American president was an amazing political feat but too many people, including some in the administration and at times the president himself, understood that to mean that he had pacified the Republicans. During the transition, the assumption was that there was a unique opportunity to solve all the big problems at once due to this unique historical moment.

On January 15, 2009, EJ Dionne of the Washington Post wrote a column called “Audacity without Ideology” that laid out the administration’s thinking:

There are at least three keys to understanding Obama’s approach to (and avoidance of) ideology. There is, first, his simple joy in testing himself against those who disagree with him. Someone who knows the president-elect well says that he likes talking with philosophical adversaries more than with allies. But Obama’s anti-ideological turn is also a functional one for a progressive, at least for now. Since Ronald Reagan, ideology has been the terrain of the right. Many of the programs that conservatives have pushed have been based more on faith in their worldview than on empirical tests. How else could conservatives claim that cutting taxes would actually increase government revenue, or that trickle-down economic approaches were working when the evidence of middle-class incomes said otherwise?

The second key was the quite obvious fact that the economy would require liberal solutions with which nobody on the right could possibly disagree so there was no need to even talk about ideology. Obama could just subsume all objections under “mountain of data” and that would be that.

The third key was the “telltale notions” that would define his presidency: “sacrifice,” “grand bargain” and “sustainability.” Sacrifice was the benefits people would have to give up in order that the president could reform the government from top to bottom. This would entail figuring out a way to control health care costs, cut the “entitlements” and get limits on carbon emissions. And because this was all just simple common sense and so very pragmatic, the political system could have no objections.  Dionne described it his way:

The economy was in freefall, the election had been decisive and the new president came in with a congressional majority so it was reasonable for the Democrats to believe they had a mandate. But despite the fact that there had been a bogus impeachment, a stolen election and a war based upon lies, the president didn’t seem to have truly recognized what the Republican Party had become. They were not on board with his plan to “pragmatically solve problems” and everyone should have been crystal clear on that when the Senate could only get three Republicans (Collins, Snow and Specter) to vote for a stimulus package to deal with the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression.

By the time the Democrats started putting together a health care plan, the Tea Party had been formed and a plan was in place. Senator Jim DeMint was declaring, “if we’re able to stop Obama on this it will be his Waterloo.” They did everything they could but they couldn’t stop it. Obamacare passed on a party line vote and a year later, Senator Mitch McConnell said, “the single most important thing we want to achieve is for President Obama to be a one-term president.” Republicans didn’t even pretend to be dealing in good faith and decided that their midterm victory meant they had a mandate to control the government from one house of Congress. The result was the debt ceiling crisis, a government shutdown and sequestration. The president proposed his Grand Bargain idea of cutting Social Security but the Tea Party would have none of it as long as the White House insisted on getting some revenue from the wealthy.  It was hopeless. As former Obama administration staff member Dan Pfeiffer said, “He had hopes of being able to change the polarization, not just in the country, but in Washington.” But they learned it was a lot harder than they thought. Pfeiffer said it was President Obama’s biggest regret that he had not been able to deliver on that promise. But nobody could have delivered on that promise. The polarization that exists today has always been with us. What’s new is that the two parties are now divided ideologically when in the past the ideological divide existed within both of them. Our system, with all of its checks and balances, doesn’t work very efficiently under such conditions. Thinking about this recent history inevitably makes you wonder what will happen with the next president. It’s logical to assume that if one of the Republicans wins next November this dynamic would change. One of the most frightening political scenarios imaginable is one in which a President Trump or Cruz wins the presidency and has a congressional majority to help them enact their agenda. But it pays to keep in mind that President Obama had that (for an admittedly short period) along with a major crisis which demanded government action. We know how that turned out. There’s no guarantee that this would happen under a Trump administration, of course. But he is so eccentric (to put it politely) that he would likely find himself at odds with his own party on much of his agenda. It’s very hard to see how such a person could even function. A President Cruz is a much clearer proposition. His party establishment has no love for him but he is smart and resourceful and would likely hit the ground running with a plan to enact his agenda. But like President Obama, he would likely have a very short window in which to do it. It’s fair to assume he’s aware of that. Whether any of the so-called establishment candidates get that is an unknown but both Bush and Kasich have been out of Washington for a long time and Rubio seems to be oblivious to its current dynamics.  But regardless of which one might win, the first two years of a GOP administration with a GOP majority would be a very dangerous time. One assumes the Democrats are all fully aware of what they are dealing with at this point. With the Republicans still in full extremist mode, unless the Democrats win an unprecedented landslide (very unlikely in this polarized political environment) a progressive agenda will probably only be fulfilled around the edges. There are no more illusions of Grand Bargains and changing the polarized political system through pragmatic policies designed to give everyone a little of what they want. Until these Republicans sober up, the best we can hope for is that Democrats can keep the GOP from dismantling every bit of progress that’s been made over the past half century and stop them from starting World War III. There’s nothing more important than that.",1
5043,Voting rights rulings could deal blow to Republicans in 2016 elections,"Shortly after Barack Obama’s victory in the 2008 presidential election, the former chair of the North Carolina Republican party wrote an anxious postmortem saying something had to be done about the students and black voters whose unprecedented turnout had turned the state blue for the first time in 32 years.

The alternative, the former state chair Jack Hawke wrote, was that the country would “continue to slide toward socialism”.

That “something” turned out to be a notorious omnibus law – better known to its detractors as the “monster law” – passed by a Republican-majority state legislature in 2013. The legislation gutted many of the progressive voting rules that had contributed to Obama’s razor-thin margin in the state: same-day registration, a lengthy early voting period and out-of-precinct voting by provisional ballot – all favored disproportionately by African American voters and students. The law also introduced a strict voter ID requirement, with the anticipated effect of suppressing Democratic votes even further.

Had the law stood, it could have been the biggest setback for voting rights in North Carolina since the Jim Crow era, a brazen attempt by conservatives to upend the rules of democratic engagement and block access to groups most likely to oppose them. The Republicans have sought to couch their maneuvering in more benign terms, as a form of justifiable partisan warfare. Hawke noted in his postmortem that the Democrats had been motivated, united and well-financed in 2008, and said it was up to the Republicans to respond in kind.

That argument has come crashing down, following a flurry of remarkable court rulings over the past two weeks accusing North Carolina and three other Republican-run states – Wisconsin, Kansas and Texas – of violating the 1965 Voting Rights Act and intentionally discriminating against African Americans and other classes of voters. State and federal judges have struck down laws that could have given the Republicans a significant edge in close races this November, lifting the spirits of voting rights activists who have been campaigning against such laws for more than a decade.

“Winning an election does not empower anyone in any party to engage in purposeful racial discrimination,” the fourth circuit court of appeals ruled in the North Carolina case on Friday. “When a legislature dominated by one party has dismantled barriers to African American access to the franchise, even if done to gain votes, ‘politics as usual’ does not allow a legislature dominated by the other party to re-erect those barriers.”

The omnibus law has been almost entirely swept away and is now unlikely to be resurrected in any form before November, when Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump will be fighting over every vote in North Carolina, where recent polls show them less than two points apart.

In Kansas, which is not a swing state, a state court pushed back against an attempt by the state’s top Republican elections official, Kris Kobach, to prevent an estimated 17,500 Kansans from voting in state and local races even though they have been recognized as eligible by federal courts. They will now be allowed to participate fully in primary elections this Tuesday.

In Texas, also not a swing state, a federal appeals court has ordered the state government to find a remedy for eligible voters unable to comply with the country’s single most restrictive and blatantly partisan voter ID law – a law recognizing concealed-carry weapons permits as valid ID but not student cards from state universities.

And in Wisconsin, which is a swing state, the federal courts have delivered a double rebuke to Governor Scott Walker and his contention that one of the country’s most efficiently run election systems was in need of a major overhaul. One federal judge ruled last week that eligible voters unable to meet the requirements of the state’s voter ID law could instead produce an affidavit attesting to their identity. On Friday, a different federal judge struck down much of Wisconsin’s version of the North Carolina omnibus law – a 2013 act that restricted early voting, extended the residency requirement for new voters and denied provisional voters the chance to vote out of precinct.

“The legislature’s immediate goal was to achieve a partisan objective,” Judge James Peterson charged in a blistering ruling, “but the means of achieving that objective was to suppress the reliably Democratic vote of Milwaukee’s African Americans.”

Taken together, these rulings represent a stunning rejection of more than a decade of Republican strategy in states where the party has taken control of the legislature, the governor’s mansion or both.

“The tide is turning against the proponents of voter suppression across our country,” longtime voting rights activist Kirsten Clarke, of the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, said in a statement. “It is time for elected officials to see the writing on the wall and abandon efforts to lock Americans out of the ballot box.”

Bob Phillips of Common Cause North Carolina was similarly jubilant. “This is a big win,” he said after the fourth circuit ruling. “It affirms that democracy is for everyone.”

Republican leaders were either too stunned to offer an immediate response, or else accused “activist” judges of making an incorrect interpretation of the law. Despite the GOP’s protestations that it is championing “commonsense” safeguards against fraud, most political analysts agree that turnout has been a preoccupation. As demographic trends move away from the GOP’s overwhelmingly white base, it has become obvious over several election cycles that the fewer voters come to the polls, the better the party tends to do.

Numerous studies, including one by the Government Accountability Office, have shown that voter ID laws can shave two to three percentage points off Democratic turnout – a margin that can easily swing a race for the House, the Senate or the presidency.

Peterson was unable to throw out Wisconsin’s voter ID provision entirely because it was upheld by the higher federal courts in 2014, just as Indiana’s was a few years earlier. Plenty of other obstacles to voter registration and participation remain, for example in Florida where third-party registration drives have all but ceased because of a Republican-backed law passed in 2011.

In other words, not every obstacle to voting will be removed across the country before November, but the latest rulings nevertheless make life more difficult for the Trump campaign, especially if the race remains close and states like Wisconsin and North Carolina prove crucial to his chances.

The judicial decisions are also likely to affect down-ticket races – for example, in the west Texas congressional district where the former Democratic representative Pete Gallego lost his seat by about 2,000 votes in 2014 and now stands a much better chance of winning it back. One academic study suggested he lost 10,000-15,000 votes because of the impact of the voter ID law.

Bound up in the battle for voting rights is a bigger ideological fight, over the legacy of racism in America and the continuing need for legislation to protect certain minorities. Before 2013, when the supreme court gutted a key provision of the Voting Rights Act, North Carolina and Texas would not have been able to pass their repressive voting laws because they would have been blocked by the justice department’s civil rights division.

At the time, the supreme court’s chief justice, John Roberts, argued that policing of racism in elections should be determined by “current conditions” and that, in his view, discrimination did meet the “pervasive, flagrant, widespread and rampant” level that had justified the Voting Rights Act in the 1960s.

That view was sharply contested by Ruth Bader Ginsburg, among others, and by the rank and file of the North Carolina NAACP, which reacted to the omnibus law by staging weekly protests in the streets known as “Moral Mondays”. The Rev William Barber, the head of the North Carolina NAACP, who had a prominent speaking slot at last week’s Democratic national convention, has described the battle against the new voting laws as “our Selma”.

Now it seems likely that both the voter ID question and the related question of voter discrimination will come back to the supreme court, at which point Roberts will have to decide whether “current conditions” are as upbeat as he assumed in 2013.

In the meantime, voting rights activists in North Carolina and other states will be keeping a hawk eye out for further attempts to restrict voting through disinformation or other time-honored means.

“Folks are not going to put their guard down,” said Phillips, of Common Cause. “We and others will continue to double down on education to make sure there’s no confusion. Whatever the folks pushed these laws through try to say from here on to Election Day, we will make sure it’s accurate, not misleading.”",1
4985,"Even under oath, Trump struggled with the truth","The lawyer gave Donald Trump a note, written in Trump’s own handwriting. He asked Trump to read it aloud.

Trump may not have realized it yet, but he had walked into a trap.

The mogul had sent the note to a reporter, objecting to a story that said Trump owned a “small minority stake” in a Manhattan real estate project. Trump insisted that the word “small” was incorrect. Trump continued reading: “I wrote, ‘Is 50 percent small?’ ”

“This [note] was intended to indicate that you had a 50 percent stake in the project, correct?” said the lawyer.

For the first of many times that day, Trump was about to be caught saying something that wasn’t true.

It was a mid-December morning in 2007 — the start of an interrogation unlike anything else in the public record of Trump’s life.

Trump had brought it on himself. He had sued a reporter, accusing him of being reckless and dishonest in a book that raised questions about Trump’s net worth. The reporter’s attorneys turned the tables and brought Trump in for a deposition.

For two straight days, they asked Trump question after question that touched on the same theme: Trump’s honesty.

The lawyers confronted the mogul with his past statements — and with his company’s internal documents, which often showed those statements had been incorrect or invented. The lawyers were relentless. Trump, the bigger-than-life mogul, was vulnerable — cornered, out-prepared and under oath.

Trump had misstated sales at his condo buildings. Inflated the price of membership at one of his golf clubs. Overstated the depth of his past debts and the number of his employees.

That deposition — 170 transcribed pages — offers extraordinary insights into Trump’s relationship with the truth. Trump’s falsehoods were unstrategic — needless, highly specific, easy to disprove. When caught, Trump sometimes blamed others for the error or explained that the untrue thing really was true, in his mind, because he saw the situation more positively than others did.

“Have you ever lied in public statements about your properties?” the lawyer asked.

“I try and be truthful,” Trump said. “I’m no different from a politician running for office. You always want to put the best foot forward.”

In his presidential campaign, Trump has sought to make his truth-telling a selling point. He nicknamed his main Republican opponent “Lyin’ Ted” Cruz. He called his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, “A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR!” in a recent Twitter message. “I will present the facts plainly and honestly,” he said in the opening of his speech at the Republican National Convention. “We cannot afford to be so politically correct anymore.”

Trump has had a habit of telling demonstrable untruths during his presidential campaign. The Washington Post’s Fact Checker has awarded him four Pinocchios — the maximum a statement can receive — 39 times since he announced his bid last summer. In many cases, his statements echo those in the 2007 deposition: They are specific, checkable — and wrong.

Trump said he opposed the Iraq War at the start. He didn’t. He said he’d never mocked a disabled New York Times reporter. He had. Trump also said the National Football League had sent him a letter, objecting to a presidential debate that was scheduled for the same time as a football game. It hadn’t.

Last week, Trump claimed that he had seen footage — taken at a top-secret location and released by the Iranian government — showing a plane unloading a large amount of cash to Iran from the U.S. government. He hadn’t. Trump later conceded he’d been mistaken — he’d seen TV news video that showed a plane during a prisoner release.

But, even under the spotlight of this campaign, Trump has never had an experience quite like this deposition on Dec. 19 and 20, 2007.

He was trapped in a room — with his own prior statements and three high-powered lawyers.

“A very clear and visible side effect of my lawyers’ questioning of Trump is that he [was revealed as] a routine and habitual fabulist,” said Timothy L. O’Brien, the author Trump had sued.

The Washington Post sent the Trump campaign a detailed list of questions about this deposition, listing all the times when Trump seemed to have been caught in a false or unsupported statement. The Post asked Trump whether he wanted to challenge any of those findings — and whether he had felt regret when confronted with them.

He did not answer those questions.

In 2005, O’Brien, then a reporter for the New York Times, had published a book called “Trump Nation: The Art of Being the Donald.” In the book, O’Brien cited people who questioned a claim at the bedrock of Trump’s identity — that his net worth was more than $5 billion. O’Brien said he had spoken to three people who estimated that the figure was between $150 million and $250 million.

Trump sued. He later told The Post that he intended to hurt O’Brien, whom he called a “lowlife sleazebag.”

“I didn’t read [the book], to be honest with you. . . . I never read it. I saw some of the things they said,” Trump said later. “I said: ‘Go sue him. It will cost him a lot of money.’ ”

By filing suit, Trump hadn’t just opened himself up to questioning — he had opened a door into the opaque and secretive company he ran.

O’Brien’s attorneys included Mary Jo White, now the chair of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and Andrew Ceresney, now the SEC’s director of enforcement. The lawsuit had given them the power to request that Trump turn over internal company documents, and they used it. They arrived at the deposition having already identified where Trump’s public statements hadn’t matched the private truth.

The questions began with that handwritten note and the 50 percent stake that wasn’t 50 percent.

“The 30 percent equates to much more than 30 percent,” Trump explained. His reasoning was that he had not been required to put up money at the outset, so his 30 percent share seemed more valuable.

“Are you saying that the real estate community would interpret your interest to be 50 percent, even though in limited partnership agreements it’s 30 percent?” Ceresney asked.

“Smart people would say it’s much more than 30 percent.”

TRUMP: I got more than a million dollars, because they have tremendous promotion expenses, to my advantage. In other words, they promote, which has great value, through billboards, through newspapers, through radio, I think through television – yeah, through television.

And they spend – again, I’d have to ask them, but I bet they spend at least a million or two million or maybe even more than that on promoting Donald Trump.

LAWYER: But how much of the payments were cash?

LAWYER: So when you say publicly that you got paid more than a million dollars, you’re including in that sum the promotional expenses that they pay?

TRUMP: Oh, absolutely, yes. That has a great value. It has a great value to me.

LAWYER: Do you actually say that when you say you got paid more than a million dollars publicly?

On to the next one.

“I was paid more than a million dollars,” Trump said when Ceresney asked how much he’d been paid for a speech in 2005 at New York City’s Learning Annex, a continuing-education center.

“But how much of the payments were cash?”

Trump said his personal math included the intangible value of publicity: The Learning Annex had advertised his speech heavily, and Trump thought that helped his brand. Therefore, in his mind he’d been paid more than $1 million, even though his actual payment was $400,000.

“Do you actually say that, when you say you got a million dollars publicly?” Ceresney asked.

As the deposition went on, the lawyers led Trump through case after case in which he’d overstated his success.

The lawyer played a clip from Larry King’s talk show, in which King asked Trump how many people worked for him. “Twenty-two thousand or so,” Trump said.

“Are all those people on your payroll?” Ceresney asked him.

“No, not directly,” Trump said. He said he was counting employees of other companies that acted as suppliers and subcontractors to his businesses.

Another one. In O’Brien’s book, Trump had been quoted saying: “I had zero borrowings from [my father’s] estate. . . . I give you my word.”

“Mr. Trump, have you ever borrowed money from your father’s estate?”

“I think a small amount a long time ago,” Trump said. “I think it was like in the $9 million range.”

Another one. In one of his own books, Trump had said about one of his golf courses: “Membership costs $300,000. I think it’s a bargain.”

“In fact, your memberships were not selling at $300,000 at that time, correct?”

“We’ve sold many for two hundred” thousand, Trump said. Then, Trump pushed it upward: “We’ve sold many for, I think, two-fifty.”

But this was not the place to push it.

The lawyer had an internal Trump document that showed the true figure — “$200,000 per membership,” Ceresney said.

LAWYER: You didn’t correct it when you read the book?

TRUMP: Well, I did correct it, and she didn’t correct it.

But you could have her in as a witness, and I’m sure we’ll bring her in as a witness because what she wrote was — I asked her to change it to “billions of dollars in debt,” and she probably forgot.

LAWYER: And when you read it, you didn’t correct it?

LAWYER: You didn’t see it.

TRUMP: I read it very quickly. I didn’t see it. I would have corrected it, but I didn’t see it.

In some cases, Trump acknowledged he was wrong — but not that he was at fault. Instead, he sought to turn the blame on others.

“This is somebody that wrote it, probably Meredith McIver,” Trump said at one point when confronted with another false statement. “That is a mistake.”

McIver, a staff writer with the Trump Organization, blazed into the public eye last month for having inserted plagiarized material — taken from Michelle Obama’s 2008 convention speech — in the convention speech of Trump’s wife, Melania. McIver said it had been an innocent mistake.

But in this deposition more than eight years earlier, Trump was blaming her for a mistake in one of his own books, “How to Get Rich.” In the 2004 book, co-written with McIver, Trump described his massive debt load during a low period in the early 1990s. “I owed billions upon billions of dollars — $9.2 billion to be exact,” the book said as it retold the story of his rise back to success.

The depth of that financial hole made it seem even more impressive that Trump had climbed out again. But the figure was wrong. His actual debts had been much less.

“I pointed it out to the person who wrote the book,” Trump said, meaning McIver.

“Right after she wrote the book?”

Then the lawyer showed Trump another book he’d written with McIver, three years later.

“In fact, I was $9 billion in debt,” Trump read aloud. A similar error, repeated. It was McIver’s fault again.

“And when you read it, you didn’t correct it?”

“I read it very quickly,” Trump said about a book he was credited with writing.

LAWYER: When you wrote, “O’Brien . . . threatened sources by telling them he can, quote, ‘Settle scores with enemies by writing negative articles about them,’ ” what was the basis for that statement?

TRUMP: Just my perception of him.

I don’t know that he indicated anything like that to me, but I think he probably did indirectly. Just my dealing with him.

In other cases, the lawyers prodded Trump into admitting that he had made authoritative-sounding statements without any proof behind them. These statements were another kind of untruth.

They were not necessarily false. They might have been true.

But Trump said them without knowing one way or the other.

“What basis do you have for that statement?” Ceresney asked in one case, about an assertion from Trump that O’Brien had been reported to the police for stalking.

“I guess that was probably taken off the Internet,” Trump said.

On to the next one.

“You wrote, ‘O’Brien . . . threatened sources by telling them he can, quote, settle scores with enemies by writing negative articles about them,’ ” Ceresney asked, reading Trump’s words from a legal complaint. “What was the basis for that statement?”

“Just my perception of him,” Trump said. “I don’t know that he indicated anything like that to me, but I think he probably did indirectly.”

The most striking example was a question at the very heart of the legal case: What was Trump’s actual net worth?

Trump had told O’Brien he was worth up to $6 billion. But the lawyers confronted him with other documents — from Trump’s accountants and from outside banks — that seemed to show the real figure was far lower.

The lawyers asked: “Have you ever not been truthful” about your net worth?

Trump’s answer here was that the truth about his wealth was — in essence — up to him to decide.

“My net worth fluctuates, and it goes up and down with markets and with attitudes and with feelings, even my own feelings,” Trump said. “But I try.”

The interrogation finally ended after two days. Trump’s attorney made a final demand.

“I want the record to be crystal clear that every single word, every question, every answer, every word, is confidential,” said the attorney, Mark Ressler.

In 2009, a judge dismissed Trump’s case against O’Brien. Trump appealed, but in 2011 that was denied, too.

Along the way, this once-confidential deposition became part of the public record when O’Brien’s attorneys attached it to one of their motions.

In a brief statement this week, Trump said he felt the lawsuit was a success, despite his loss.

“O’Brien knows nothing about me,” Trump said. “His book was a total failure and ultimately I had great success doing what I wanted to do — costing this third rate reporter a lot of legal fees.”

O’Brien, now executive editor of Bloomberg View, said Trump got that wrong. The publisher and insurance companies covered the cost.

“Donald Trump lost his lawsuit and, unlike him, it didn’t cost me a penny to litigate it,” he said.",1
1781,"For Carly Fiorina, money hasn't yet followed the hype","Washington (CNN) In theory, Carly Fiorina should be one of the best fundraisers in the Republican field.

She was the breakout star in CNN's Republican debate on Wednesday, the second straight contest in which she's distinguished herself. She's the former CEO of a major company and she's well-connected in donor-rich California.

But she has a problem: The money hasn't followed the hype -- yet.

""Buzz tends to turn on the money spigot, and she's clearly getting a lot of buzz out of last night,"" said Ken Kies, a longtime Republican bundler and lobbyist. ""But it's probably not enough to fuel the tank to get you through to February.""

Buoyed by two consecutive widely praised debate performances, Fiorina is expected to surge in the next round of public opinion surveys. But party insiders say her next challenge will be to convert that goodwill into hard dollars that can drive votes come next winter.

Despite her deep connections to the conservative movement in Washington and to the moneyed class of Silicon Valley, Fiorina's campaign had only $1 million on hand as of this summer (just slightly more than the same amount as Rick Perry, who has since dropped out of the race due to financial problems.) The former Hewlett-Packard executive took in about $1.7 million in the first two months of her campaign, less than every other Republican candidate she shared the stage with on Wednesday that reported totals.

And her super PAC, which can collect checks of unlimited size, only hauled in about $3.5 million, a smaller sum all the more harmful given the candidate's unusual dependence on the outside group. Almost half of that money came from one of the party's biggest donors, Jerry Perenchio.

She'll face an early test: Fiorina's campaign will have only two weeks to capitalize on Wednesday's performance before needing to file new numbers with election officials. But her supporters -- along with top, unaligned GOP fundraisers -- say the narrative is about to change.

""My emails are going crazy today,"" said Karolyn Dorsee, who is organizing a San Diego fundraiser for Fiorina but hasn't committed to help her exclusively. ""If my little world here is any indication, she is on fire.""

Her world likely isn't -- Fiorina's first reports reveal that she drew heavily from the deep well of California donors, something she may need to broaden to make a serious run for the GOP nomination. But even top moneymen working for other campaigns said they expected the new Republican star to give their fundraising shops a run for their money, predicting that she could post mammoth returns in the final two weeks of what is traditionally a sleepy quarter.

There were already immediate signs on Thursday that donors were watching CNN's debate closely. Stanley Hubbard, a Minnesota billionaire and a top backer of struggling Wisconsin governor Scott Walker, said he planned to give the maximum he could to Fiorina's campaign, $2,700 (though he said the only super PAC he'd give to would be Walker's.)

""Maybe she's another Margaret Thatcher. She's terrific,"" said Hubbard, who is also cutting new $2,700 checks to Chris Christie and Marco Rubio. ""We think they're breakthrough people.""

Hubbard is part of a network of top-flight donors organized by Charles and David Koch, who surprisingly extended an invitation to Fiorina to address their millionaires as an exclusive conference this summer. That coveted speaking slot gave the Californian a chance to win over some of the biggest GOP whales, who could easily write seven-figure checks to Fiorina's super PAC.

That group has perhaps gone further than any other outside group at taking the place of a traditional campaign. The super PAC, christened CARLY for America, is often times confused in reports with the official operation, Carly for President. The super PAC officials travel with the candidate as she barnstorms the country and helps the businesswoman collect endorsements from early-state officials.

But it has struggled to reel in large donations beyond Perenchio, convincing only a handful of Republican donors to give six-figure amounts to the group. (The super PAC supporting Jeb Bush's bid, for instance, raised 30 times the amount than did Fiorina's.) The group's second biggest donation came from a separate super PAC bankrolled by billionaire Republican Bob Mercer, but Mercer is expected to overwhelmingly back Fiorina rival Ted Cruz, whom he originally gifted $11 million.

Fiorina loyalists say that Wednesday night's debate means more big-money backers are en route.

""I don't know if she really has a chance to win, but I like seeing her in these debates,"" said Orlando executive Richard Lee, who gave the group $25,000 in April despite originally pledging to not get involved in the primary. ""After last night, she should probably be able to do better.""

That's the thinking of many Republican donors, who like Hubbard and Mercer, are supporting Fiorina as a ""side bet"" in a 16-candidate field. Some of the biggest names in Republican politics appear on Fiorina's campaign-finance reports, but with small dollar amounts next to her name. They may envision her as a pitbull against the Democratic nominee -- ""she'd eat Hillary Clinton alive,"" said Hubbard -- or as a worthwhile investment in the party that has been attacked by Democrats as waging a ""war on women.""

And while Hubbard's $2,700 could be a token of more to come, top fundraisers point out that candidate cannot wage a campaign entirely on the back of a super PAC (Perry's group raised more than $17 million, but his cash strapped campaign lasted 100 days.) Candidates tend to spend months building professional fundraising operations that can systematically collect maximum checks from dozens of their associates, and top bundlers say that doesn't bloom overnight.

""Will people go out of their way to call their friends?"" asked David Beightol, a top bundler for Mitt Romney who is now raising money for Bush. ""If she has those tools in place, she could do really well. If she doesn't, she might get a lot of little donors — and that won't hurt — but to make a difference she's going to have some big donors too.""

Fiorina friends say she is fine being underestimated as a fundraiser -- arguing that both of the past two debates are evidence that she'll beat expectations.

""She believed that at first, no one would take her seriously. Then, that she's nice to have there,"" said super PAC donor Phil Lebherz, an ally from California.

Lebherz said she's now taking the third step: ""And then she's a threat.""",1
3180,Ronald Reagan made it all worse: How Republicans — the real party with their hands out — convinced white America that government was out to get them,"Real “patriots,” the Bundys claim, stand against a behemoth government that has grasped their lands and their rights. America, after all, is made by ambitious individuals working their way up. A government that promotes social welfare or regulates business destroys the American system because it both limits a man’s ability to make money and requires tax revenue. Those taxes strike at the very heart of individualism because they redistribute money from hard workers to lazy people.

Ammon and Ryan Bundy and their compatriots are quite clear about exactly who those lazy people are. The younger Bundys’ father, Cliven, the Nevada rancher who started an armed standoff with government officials in 2014 over grazing rights, had plenty to say about the “Negro” who lived in government housing and “didn’t have nothing to do.” African-Americans’ laziness led them to abort their children and send their young men to jail. Bundy wondered: “are they better off as slaves, picking cotton and having a family life… or are they better off under government subsidy? They didn’t get no more freedom. They got less freedom.”

And yet, the Bundys are perfectly comfortably taking money from government programs themselves. Aside from animal kill programs that protect herds, drought relief payments, and the 93 percent discount at which the government assesses grazing fees, Ammon Bundy borrowed more than $500,000 from the federal government through a loan guarantee program for small businesses. Ammon Bundy’s father, Cliven, owes the government more than $1 million in grazing fees for running his cattle on public land. No matter how you slice it, taxpayers have subsidized the Bundys.

Observers have made much of this obvious contradiction. But it is not a sign only of the Bundys’ lack of self-awareness, or even simply of white supremacy. It is the intellectual formula that has driven American politics since 1980.

That formula was laid down immediately after the Civil War. In 1865, the South was so devastated by the war that Southerners, white and black, were starving. To provide rations and medical care, and to place homeless Southerners on farming land, Congress created the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands. To emphasize that government aid would be temporary, they placed what became known as the Freedmen’s Bureau within the War Department. In summer 1865, military officers distributed 150,000 rations, a third of them to white people. But the agents also took on an unexpected role. Southern states refused to let ex-slaves testify in court, leaving them to the tender mercies of angry white Southerners, who cheated, beat, raped and murdered them. So Freedmen’s Bureau officers began to hear the cases that pitted black and white Southerners against each other.

While agents often forced black people back to work for abusive employers or demanded subservient behavior, they decided cases in favor of ex-slaves about 68 percent of the time. So Southern Democrats rewrote history. They had not fought the Civil War over slavery after all, they insisted. They had fought it to stop a huge government bureaucracy from forcing its way into their homes and regulating the way they treated “their people.” They had fought, they now claimed, not for slavery, but for states’ rights.

When Congress tried to expand the Freedmen’s Bureau the following year to enable it to provide education for poor Americans of all races, President Andrew Johnson added the final ideological piece to the Democrats’ attack on an activist government. That piece was taxation. During the war, the Republican Congress had created the nation’s first national taxes, including the income tax. Johnson vetoed the bill expanding the Freedmen’s Bureau on two grounds. First, although the schools in the bill would have disproportionately helped whites in the border states, Johnson claimed that it provided benefits for African-Americans that had never been accorded to white people. Second, he explained that the bill would create an army of officials that would harass Southern whites, while the taxes necessary to support them would impoverish hardworking white people.

This formula—that an activist government sucks white tax dollars to provide for lazy minorities—has been sold to voters ever since. It caught on largely because of the odd happenstance that it coincided with the rise of the American cowboy. During this very moment, the cattle industry was taking off on the Western plains. Cowboys tended to be former Confederates who were dirt poor and good with a horse and a gun. Their dirty, hard, ill-paid and dangerous lives mirrored those of Eastern industrial workers, but Southern Democratic newspaper editors grabbed hold of the idea of the free and independent cowboy as the embodiment of American individualism. Cowboys, they said, were the very opposite of the ex-slaves the government was coddling. Cowboys were hardworking young men who asked nothing of the government. The reality, of course, was that the cattle industry depended almost entirely on the American government. The Army protected herds and cattlemen against Indians, Congress funded the railroads that moved cattle to Eastern markets, and Indian agents bought cattle to fulfill the ration provisions of treaties. Cattlemen, in short, received massive government subsidies. But the image of the Western cowboy as a hardworking man who asked only to be left alone got traction among Southerners and Northern Democrats who hated the idea of black rights, and who loathed the Republicans’ activist government that was trying to enforce those rights. By the 1870s, ex-Confederates had taken their support for Western individualism a step further. They insisted the federal government was actively persecuting Western individuals. Their hero was Jesse James, the former Confederate guerilla-turned-criminal. When a Republican state government in Missouri refused to let ex-Confederates sit on juries or practice law, Democrats used the fugitive James to bludgeon their political opponents. James was “an angel of light,” as one said, who wanted to turn himself in to authorities, but could not because he would not get a fair trial in a courtroom full of his political opponents. He was a good man, the story went, but the government was forcing him into criminality. And then, the governor of Missouri cut a deal with Robert Ford to kill James. That a government official had colluded to murder a citizen added fuel to the idea that Westerners were in danger from an overweening government. The political construct that lionized Western individuals and demonized an activist government, a government that apparently helped minorities, was a product of a peculiar moment in American history. Neither the moment nor the ideology lasted. The political construct that idealized cowboys fell into disrepute during and immediately after the New Deal. In those years, Americans turned away from Western individualism and toward the idea of an activist government. Westerners and Southerners both, after all, were suffering from the Dust Bowl and the boll weevil. They wanted government programs even more than Easterners did. But in the 1950s, the Movement Conservative war on the New Deal resurrected the post-Civil War political cliché. Since the Brown v. Board of Education decision of 1954, Movement Conservatives have tapped into the idea that an activist government redistributed wealth to lazy minorities. But they have also pushed hard on the idea that true Americans are Western individualists. Arizona Sen. Barry Goldwater launched this association in 1964 by dismissing Brown v. Board as governmental overreach and fictionalizing his wealthy upbringing as a hardscrabble Western frontier story; Ronald Reagan made it even more explicit by contrasting his image of the Welfare Queen with his own cowboy hat and Western ranch. And yet, the Goldwater and the Reagan stories mirrored those of the historical Western individual: their regions, and their own families, prospered only when government contracts poured money into their communities. To them, there was no contradiction between their championing of individualism and benefiting from government largess. According to Movement Conservatives, Americans who believe in individualism want nothing from the government, and thus, unlike grasping minorities, they are the nation’s true patriots. The government should do nothing for “lazy black Americans,” who only want an un-American redistribution of wealth through taxes. But, paradoxically, the government can—and should—use tax money to help America’s individualists. This is the peculiar contradiction that defines today’s politics. Confederates, cowboys, anti-government diatribes from people who are prime beneficiaries of government programs … thanks to the Bundys we are celebrating the 150th anniversary of Reconstruction by reliving it.",1
167,10 members of Congress took trip secretly funded by foreign government,"The state-owned oil company of Azerbaijan secretly funded an all-expenses-paid trip to a conference in Baku, on the Caspian Sea, in 2013 for 10 members of Congress and 32 staff members, according to a confidential ethics report obtained by The Washington Post. Three former top aides to President Obama appeared as speakers at the event.

Lawmakers and their staff members received hundreds of thousands of dollars’ worth of travel expenses, silk scarves, crystal tea sets and Azerbaijani rugs valued at $2,500 to $10,000, according to the ethics report. Airfare for the lawmakers and some of their spouses cost $112,899, travel invoices show.

The State Oil Company of the Azerbaijan Republic, known as SOCAR, allegedly funneled $750,000 through nonprofit corporations based in the United States to conceal the source of the funding for the conference in the former Soviet republic, according to the 70-page report by the Office of Congressional Ethics, an independent investigative arm of the House.

The report reflects the most extensive investigation undertaken by the ethics office, which was created seven years ago in response to a number of scandals on Capitol Hill, including lobbyist Jack Abramoff’s illegal funding of lawmakers’ trips.

The nonprofit corporations allegedly filed false statements with Congress swearing that they were sponsoring the conference. The findings have been referred to the House Ethics Committee for investigation of possible violations of congressional rules and federal laws that bar foreign governments from trying to influence U.S. policy.

SOCAR released a statement saying that its support of the conference was no secret and blaming the nonprofits for not filing the proper disclosures.

“At no time did SOCAR hide from the attendees of the conference our involvement,” the statement said. “SOCAR has never been under investigation in this matter because the responsibility for disclosing SOCAR’s financial support for the conference fell to those who were the trip’s sponsors.

“We have cooperated fully. We are therefore disappointed that the compliance procedures may not have been followed correctly by the trip’s sponsors and we are unclear why these disclosures were omitted.”

Tom Rust, chief counsel and staff director for the Ethics Committee, and Kelly Brewington, a spokeswoman for the Office of Congressional Ethics, declined to comment.

The conference, titled “U.S.-

Azerbaijan Convention: Vision for the Future,” took place on May 28 and 29, 2013. During the previous year, SOCAR and several large energy companies sought exemptions for a $28 billion natural gas pipeline project in the Caspian Sea from U.S. economic sanctions being imposed on Iran.

The congressional investigators could not determine whether lawmakers used their official positions to benefit SOCAR or the pipeline project. They also found no evidence that the lawmakers or their staff members knew that the conference was being funded by a foreign government.

The investigators noted that the lawmakers relied on representations made to them by two Houston-based nonprofit corporations, the Turquoise Council of Americans and Eurasians (TCAE) and the Assembly of the Friends of Azerbaijan (AFAZ). The lawmakers told investigators that they had obtained approval for the trip from the Ethics Committee.

The report said members of the ethics panel wrote to the Office of Congressional Ethics requesting a halt to the investigation so that the matter could be taken up by their own committee. OCE officials declined the request. A government official who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter said OCE feared that the ethics panel, which has a reputation among watchdog groups for shielding lawmakers from embarrassing disclosures, would not take any meaningful action.

The pipeline has long been an important U.S. policy objective because it would bolster European security by offering an alternative to Russian gas.

One of SOCAR’s partners was the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC), a relationship that had threatened to scuttle the deal if sanctions were approved without an exemption for the Shah Deniz Natural Gas Project. ­SOCAR and NIOC were partners with 10 percent of the project each, while BP and Norwegian-based Statoil each held 25.5 percent. Russian-based Lukoil also had a 10 percent share, and Turkish Petroleum Corp. had 9 percent.

Congress had approved two sanctions bills containing passages that exempted the project, which Obama signed into law in August 2012 and January 2013. On June 3, 2013, five days after the Baku conference, Obama signed an executive order assessing economic sanctions against Iran that also exempted the project.

The Post reported about the trip at the time, in an article noting that three former Obama political advisers — Robert Gibbs, Jim Messina and David Plouffe — spoke at the conference, which was attended by current and former members of Congress. Politico also wrote about the trip, and the Houston Chronicle reported that SOCAR had been a sponsor of the conference and raised questions about the nonprofits involved. Only one Western news organization covered the event, the Washington Diplomat, a monthly that writes about the diplomatic community in the nation’s capital.

But no information surfaced at the time about the alleged $750,000 payment from SOCAR to the nonprofits. Ethics investigators obtained a wire transfer showing that SOCAR sent the $750,000 to AFAZ. SOCAR’s legal counsel told the investigators that the money was “dues” that were “intended to be used as funding for the Convention.”

The lawmakers who took the trip were Reps. Jim Bridenstine (R-Okla.), Yvette D. Clarke (D-N.Y.), Danny K. Davis (D-Ill.), Rubén Hinojosa (D-Tex.), Sheila Jackson Lee (D-Tex.), Leonard Lance (R-N.J.), Michelle Lujan Grisham (D-N.M.), Gregory W. Meeks (D-N.Y.) and Ted Poe (R-Tex.) and then-Rep. Steve Stockman (R-Tex.).

Clarke is a member of the Ethics Committee.

Another lawmaker, Rep. Michael R. Turner (R-Ohio), attended as part of a separate congressional delegation and his expenses were not paid by the conference, according to the report.

“My official visit was part of my House Armed Services and NATO responsibilities,” Turner told The Post in a statement. “The conference did not pay my expenses and I did not receive any gifts.”

Davis told The Post that the Ethics Committee approved the trip, which he took with his wife, and that he didn’t realize it had been funded by SOCAR. He said he saw the oil company’s logos in Baku, but “to be very honest about it, I didn’t pay them much attention, honestly.”

He also said that during the conference he received one rug, which was delivered to his hotel room and is in storage in his basement in Chicago. He said he is considering donating the rug to a museum or a charity.

Davis also said lawmakers should ask more questions about the source of funding for travel.

“Some of these things that we take sometimes for granted probably require a bit more investigation or more prudence,” he said. “So maybe we’ll exercise a bit more scrutiny. I will.”

Hinojosa, who attended the conference with his wife, said he was also unaware of SOCAR’s involvement.

“Prior to the trip to Azerbaijan and Turkey, I sought approval from the U.S. House Committee on Ethics to travel,” he said in a statement. “I believed the purpose of the trip was to strengthen U.S.-Turkey and U.S.-Azerbaijani relations. I received souvenirs of what I believed to be of minimal value and in compliance with the House Gift rule.”

The statement added: “Importantly, the report notes that there is no evidence to suggest that Members of Congress who went on the trip knew that impermissible sponsors and organizers may have been involved and that Members relied on the sponsors’ representations in good faith.”

Ladan Ahmadi, a spokeswoman for Meeks, said in a statement that the congressman “had no reason to believe that the trip was in any way inappropriate. He understood the rug to be a permissible courtesy gift.”

Glenn Rushing, the chief of staff for Jackson Lee, said in a statement: “Congresswoman Jackson Lee submitted to the House Ethics Committee all of the information available to her regarding sponsorship of this travel and received advance approval for this trip, in writing, from the House Ethics Committee, fully in accordance with House Ethics Rules. The congresswoman made this trip only because of the approval by the House Ethics Committee.”

Lance declined to comment, citing the ongoing ethics investigation. A senior staff member who spoke on the condition of anonymity said that the congressman was unaware SOCAR had sponsored the event and that he had returned the one rug he received after he got back to Washington. The staff member also said Lance received a pair of earrings and reimbursed the nonprofit group that helped organize the conference $100 immediately upon returning to New Jersey.

Clarke and Stockman did not respond to requests for comment.

Although lawmakers told investigators that they were unaware that the Azerbaijani government had underwritten the trip through its oil company, investigators noted that SOCAR organized much of the conference in plain sight. The oil company issued invitations, sponsored visa entries for the lawmakers and staff members, and hung banners and placards emblazoned with SOCAR’s logo throughout the conference halls in Baku.

The investigators concluded in their report that “a person’s ignorance of the true source of travel expenses is not an absolute shield from liability for receipt of travel expenses from an improper source.”

Several members of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, which has oversight of U.S. relations with Iran and the economic sanctions, attended the conference. They included one of the panel’s most influential members, Poe, who chairs its subcommittee on terrorism, nonproliferation and trade.

The report said Poe was among those who did not fully cooperate with the Office of Congressional Ethics or did not acknowledge receipt of their request for information.

In a statement to The Post, Shaylyn Hynes, Poe’s spokeswoman said, “Congressman Poe did cooperate,” providing investigators with documents and answers to their questions.

“The House Committee on Ethics then requested that the OCE cease its review because it was conducting its own investigation,” Hynes’s statement said. “As a result, we alerted OCE that we were communicating and cooperating directly with the House Committee on Ethics, the official arbiter of House ethics matters.”

Hynes’s statement added that the congressman thought the conference was being sponsored by the nonprofits.

“In its report, the OCE clearly states it did not receive any evidence that the Congressman knew that TCAE was not the sole organizer or sponsor of the travel,” Hynes’s statement said. “The OCE further correctly found that ‘Representative Poe acted in good faith reliance on information received from the purported trip sponsor and approval from the Committee on Ethics.’ ”

According to the report, three other lawmakers who took the trip also declined to cooperate with the ethics office or did not respond: Jackson Lee, a member of the Homeland Security Committee; Lance, a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee; and Meeks, a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee.

Lance’s staff member said the lawmaker had been ready to cooperate with the Office of Congressional Ethics when he was told by the House Ethics Committee that it would examine the case. Lance is now cooperating with that panel.

Meeks also provided documents to the OCE but did not give an interview to investigators after learning that the ethics panel was conducting its own investigation, his spokeswoman, Ahmadi, said in a statement.

“Congressman Meeks is committed to cooperate with the Ethics Committee in its review of this matter,” she said.

Several lawmakers said they thought they had properly reported their travel expenses on their disclosure forms. Several said they believed they did not need to disclose the gifts because their value did not exceed the $350 reporting threshold.

Lujan Grisham told ethics investigators that she did not disclose the rugs because she did not think they were particularly valuable. She also thought that they were unattractive.

“It’s not a carpet I would have purchased,” the congresswoman said.

A spokesman for Lujan Grish­am told The Post that the congresswoman “takes House Ethics rules seriously” and sought approval for the trip by the House Ethics Committee.

“The Office of Congressional Ethics concluded, as reported by the news media, that Rep. Lujan Grisham was led to believe the travel was sponsored by a nonprofit organization, and not any other source,” Gilbert Gallegos, the spokesman, said in a statement. “Rep. Lujan Grisham acted in good faith as she relied on the approval by House Ethics Committee.”

In recent years, as relations between the United States and Iran have deteriorated over Iran’s nuclear ambitions, Congress and the Obama administration have stepped up economic sanctions. The government of Azerbaijan, which shares a border with Iran, hired several lobbying firms to build a better relationship with policymakers in Washington.

As Congress weighed a new round of sanctions against Iran in 2012, SOCAR opened an office in Washington, buying a building in Dupont Circle for $12 million. On April 25 and 26, 2012, a conference called “U.S.-Azerbaijan Relations: Vision for Future” was held at the Willard InterContinental Hotel in downtown Washington.

Among the attendees were Poe, Meeks and Jackson Lee. Ethics investigators said it appeared that SOCAR was a “major funder” of the conference, citing interviews and photographs published on a Web site for the event that showed banners with ­SOCAR’s logos inside the hotel.

At the time, Congress was considering the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act. The bill contained a provision that would exempt the gas pipeline project from Iranian sanctions. The provision said that “nothing” in the measure would apply to “the development of natural gas and the construction and operation of a pipeline to transport natural gas from Azerbaijan to Turkey and Europe.”

Three months later, on July 30, 2012, Obama signed an executive order authorizing additional sanctions against Iran and exempting the pipeline. On Aug. 1, Congress approved the sanctions legislation and the exemption. Obama signed it into law nine days later.

Before adjourning for Christmas, Congress approved another sanctions bill called the Iran Freedom and Counter-Proliferation Act, which was part of the National Defense Authorization Act of 2013. That bill also contained an exemption for the gas pipeline. On Jan. 2, 2013, Obama signed the legislation into law.

Soon, members of Congress began receiving invitations to attend a springtime conference in Baku, the Azerbaijani capital, known for its mix of medieval architecture and gleaming modern buildings along the shores of the Caspian Sea.

A month before the conference, the nonprofit AFAZ was set up in Houston, home to some of the world’s largest energy companies. “Evidence revealed that ­SOCAR founded AFAZ in the month prior to the Convention and transferred $750,000 to an AFAZ bank account prior to the Convention,” the OCE report said. AFAZ was created as an “educational, cultural, business, congressional advocacy and charitable organization” with the mission of building “bridges between the United States and Azerbaijan,” according to the nonprofit’s Web site.

The investigators for the Office of Congressional Ethics found that AFAZ and the other Houston-based nonprofit, TCAE, concealed the true source of the funding for travel and other expenses for the U.S. officials.

“The OCE found that the disclosed nonprofit sponsors contributed virtually no money towards congressional travel to Azerbaijan and played a very limited role in organizing the Convention,” the report said.

On April 16, 2013, Kemal Oksuz, an executive in charge of the nonprofits, wrote to the president of SOCAR, requesting $750,000 to underwrite the conference, according to the report. In return, Oksuz pledged that SOCAR’s “logo will be used on all printed materials, banners and website, and that SOCAR will be recognized as the Main Sponsor of the Convention.”

On May 13, SOCAR transferred $750,000 into the Wells Fargo account of AFAZ, according to the report. Three days later, AFAZ made its first money transfer to pay for the plane tickets for the conference attendees.

“SOCAR and AFAZ provided gifts in the form of impermissible travel expenses to congressional travelers in violation of House rules, regulations and federal law,” the ethics investigators said.

Oksuz did not respond to requests for comment.

Last summer, the Houston Chronicle published an examination of the Baku conference and interviewed Oksuz. He told the newspaper that he was not required to disclose corporate sponsorships because “those contributions always came after the conventions.”

The investigators said five nonprofits affiliated with the Azerbaijani government said they sponsored the conference, filing sworn statements with the Ethics Committee in April and May 2013.

“The five sponsoring organizations contributed no funding for the congressional travel in spite of false affirmations on the forms they submitted to the Committee on Ethics,” the investigators wrote in the report.

SOCAR assembled a list of lawmakers, other U.S. officials and private individuals it wanted to attend the three-day conference. The oil company invited more than 30 people to speak in Baku, according to the report, including Gibbs, Messina and Plouffe. SOCAR also invited Richard G. Lugar (R-Ind.), a former chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, who had lost his reelection campaign in 2012.

In addition to SOCAR, BP, ConocoPhillips and KBR also helped to underwrite the costs of the conference, estimated at $1.5 million. Those costs included $100,000 for hotel accommodations, $75,000 for food and entertainment, and $1.2 million for travel and other expenses.

Several members of Congress and their staff members also took side trips to Turkey, traveling to Istanbul, Ankara or both, the investigators found. They included Clarke, Hinojosa, Lance and Lujan Grisham.

The Bosphorus Atlantic Cultural Association of Friendship and Cooperation, a Turkish nonprofit organization, covered the expenses, the report said. The lawmakers did not disclose the role of that nonprofit.

“Members of Congress who traveled to Turkey accepted payment of travel expenses from impermissible sources, resulting in an impermissible gift, in violation of House rules and regulations,” the report found.

Investigators also said lawmakers received a number of gifts, including crystal tea sets, briefcases, silk scarves, turquoise earrings, gold-painted plates and Azerbaijani rugs. Some congressional staff members told the investigators they thought that the rugs were worth about $300 — $50 below the reporting threshold — and that they didn’t need to disclose them on their forms filed with the Ethics Committee.

The report said “evidence suggests” that all lawmakers received at least one rug and some got two, one prayer-size and one area rug. Many staff members also received rugs.

Only one lawmaker, Bridenstine, disclosed the rugs on his financial forms. He had them appraised: the smaller rug at $2,500 and the larger at $3,500. In a July 2013 letter to the Ethics Committee, he said he wanted to donate the larger rug to the House Clerk’s Office.

Bridenstine was the only lawmaker to offer to pay for the rugs out of his own pocket, telling the committee that he would like to purchase the smaller rug “at fair market value.”

But, ultimately, he decided not to keep the rugs.

“Having sought advice from the Committee on Ethics, I determined the best course of action was to return the rugs and I did so,” he said in a statement to The Post. “I also received a porcelain tea set which was valued at $87, well under the Foreign Gifts Disclosure Act rules, and an educational book and four local traditional music CDs.”

Amy Brittain, Kimbriell Kelly, Robert O’Harrow Jr. and Steven Mufson contributed to this report.",1
684,US election 2016: Can Clinton win over Republican moderates?,"Some may have expected Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton to swing further left to woo supporters of her Democratic rival Bernie Sanders ahead of the California primary on Tuesday.

Instead she came out swinging against Donald Trump in a scathing speech that made clear she's looking to appeal to a broad centre in the general election.

Billed as a national security speech, her address lacked any new proposals. Instead it was a forceful, often mocking, rebuke of the presumptive Republican nominee, as she framed her pitch in patriotic terms that could also resonate with Republicans.

Mrs. Clinton presented herself as the real defender of American values and a commander-in-chief with a steady hand who believed in America as an exceptional country.

Mr Trump on the other hand, ""believes America is weak. An embarrassment. He called our military a disaster. He said we are, and I quote, a third-world country,"" said Mrs Clinton, speaking in San Diego, a city with 95,000 military personnel.

Mrs Clinton was introduced by the spouse of an active duty naval officer and spoke with 20 US flags prominently displayed behind her.

Although still fighting a primary, Mrs. Clinton is clearly making a play for independent and Republican voters who are concerned about Mr Trump's erratic foreign policy pronouncements but also his statements on women, Mexican immigrants and Muslims. On Thursday, the head of Hispanic media relations for the Republican National Committee, Ruth Guerra, resigned.

Mrs Clinton has always had the potential to appeal to moderate Republicans turned off by their party's stance on social issues such as gay marriage, abortion and even guns, but who feel she is tough enough on foreign policy.

In late April, during her speech after her victory in the Pennsylvania primary, Mrs Clinton appealed to ""thoughtful"" Republicans, independents and Democrats to stand together against divisive candidates on the Republican side.

Although House speaker Paul Ryan finally endorsed Donald Trump on Thursday after weeks of hesitation, prominent Republicans are not rushing actively to back the presumptive Republican nominee just yet. At least nine Republican governors, and a number of senators, are steering clear from their party convention in July.

There has also been a trickle of lifelong, prominent Republicans who openly say they will vote for a Democrat for the first time in their life in November.

Mrs Clinton's message on American global leadership may not resonate widely with the GOP (Grand Old Party; Republican) base which is turning more isolationist - but it is finding an audience with many moderates and foreign policy thinkers.

On Twitter, the hashtag #RepublicansforHillary was trending for a day this week, after an interview on US cable TV with a former Reagan administration official, Doug Elmets, who said that ""four years of Hillary Clinton is better than one day with Donald Trump as president"".

Widely quoted in the US media as well was retired army colonel Peter Mansoor, a former aide to General David Petraeus during the Iraq war.

Mr Mansoor said he would be voting for Mrs Clinton not because he had converted to being a Democrat, but because Mr Trump was dangerous.

Elections are not won on Twitter and a handful of Republicans won't tip the balance in November, but the chatter on social media is bringing out voices from the Republican party silent during the raucous days of the Republican primaries and raising questions about a ripple effect.

Mr Trump has been criticised by leading names such as former secretary of defence Robert Gates, former CIA director Michael Hayden, former Bush administration spokesperson Tony Fratto, historian Max Boot and commentator David Frum, a former speechwriter for George W Bush.

Clinton campaign aides were not willing to discuss their strategy to appeal to moderate Republicans, especially while the Democratic primary is still under way. But they acknowledged there were Republicans, particularly those concerned with foreign policy issues, who could support her.

Vin Weber, a Republican strategist and former congressman who supported Jeb Bush in the primaries, said Mrs Clinton should enlist Republican advisors.

""If she were campaigning like her husband, she would move to the centre, and try to get votes that are not locked up by the Republican Party,"" said Mr Weber, who said he was still doing some hard thinking about how to vote in November.

Democratic pollster Stanley Greenberg says a recent poll shows moderate Republicans represent a ""stunning 31% of the GOP base"", what he describes the alienated third of the party.

""They are disproportionately college graduates in a white, working-class party, and they are socially liberal.""

On marriage equality, climate change or abortion rights, those GOP moderates are more in sync with the Democratic party. The poll, conducted in February when all the Republican candidates were still in the race, showed that 10% of Republican moderates would vote for Clinton.

Kori Schake, a fellow at the conservative Hoover Institution, said that Clinton's challenge would be to convince anti-Trump Republicans they actually need to vote for her - not simply refrain from voting for Mr Trump.

""Republican refuseniks are not enough to make a difference,"" she said.

Ms Schake said presenting Mr Trump as dangerous was an effective strategy, but it was also key for Mrs Clinton to frame her pitch in economic terms.

She had to press home the damage she believed a Trump presidency would cause to the economy - but to do so would require moving decisively to the right of Mr Sanders, and risk alienating many in her own party.

""I've just come back from Cuba, and I've seen what a Sanders economy looks like,"" said Ms Schake.

Mrs Clinton will seek to unify the Democratic party ahead of the convention, She will not undo the positions she has taken during the drawn-out primaries to appeal to the Democratic base.

But to win those moderates Republicans, she will now need to present herself not just as the candidate of her party's middle but of America's centre.",1
1114,Democrats clash over immigration at Florida debate,"Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton accused each other of either failing immigrants or pandering to them during a spirited debate Wednesday evening defined in part by the candidates’ most direct attacks on one another and on Republican front-runner Donald Trump.

Sanders, a senator from Vermont, said Clinton, the former secretary of state, had turned her back callously on children fleeing violence in Honduras, while he had wanted to welcome them into the United States two years ago.

“Secretary Clinton said, ‘Send them back,’ ” Sanders thundered near the start of the night.

“Misrepresentations can’t go unanswered here,” Clinton replied curtly, and she went on to say Sanders had supported the work of American “vigilantes” patrolling the southern border to stop illegal immigration. Sanders denied the charge.

The angry exchange set the tone for a two-hour debate that ranged over national and international issues and also explored the raw emotions surrounding the separation of immigrant families as the result of deportations. In front of an expressive audience at Miami Dade College, each candidate pledged to go further than President Obama to protect immigrants in the United States without proper documentation and to give them a path to achieve U.S. citizenship.

The debate, sponsored by The Washington Post and the Spanish-language network Univision, was conducted partly in Spanish, and it was unusual for the emotional notes struck by audience members who recounted personal stories of immigration difficulties and who challenged the candidates for remedies.

The session came a day after Sanders won an upset victory in Michigan by attacking Clinton as a free-trader with little regard for American jobs. In that contest he also made surprising inroads with African Americans, among Clinton’s most reliable constituencies to date.

The next big test for both candidates will come Tuesday, when Democrats — and Republicans — vote in Florida, Illinois, Missouri, North Carolina and Ohio.

The biggest prize is Florida, the site of Wednesday’s debate. The most recent polls have shown Clinton with a sizable lead over Sanders here, beating him by more than 25 points and posting strong support among Hispanics. The debate Wednesday was the last time the candidates were scheduled to be face to face before the Tuesday primaries.

Clinton sought to turn the page quickly here from her embarrassing and unexpected loss in Michigan, which appeared to slow some of her recent momentum toward the nomination.

“This is a marathon, and it’s a marathon that can only be carried out by the kind of inclusive campaign that I’m running,” Clinton said, a sidelong swipe at Sanders’s base of support among white voters.

“It was a very close race, and we’ve had some of those,” Clinton said. “I’ve won some, I’ve lost some.”

She angrily dismissed a question about whether she would quit the race if she is indicted as the result of an FBI investigation into the personal email system she set up when she was secretary of state and whether she or her senior advisers mishandled classified information as a result.

“It’s not going to happen,” she sputtered. “I’m not even going to answer that question.”

When given the chance, neither candidate took the opportunity to call Trump, the billionaire real estate developer who has a commanding lead in the race for the Republican nomination, a “racist.”

Clinton said she was disturbed by many things that Trump has said and stood for, including his call for a ban on Muslims seeking to enter the United States. She called such positions “un-American.”

“I think what he has promoted is not at all in keeping with American values,” she said. She mocked Trump’s plan to build what she called a “very tall wall” along the U.S.-Mexico border.

Sanders also stopped short of using the term “racist,” but he called Trump’s promise to deport all of the approximately 12 million immigrants who are here illegally “vulgar.”

“I think that the American people are never going to elect a president who insults Mexicans, who insults Muslims, who insults women, who insults African Americans,” Sanders said.

Immigration is an issue of keen interest in Florida, and the debate included a personal appeal from a woman in the audience, who asked in Spanish what each candidate could do to reunite families such as hers who have been divided by U.S. immigration policy.

“Ma’am, I will do everything I can to unite your family,” Sanders said. “Your children deserve to be with their mother.”

Clinton praised her “incredible act of courage” for sharing her story and said: “It’s time to bring families together.”

Clinton aggressively went after Sanders for voting against a comprehensive immigration reform bill in 2007 that was sponsored by Sen. Edward M. Kennedy (D-Mass.).

“Imagine where we would be today if we had achieved comprehensive immigration reform nine years ago,” Clinton said.

Sanders said that he had opposed the bill because of provisions on guest workers that would have kept them in working conditions he called “akin to slavery.” He noted that he voted for a 2013 bill that he said fixed some of those problems.

“They were cheated, they were abused, they were humiliated,” Sanders said.

Clinton said she doubted such a bill would have been supported by Kennedy, then-Sen. Barack Obama and herself. She was a U.S. senator from New York at the time.

“That was one of the many excuses used not to vote for the 2007 bill,” Clinton said of Sanders’s explanation.

Sanders countered that Clinton had taken less friendly positions toward undocumented immigrants on the issuing of driver’s licenses and on protecting those fleeing violence in Honduras.

The Michigan victory injected unexpected drama into a Democratic race that had seemed all but settled before Tuesday. Clinton had seemed on the verge of locking up the nomination, and her advisers maintain that is still the case.

But with Michigan, the biggest and most diverse state he has won so far, Sanders has a firmer claim to legitimacy and momentum. In pre-election polls in Michigan, Clinton had a lead of more than 20 percentage points. But on primary night, Sanders won the state by 1.5 points.

The candidates were pressed about their respective places in a race in which Clinton holds a commanding lead in the delegate count, particularly once superdelegates are factored in. With the support of those elected officials and other party leaders, Clinton has now collected 1,221 delegates to 571 for Sanders.

Sanders emphasized his signature issue — Wall Street reform and the country’s unequal distribution of wealth — and tweaked Clinton over closed-door speeches she gave to Wall Street firms after leaving the State Department.

He pushed Clinton to release the transcripts of those paid speeches she gave in the run-up to her presidential bid, including one to Goldman Sachs for which she received $225,000.

“When you get paid $225,000, that means that speech must have been an extraordinarily wonderful speech,” Sanders said, playfully saying that’s why she should share it.

Asked whether he thinks she said different things behind closed doors, Sanders said: “That is exactly what releasing the transcripts will tell us.”

Clinton countered that she has “a public record and you can look it up,” suggesting she has been tough on the financial sector.

Sanders has pledged to continue his insurgent campaign through the Democratic convention in July. Sanders’s powerful liberal appeal and proven ability to energize young supporters potentially saps enthusiasm and money from Clinton while exposing her to continued attacks that may weaken her before she ever faces a Republican opponent.

Sanders’s online fundraising prowess has all but guaranteed that he can stay in the race for as long as wants. His campaign sought to parlay his unexpected success in Michigan into another big push for donations, asking supporters to help him raise $5 million by midnight Wednesday — a feat that it said “would stun the establishment.”

Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook told reporters earlier Wednesday that the Michigan victory does not change the mathematical advantage that Clinton holds over Sanders.

“We are confident we are nearing the point where our delegate lead will essentially be insurmountable,” Mook said.",1
1037,"Who's Best For Hispanics? Clinton, Sanders Debate","MIAMI -- Fighting for Florida and beyond, Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders tangled in an intense debate Wednesday night over who's the true friend of American Hispanics, trading accusations over guest worker programs ""akin to slavery"" and the embracing of ""vigilantes"" against immigrants.

 

They had even worse things to say about Republican front-runner Donald Trump.

 

Facing off just six days before Florida gives its verdict on the presidential race, Clinton faulted Sanders for repeatedly voting against a 2007 comprehensive immigration reform bill; he faulted her for opposing a 2007 effort to let people who were in the country illegally obtain driver's licenses.

 

Had the immigration package passed back then, Clinton said, ""a lot of the issues we are still discussing today would be in the rearview mirror.""

 

Sanders retorted that he opposed the legislation because it included a guest worker program ""akin to slavery.""

 

The debate opened with a question that appeared to startle Clinton.

 

Univision's Jorge Ramos asked her if she would drop out of the race if indicted over the handling of her email while secretary of state.

 

""Oh for goodness, that is not going to happen,"" Clinton declared. ""I'm not even answering that question.""

 

The FBI is investigation the possibility of mishandling of sensitive information that passed through Clinton's private email server.

 

Sanders, as he has in the past, declined to bite on the issue, saying, ""The process will take its course."" He said he'd rather talk about the issues of wealth and income inequality.

 

Both candidates were bedding for momentum after Sanders startled Clinton with an upset victory in Michigan on Tuesday.

 

Clinton stressed that she has a strong lead in the delegates, declaring, ""This is a marathon, and it is a marathon that can only be carried by the kind of campaign I am running.""

 

Sanders said his Michigan surprise was evidence that his message is resonating.

 

""We are going to continue to do extremely well,"" he said, adding that he expects to convince superdelegates who are backing Clinton to switch to his column.

 

Immigration commanded considerable attention for good reason: Florida is home to nearly 1.8 million Hispanics, including about 15 percent of the state's Democrats.

 

Hispanic voters have made up about 10 percent of voters in the Democratic primaries so far this year, and Clinton has been getting about two-thirds of their votes to about one-third for Sanders. The Vermont senator, for his part, stresses that he's making progress on winning over younger Hispanics.

 

Clinton at one point accused Sanders of supporting legislation that would have led to indefinite detention of people facing deportation, and for standing with Minutemen vigilantes. He called that notion ""ridiculous"" and ""absurd,"" and accused Clinton of picking small pieces out of big legislative packages to distort his voting record.

 

""No, I do not support vigilantes and that is a horrific statement and an unfair statement to make,"" he said, adding: ""I will match my record against yours any day of the week.""

 

For all the disagreements, the overall tone of the candidates was considerably less tense than their Sunday faceoff. Sanders even paused at one point to make fun of his own pronunciation of ""huge"" as ""yuge.""

 

Both found agreement in pointing to GOP front-runner Trump as markedly worse on immigration than either of them.

 

Clinton mocked the Trump's plan for a wall on the Mexican border, saying he'd build ""the most beautiful tall wall, better than the great wall of China"" to be ""magically"" paid for by Mexico. That, she said, is a fantasy.

 

Sanders largely agreed, adding his hope that in the immigration debate ""we do not, as Donald Trump and others have done, resort to racism and xenophobia and bigotry.""

 

The candidates squared off soon after a testy debate in Michigan on Sunday in which they argued about trade and economic issues of particular interest in the industrial Midwest.

 

With Missouri, Illinois, Ohio among the states that will be voting on Tuesday, the candidates returned to a pointed matter they'd already argued about three days earlier, scuffling over Sanders' vote against 2009 legislation that bailed out the auto industry, among others. Sanders said he opposed the bill because it also bailed out big banks that had fueled the recession to begin with. Clinton stressed she'd made a different judgment to side with the automakers.

 

Overall, 691 delegates are at stake on Tuesday, including 99 in Florida, which awards all its delegates to the winner rather than dividing them up proportionately..

 

Clinton has won 762 pledged delegates compared to 549 for Sanders, with 10 delegates from recent primaries still to be allocated. When superdelegates are included, Clinton leads 1,223 to 574, more than halfway to the 2,383 needed to win the Democratic nomination.

 

___

 

Benac reported from Washington. AP Writers Sergio Bustos and Ken Thomas in Miami, and Hope Yen in Washington contributed to this report.

(Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed).

",1
2715,I watched Megyn Kelly for six weeks: How I learned to uncode the Fox News propaganda machine,"As numerous surveys have revealed, Fox News may be the “most-watched” cable news channel, but its viewers are older than those of its competitors (though, to be fair, the competition’s viewers are pretty old, too), and its most devoted ones are consistently conservative.  Rutenberg’s piece raised the possibility that Kelly might be able to attract younger and more ideologically diverse viewers, especially “independents” who watch Fox from time to time but are not regulars.

The magazine’s cover went so far as to suggest that Kelly’s style and departures from conservative orthodoxy might even make her appealing to … readers of the New York Times! (That appeal, such as it is, seems likely to have been undercut in recent weeks by Kelly’s bafflingly out of touch interview of the Duggars and her resort to the tired, racially coded “not exactly a saint” to describe the teenage girl knocked down by a cop in McKinney, Texas.)

These departures from orthodoxy have become legendary among close followers of the media and have earned her praise from a variety of figures outside the conservative movement.  Rutenberg calls them “Megyn moments”: occasions when she asks a conservative guest, nearly always an older white man, a sharp question that doesn’t necessarily fit within the conservative worldview.

Rutenberg’s argument struck me as dubious. While conducting research for my book on the history of TV news, I watched lots and lots of old segments and programs, including many from Fox News.  I’m pretty familiar with Bill O’Reilly, Sean Hannity, Shepard Smith and the rest of the Fox crew, including its regular pundits. But I hadn’t seen that much of Kelly.  Could Ailes really be moving away from his successful formula of pandering to Fox’s conservative base?  By watching Kelly’s program, could I learn about important subjects unreported by the Times and the other “mainstream media” that I follow?  Or perhaps acquire new and useful perspectives on things that I thought I understood?

To find out, I watched “The Kelly File” nearly day every from early March through the first week of May.  I saw her report on everything from the negotiations with Iran over its nuclear weapons program to the controversy over Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email account, and watched her interviews with Republican presidential aspirants and her coverage of the riots in Baltimore in the wake of Freddie Gray’s death. But, in the end, I wasn’t impressed — and not because Kelly is a conservative and her program trumpets conservative points of view.  The problem is that she is a conventional Fox News television anchor, and Fox News isn’t about nuance or complexity, the things I look for in news reporting and analysis.

It’s true that she is less doctrinaire than Hannity.  And she can occasionally ask good questions — though, mostly, it’s her prosecutorial style, rather than the question itself, that it is noteworthy.  Watching her regularly, however, made me realize that she’s merely a slightly different version of O’Reilly — she’s a smart, engaging television personality whose “reports” reaffirm the conservative ideology of most of her viewers.

Kelly’s biggest attribute is her personality.  She’s intelligent, down-to-earth and can poke fun at herself as well as at her guests.  And, no doubt much to Ailes’s delight, she has developed a very effective broadcasting style.  Her husky voice, quick wit and experience as a lawyer give her an admirable air of authority.  In the peculiar style favored by FNC producers, she evokes a still glamorous ex-cheerleader.  She is also a superb performer, never losing her cool or command of her program.  She’s well-suited for television journalism, and in another era, would likely have been a big star for the networks.

Sadly, however, she works for Fox News, a purveyor of a kind of television journalism that has become the norm for cable news, even among channels that eschew its conservatism.  That means covering only a few stories, usually the ones most likely to appeal to their target audience, and following them very closely over the course of the broadcast day, sometimes through live reports from the field, but mostly by allowing assorted guests to opine and pontificate about them.  At Fox News and MSNBC, anchors routinely join in the pontificating, and these breaks with old-school journalistic practice are part of their appeal.  It makes them seem “real,” and as Ailes recognized long ago, most viewers of TV news prefer this to the detachment displayed by journalists at the major networks and CNN.  And Fox at least has the ratings to prove it. Kelly is most certainly “real,” and she opines and pontificates no less than O’Reilly and Hannity.  This is why she is popular with Fox News viewers, who expect this from their prime-time anchors in particular.  But I doubt it will appeal to very many real independents (as opposed to people with largely conservative beliefs who like to think they are independents) or readers of the Times.  And this isn’t just because “The Kelly File” covers so few stories or because Kelly expresses her opinions about so many things.  The same can be said about Rachel Maddow. It’s because Kelly’s program isn’t very informative, even when she devotes attention to stories given short shrift by other news outlets.  With a handful of exceptions — usually compelling breaking news stories like the tragic Germanwings airline crash — every story Kelly and her producers select is predictable.  And, rather than exploring their complexity, Kelly and her guests dumb them down so that everything fits neatly into their viewers’ worldview. I was shocked at how few subjects, sources and points of view “The Kelly File” presents, and by her almost ritualistic recourse to the same old conservative clichés and talking points during discussion and analysis, even when more interesting and complicated angles virtually begged to be examined.  As on “The O’Reilly Factor,” the role played by liberal guests is to be flayed by the host and her allies.  Often this is easy because such guests are academics or policy wonks unaccustomed to talking in sound bites; sometimes their statements are so out of touch with reality that they almost invite ridicule.  Even those famous “Megyn moments” are too few for my liking.  And they always are followed by gracious and supportive remarks that demonstrate to viewers that Kelly is on the side of the “good guys.” Watching Kelly reminded me of what I learned while researching my book — that Fox News, particularly during prime time, really isn’t in the news business.  It’s in the entertainment business.  To a certain degree, this is true of most all television news.  But in FNC’s case, there is a difference.  Fox News’ core audience is more than just a particular slice of the larger consumer marketplace.  It’s a group of people with firm convictions and a coherent ideological worldview — not unlike orthodox Marxists back in the early 1900s.  And part of what Fox does is make this worldview seem even more coherent — and impervious to information that might undermine or contradict it.  That’s actually what its viewers want, and, from the start, Ailes and FNC have eagerly given it to them. I’m sure Ailes would like to expand FNC’s audience and win over viewers whose views are less doctrinaire.  This would be good business, and Ailes is a brilliant businessman.  But I can’t see this happening without him alienating his most loyal viewers, who prefer every story and virtually every fact filtered through the lens of ideology.  At least in present form, “The Kelly File” isn’t going to do this, despite Kelly’s undeniable appeal as a broadcaster.",1
2000,President Paul? Wall Street on high alert,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
4200,"On To Indy: Hoosier State Could Be Stand For Trump Challengers, Sanders","On To Indy: Hoosier State Could Be Stand For Trump Challengers, Sanders

Everyone knew Iowa would matter — and New Hampshire, too. The other February contests got a lot of attention, as did Super Tuesday and the mega-states like New York. And, yes, late in the season, you heard people saying, it might all come down to California.

But when did anyone know to get excited about Indiana?

It comes late in the season, with the great majority of states voting sooner and allocating the great majority of delegates, so no one seemed to give a hoot about the Hoosier State — the one and only primary on May 3.

But it has come down to this. The months of campaigning and the millions of dollars and TV hours have brought the contest to the doorstep of the Midwest. With its mix of farmland and once-mighty industrial base, Indiana looks like the last stand for die-hards in both the stop-Trump forces of the Republican Party and the populist revolt on the left of the Democratic Party.

That is because the last two weeks of events in April have combined to put front-runners Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton so far ahead in their respective parties that only the most extraordinary events could prevent their nominations.

On Tuesday night, five states voted in the East: Pennsylvania, Maryland, Connecticut, Rhode Island and Delaware. All five went big for Trump. Clinton won all but Rhode Island, several by big margins.

Trump now has about 75 percent of the delegates he needs for a first-ballot win. Clinton has about 90 percent of her nominating number, including majorities of pledged delegates and superdelegates. Both could lose all the voting events that remain through June and still reach the conventions with pluralities among the delegates.

The Associated Press says Trump now has 950 delegates to the 560 bound to his closest competitor, Ted Cruz. His lead is probably bigger than that because he is likely to claim most of the 54 delegates from Pennsylvania who are currently unbound. Trump picked up more than 100 delegates on Tuesday; Cruz got three.

Similarly, on the Democratic side, the AP shows Clinton with 1,618 pledged delegates to 1,267 for Bernie Sanders. In addition, she can fall back on her fantastic cushion of superdelegates, the elected and party officials who have given 519 commitments to Clinton and just 39 to Sanders, so far. It is likely the remaining superdelegates will be similarly disposed to Clinton, and the campaign will unveil their commitments at an advantageous time.

Sanders pledged Tuesday night to fight on ""until the last vote is cast."" That could mean the last vote in the primaries on June 7, or it could mean the last vote at the convention in Philadelphia in late July. Either way, Sanders was no longer talking about ""a path to victory,"" but rather a truly progressive platform for the party. In the meantime, he wants to keep his movement together and as robust as possible on the road to the convention. So he keeps running.

To re-energize his drive for his remaining goals, Sanders well might focus on Indiana, where he has campaigned in recent days. Distrust of Washington and Wall Street is strong along the Wabash, and distress over trade deals thrives on the shores of Lake Michigan to the north. Recent polling in the state has shown Sanders within striking distance of Clinton in Indiana, trailing by about the same margin as Cruz trails Trump.

For her part, Clinton in her victory remarks Tuesday made clear her confidence in winning. But she was gracious to Sanders and moved in his direction on several issues, including the role of money in politics, adding once again that ""there is much more that unites us than divides us.""

On the Republican side, though, the drive for unity has yet to begin. Both Cruz and Kasich remain in the race. Trump opponents from both the establishment and the ""movement conservative"" media continue to search for other options, including means to force the nomination process beyond a first ballot.

With Tuesday's results, however, Cruz has no mathematical chance for a first-ballot victory, and Kasich's was extinguished a month ago. To even keep his flame flickering, Cruz must overtake Trump in Indiana next week and forge a miraculous late-inning comeback.

Indiana is key for Cruz because it has many voters who identify as very conservative or evangelical, two groups with whom he has done well elsewhere. It is also the test of Cruz's eleventh-hour alliance with rival Kasich. Cruz agreed not to campaign in late-voting Oregon and New Mexico if Kasich would stay out of Indiana. Kasich acceded, although his description of the deal has cast doubt on its terms and effectiveness.

At this moment, it is a popular idea among many campaign watchers that Cruz struck the deal to get Kasich out of the way in Indiana and give himself the one-on-one showdown with Trump he's been wanting all along. Who knows? By the time Oregon and New Mexico roll around, Kasich might not even be in the race.

Trump had belittled the Cruz-Kasich pact in recent days and dismissed both his rivals Tuesday night. Anointing himself the ""presumptive nominee,"" he proceeded to turn his guns on Clinton. ""All she has is the woman card,"" he said. ""And the thing is, women don't like her. ... If she were a man, I doubt she'd have more than 5 percent of the vote.""

Clinton seemed to have anticipated that attack earlier in the evening, saying: ""If fighting for paid family leave and equal pay is playing the woman card, then deal me in.""",1
2704,Blaming the media for Trump: Why that utterly misses a political upheaval,"With Donald Trump closing in on the Republican nomination in Indiana today, there is a new wave of finger-pointing to assess blame for this allegedly horrible outcome.

And those who fault the media are having one last hurrah.

Nowhere is this more evident than on the cover of Politico Magazine, which features Trump facing a media mob with the headline: “What Have We Done?”

It’s a study in self-flagellation, this argument that Trump would not be where he is today without being propped up by the press. Many of his detractors refuse to acknowledge that a non-politician is winning this thing by getting a record number of GOP primary votes, so the thing must be rigged by reporters.

Politico’s special media issue is so packed with anti-Trump essays that there is little attempt at balance. One exception is media writer Jack Shafter, who says the blame game “gives too much credit to the media and too little credit to Donald Trump.”

But then there’s reporter Ben Schreckinger, who became the fulltime Trump correspondent despite the fact that working for Politico is his first job out of college. Perhaps that’s why he is so angry at criticism from Trump and his deputies and a lack of access, both of which are standard fare in the political big leagues.

Former New York Post gossip writer Susan Mulcahy argues that Trump used to lie to her and once gave a scoop to the New York Times rather than confirm it to her.

But the most important article is by Campbell Brown, the former CNN and NBC anchor, who I like and respect: “Why I Blame TV for Trump.”

Now you have to factor in that Brown cannot abide Trump. She calls him a chronic liar, a misogynist, shockingly ignorant, and a man who condones violence. So this is the writing of an outspoken critic.

Brown says TV news is rolling over for The Donald: “Trump doesn’t force the networks to show his rallies live rather than do real reporting. Nor does he force anyone to accept his phone calls rather than demand that he do a face-to-face interview that would be a greater risk for him. TV news has largely given Trump editorial control. It is driven by a hunger for ratings—and the people who run the networks and the news channels are only too happy to make that Faustian bargain.”

This, aside from the business about “real reporting,” is a fair point. Trump’s rallies got so much more live coverage than any of his competitors that it gave him an unfair advantage.

Brown misses the old “800-pound gorillas of TV news” like Tom Brokaw, who could push back against commercial decisions. But of course, the broadcast networks don’t cover politics in a major way and have ceded that turf to cable.

“So yes, I believe Trump’s candidacy is largely a creation of a TV media that wants him, or needs him, to be the central character in this year’s political drama,” she writes. “And it’s not just the network and cable executives driving it. The TV anchors and senior executives who don’t deliver are mercilessly ousted. The ones who do deliver are lavishly rewarded. I know from personal experience that it is common practice for TV anchors to have substantial bonuses written into their contracts if they hit ratings marks. With this 2016 presidential soap opera, they are almost surely hitting those marks. So, we get all Trump, all the time.”

Here’s what Brown, who candidly admitted she left CNN because she couldn’t match the ratings of Fox and MSNBC, is missing:

Trump has seized much of the “free” air time by doing many, many more interviews than his rivals, and by driving the campaign dialogue—which all candidates try to do but are usually too cautious or dull to pull off.

Many reporters have dug hard into Trump’s businesses, his rhetoric, his promises, his contradictions—but these stories and segments have done little to dent his lead. He is seemingly impervious to most media criticism, in part because his supporters don’t trust the press, but it’s not for lack of trying.

A huge portion of the media attention lavished on Trump is harshly negative, often from conservative and liberal commentators who oppose him on ideological grounds. Trump punches back hard, especially on Twitter, though he’s toned it down of late. The billionaire actually benefits from denunciations by those his supporters view as members of a failed media/political establishment.

And don’t forget how the Huffington Post and New York’s Daily News have demonized Trump from the beginning, or all the mainstream media pundits who spent months insisting he was a sideshow, that he would fade, that this or that controversial remark would produce his imminent demise.

There is much to criticize in the media’s coverage of Donald Trump. But to say the media were the engine that powered his candidacy is to miss the way he overpowered his rivals and forged a connection with millions of Republican voters.

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
2896,Obama's big new resolution on ISIS is really about limiting presidential power,"President Obama sent a draft Authorization for the Use of Military Force to Congress on Wednesday afternoon, seeking a vote on the formal legal authorization of a limited military campaign against ISIS. It's a move that's roiling Capitol Hill and leaving many of his co-partisans a bit puzzled. As one aide to a backbench Democrat put it to me, ""why is he doing this?""

After all, in an exclusive interview with Vox published earlier this week, Obama observed that ""I have the authority as commander-in-chief to send back 200,000 Americans to re-occupy Iraq"" if he wants to:

A 2001 resolution passed in the wake of the 9/11 attacks gives the president broad authority if he wants to use it, and this new, more limited resolution the president is asking for doesn't repeal it. That makes the whole thing look pointless to members of congress who don't want to deal with it. But to a president interested in his legacy, the proposed ISIS AUMF is an important step toward re-engaging congress with questions of war and peace — and toward addressing some still-unresolved issues in executive power raised back in 2001.

One key figure here is Denis McDonough, who is unusual for a White House Chief of Staff in that he has a background that is primarily on foreign policy issues, and is unusual for a foreign policy specialist in having spent his formative years on Capitol Hill. When Barack Obama arrived in the Senate in 2005, he was in an unusually favorable position to attract talented congressional staff. Democrats had taken a beating in both the 2002 and 2004 cycles, so lots of people needed jobs. As a promising freshman, he was able to hire Pete Rouse, who just the year before had been chief of staff to Democratic Senate Leader Tom Daschle. McDonough came into Obama's orbit during the 2008 campaign through Rouse, having been Daschle's senior foreign policy aide during 9/11 and the debate over invading Iraq.

This is not a time primarily remembered by the world as an era of legislative sausage-making. But of course things looked different to Daschle and his team.

The former Senate leader recounts in his 2004 book Like No Other Time that he worried the Bush administration's initial draft AUMF in the wake of 9/11 ""was a blank check to go anywhere, anytime against anyone the Bush administration or any subsequent administration deemed capable of carrying out an attack."" Daschle writes of a ""frenetic series of discussions"" he carried out with the White House, aimed at crafting ""language that gave the President the authority he needed without making that authority unlimited.""

Later, discussing Iraq, Daschle focuses less on the specifics of WMD intelligence or regional strategy than on how ""our staffs were negotiating quite intensely with the President's people to hammer out some kind of agreement"" on AUMF language, and his disappointment that this proved more difficult than the earlier one.

In practice, however, that hard work put into the 2001 AUMF hasn't panned out McDonough and others who worked in congress to ensure the grant of authority was limited. Both the Bush and Obama administrations have used its legal authority to mount military campaigns not only in Afghanistan but across the border in Pakistan, and then around the world from Yemen to Somalia to Libya.

While Obama has been promiscuous in the range of military targets he's selected, he's also been relatively restrained in terms of the quantity of military force he's willing to apply to any given problem. His successor, except in the very unlikely event of a Rand Paul win, is quite likely to be more hawkish. And Obama's willingness to stretch the meaning of the 2001 AUMF to encompass a wide range of violent Islamist organizations with no real connection to the 9/11 attack creates a legal principle that could underwrite all kinds of things. Obama has no intention of dispatching hundreds of thousands of troops to Nigeria to fight Boko Haram. But under the prevailing legal order he — or more to the point, his successor — could.

Osama bin Laden has been dead for years now. But it seems clear at this point that a range of violent groups with different degrees of practical and ideological cross-linkages will be a feature of the world for quite a long time. Vaguely worded AUMFs, in that context, tilt the balance of power toward executive discretion and away from congressional involvement.

Obama's proposed ISIS AUMF doesn't alter the problematic 2001 AUMF. But it does take three important steps back from the brink of a forever war scenario.

In a practical sense, of course, Obama's hands remain untied — which is part of why the debate is vexing to Congressional Democrats who'd rather deal with other things.

But in a political sense, it's a proof of concept. The history of executive-congressional relations on national security is dominated by congress alternating between periods of assertion (notably in the wake of Watergate, but also during the Reagan years with regards to Central America, and in the early 1930s) and periods of abdication. Presidents deliberately trying to jolt Congress into limiting executive authority are very rare. But with his term in office coming to an end, Obama wants to do just that — with an eye toward limiting not just his own authority, but his successor's.",1
4437,ISIS activity prompts threat level increase at bases,"Washington (CNN) Security conditions at U.S. military bases have been increased over growing concerns about terror threats, officials said Friday.

A U.S. official confirmed to CNN that U.S. military bases are now at ""Force Protection Bravo,"" which is defined by the Pentagon as an ""increased and predictable threat of terrorism."" It is the third-highest threat level on a five-tier scale used by the Department of Defense.

U.S. military officials added Friday that the announcement, which comes in the aftermath of the shooting at a Texas cartoon contest featuring drawings of the Prophet Mohammed, was not the result of a specific threat but because the military had become concerned about several recent incidents.

The military became alarmed when one of the jihadists linked to the Garland attack tweeted the name and address of a U.S. military officer connected to the military's Syrian rebel training program, a U.S. military official told CNN.

The tweet, first published on an account connected to British-born jihadist Junaid Hussain, was sent out a few days before the attack on the cartoon exhibit and appeared to encourage an attack on the address.

Hussain is the same jihadist who is also believed, according to U.S. law enforcement officials, to have been messaging with Elton Simpson, one of the two attackers of the Texas event, and had been urging Simpson to take action.

That followed the publishing several weeks ago on ISIS-connected accounts of the name and addresses of about 100 military members.

On Thursday, FBI Director James Comey told reporters that there are thousands of ISIS, also known as ISIL, followers online in the U.S.

""We have a general concern, obviously, that ISIL is focusing on the uniformed military and law enforcement,"" Comey told reporters Thursday.

The order to upgrade the threat level was signed by Admiral William Gortney, head of the U.S. Northern Command, which oversees all U.S. military installations in the continental U.S. The security order affects 3,200 sites, including bases, National Guard facilities, recruiting stations and health clinics, a Pentagon official said.

""We have the same concern about the potential threat posed by violent homegrown extremists,"" said Captain Jeff Davis, spokesman for the U.S. Northern Command, or NORTHCOM.

Davis declined to specify the new security measures.

But the change in threat level status could mean more checks of vehicles entering bases, and more thorough identity checks of all personnel. Davis emphasized that ""this is the new normal, that we are going to have increased vigilance and force protection. We seek to be unpredictable.""

A U.S. military official said the order to raise the force protection level to Bravo also applies to all National Guard installations, recruiting stations, and ROTC detachments, though practically speaking, the official acknowledges it will be difficult for the ROTC detachments to do much more than security awareness.

In addition, security was raised recently at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base near Dayton, Ohio, in response to a perceived threat to the base security, another U.S. military official said. The threat was never deemed credible, but it came after another security concern at a base in Delaware used by Vice President Joe Biden when he flies home.

On Friday, Wright-Patterson announced that the Air Force museum, which is part of the base, was canceling a planned Friday night concert and was stopping tours that were regularly offered until further notice. The base said this was ""due to elevated security measures.""

Since NORTHCOM was established in October 2002, the threat level has reached Bravo on four occasions: Feb. 9, 2003, amid concerns al Qaeda was planning attacks on American targets; Dec. 21, 2003, when officials were concerned about attacks during the holiday season; May 1, 2011, in the aftermath of the raid that killed Osama bin Laden; and the 10th anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks.

It reached ""Delta,"" its highest level, on Sept. 11, 2001, Pentagon officials told CNN at the time.",1
3243,Several Republican players moving quickly to signal intent to run in 2016,"Less than two months after the 2014 elections, the 2016 Republican presidential race is taking clear shape — with several major players moving quickly to carve out their space (and maybe keep others from carving it up) in the contest.

No one typifies that early movement better than former Florida governor Jeb Bush, who has formed a leadership PAC, said he is actively exploring a presidential bid and resigned all his roles on corporate and nonprofit boards.

That flurry of activity took Bush from “well, maybe he might run” to “he’s definitely running” in the minds of Republican activists, political professionals and potential rivals.

And he was far from the only one. Outgoing Texas Gov. Rick Perry, who flopped in his 2012 presidential bid, has made it clear for many months that he plans another run for the White House. Ditto his Lone Star State colleague Sen. Ted Cruz. Sen. Rand Paul (Ky.) has been aggressively organizing for his presidential bid almost since arriving in the Senate in 2011.

On Saturday, former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee joined that growing group by announcing that he was ending his show on Fox News Channel to seriously consider running for president.

“As much as I have loved doing the show, I cannot bring myself to rule out another presidential run,” Huckabee said in a statement on his Web site Saturday night. “I say goodbye, but as we say in television, stay tuned. There’s more to come.”

All the sudden movement — particularly from Bush and Huckabee — has the potential to dramatically alter the face of the just-beginning race to be the next Republican presidential nominee.

Bush is, without question, the favorite son of the GOP establishment — a group that includes, most important, many of the major donors who helped propel his brother George, Sen. John McCain (Ariz.) and Mitt Romney to the Republican nomination over the past decade and a half.

Although no one has said that Bush being in means they are out — Sen. Marco Rubio (Fla.), a Bush protege, has been most outspoken about that — there’s no debate that Bush takes up lots of space that others would like to occupy.

Rubio, Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, Ohio Gov. John Kasich, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie are all affected — to varying degrees — by Bush’s aggressive move toward the race. And it’s hard not to see the decision by Sen. Rob Portman (Ohio) not to run — announced in late 2014 — as anything other than a reaction to the increasing likelihood that Bush is in.

The effect of Huckabee’s active consideration of the contest is less obvious than Bush’s, but no less important. Although it has been more than six years since he last ran for president, Huckabee remains the preferred candidate of the same social conservatives who propelled him to a surprise win in the 2008 Iowa caucuses.

Huckabee’s appeal among social conservatives — particularly in Iowa — will mix up the plans of people such as Cruz, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and former senator Rick Santorum (Pa.), who won Iowa in 2012.

So, why all the early movement in the 2016 race?

At one level, it’s not all that unusual. Remember that then-Iowa Gov. Tom Vilsack (D) got into the 2008 presidential race just two days after the 2006 election ended .

But Bush and Huckabee are not the long shots that Vilsack clearly was. (Vilsack was out of the race by February 2007, before most people knew he had gotten in.) Both are well-known figures who rank at or near the top of most national polling on the race.

Their decisions to move as aggressively as they have is probably the result of two major factors: fundraising and Hillary Clinton.

To raise north of $75 million, which looks like the floor of what it might require to win the Republican nomination, takes lots and lots of time. (Romney raised and spent $76.6 million to capture the nomination in 2012.) The sooner a candidate starts building a national cash-collection operation — not to mention infrastructures in early states — the better.

Then there is Clinton, who looms as the near-certain Democratic presidential nominee — a fundraising and polling juggernaut who is striking fear in the hearts of Republicans who fret about the prospect of spending 16 straight years without control of the White House.

Clinton’s lack of any serious primary competition should — emphasis on should — allow her to not only conserve cash but also position herself message-wise for the general election almost from the minute she becomes a candidate. (No, her running isn’t a done deal. But it’s damn close.)

The GOP knows that, and the party has acted to counter that edge — seeking to limit the number of presidential primary debates and strictly control the nominating calendar in hopes of producing a nominee sooner rather than later.

Some of the major Republican candidates are following that lead — trying to get the jump on their potential competitors and prove their readiness to take on (and take down) Clinton in the general election.

What remains to be seen is what the early actions by Bush and Huckabee — among others — mean for the race as it goes forward. Does Bush keep other establishment candidates out? Does Huckabee actually run, and, if so, what does that mean for Cruz and Santorum? How will the Republican electorate react to such a quick-starting race?

More questions than answers. But if the early pace of the 2016 field is any indicator, we will get answers sooner than you might think.",1
3161,How Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell took such different approaches to supporting Donald Trump,"House Speaker Paul D. Ryan’s deepest ideological instincts were formed in the conservative movement of the 1980s. “You have to understand, I come from the conservative wing of the party, I’m a movement conservative,” the Wisconsin Republican told a small group of reporters soon after becoming speaker.

Three weeks later, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) explained that his first instincts were to help get his endangered Republican incumbents reelected, right down to scheduling votes on legislation. “Our majority will be maintained only if we do well in purple states,” McConnell said in a December interview with The Washington Post.

That distance between two of the three most important Republicans in the nation is at the core of how Ryan and McConnell came to such different conclusions about what to do about the emergence of the other most powerful Republican: Donald Trump.

On Wednesday evening, 24 hours after Trump won the Indiana primary and knocked out his remaining presidential contenders, McConnell released a tepid statement saying he would support the nominee. By Thursday afternoon Ryan appeared on CNN to question Trump’s conservative credentials on key policy positions, lambaste his campaign of “belittlement” toward women and minorities, and said he was not yet prepared to support Trump.

[Ryan says he is ‘not ready’ to back Trump, deepening GOP divide]

That Ryan-McConnell split also explains a broader divide among Republicans here in Washington. Much of the Republican political class is coming to terms with the inevitable — Trump will be their nominee — and figuring out how best to handle what they consider a bad situation.

But for the idealists — some say ideologues — who came of age worshiping the Ronald Reagan doctrine of free markets, strong national defense and an optimistic “shining city upon a hill” tone, they cannot countenance Trump taking over what they still consider a conservative party.

Ryan, 46, is very much in this wing of the party. He cited his late political mentor, Jack Kemp, a 1980s congressman whose optimistic economic vision became a bedrock conservative principle, in his declaration that “I’m not there yet” in supporting Trump.

Today’s conservative intelligentsia has been so flummoxed by Trump’s ascendancy because, on so many issues, he is squarely against Ryan’s worldview. Trump is ready to start trade wars with China and other nations, rather than support trade deals that Ryan himself helped craft as a committee chairman before he became speaker. Trump has criticized lawmakers for considering sweeping changes to Social Security and Medicare, the very issues that sparked the rise of Ryan when he released budgets with optimistic titles like “Pathway to Prosperity” that included radical changes in entitlement policy.

Perhaps the only thing they seem to share these days is a love of the media and the back-and-forth jousting it provides — yet Trump uses his TV appearances to advance slash-and-burn tactics with opponents, while Ryan frequents shows to talk about a “confident America” with bold conservative ideas to help the poor.

“A lot of Republicans want to see is that we have a standard bearer that bears our standards,” Ryan told Jake Tapper on CNN’s “The Lead” Thursday.

[Ryan tries to pivot from “disheartened state of politics"" – without ever mentioning Donald Trump]

What’s stunning to these Reagan-worshiping disciples is that a lot of Republican voters don’t want someone who bears Ryan’s standards. Trump did not just win the nomination, but he has, quite simply, routed the field.

“The man has won over 10 million votes,” said Josh Holmes, a top political adviser to McConnell. That’s more votes than any Republican ever in a presidential primary.

Looking at that equation, McConnell made a different, highly tactical decision on Trump. Sticking by his previous assurances he would support the nominee, McConnell said that the businessman had some work ahead of him. “As the presumptive nominee, he now has the opportunity and the obligation to unite our party around our goals,” McConnell said in a brief statement.

Advisers to both GOP leaders confirmed that each side knew ahead of time what was coming. Ryan’s and McConnell’s chiefs of staff, David Hoppe and Sharon Soderstrom, are close friends who first worked together in the 1980s. They remain in close contact over each decision, and did so this week.

Where Ryan saw Trump’s ideological apostasies, McConnell saw a simple reality that he needs to make the best of: Trump no longer has any opponent and he’s going to be the nominee, collecting votes from tens of millions of Americans in November.

It’s time to figure out how those endangered Republicans — eight of whom are facing tough competition in states that will also be presidential battlegrounds — can appeal to middle-of-the-road voters who will ultimately tip the balance in their races but also not alienate the Trump supporters.

“McConnell has never spent a lot of time wringing his hands about situations he cannot control,” Holmes said. “His job is to run the Senate and help his members and stay out of their way as they navigate their state’s politics.”

Some Washington insiders suggested that Ryan’s move gave endangered House Republicans cover to take similar positions and steer clear of Trump questions. Instead, Democrats said Ryan gave them the freedom to keep asking, almost daily, whether Trump had “earned” their vote, a position that Rep. Barbara Comstock (R-Va.) took Friday in her suburban battleground district.

“This starts an alarm clock that will go off eventually,” Matt Thornton, communications director for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, said. “By setting up the ‘earn my vote’ standard, Republicans are only begging the question, ‘OK, what does that mean?’ When will Trump earn your vote?”

McConnell considers himself an artful tactician who rarely hands his opponents a weapon to use against him. Ever since Ryan began talking about drafting a “bold” agenda for Republicans, McConnell has given polite public support without any assurances his candidates would support it, lest some proposal be too far reaching for any of them.

“Before taking up measures, I’m going to be in consultation with my members, and it is a fact that we have a number of members up in purple states this year,” McConnell said in December.

Ryan never held back, promising early on a vision based on his upbringing under Kemp. “The conservative movement is beginning to concentrate itself on the fact that 2016 is everything, and the best way to have the best outcome is to unify by applying our principles to ideas and offering an agenda. So to me, the best path to unify is to propose and offer an exciting agenda,” the new speaker told reporters back in November.

It’s just no longer clear which Republicans agree with the exciting agenda Paul Ryan wants to craft.",1
3323,VA secretary asks Iraq War veteran: 'What have you done?',"Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald on Wednesday asked a Republican lawmaker who served in both Iraq wars, ""What have you done?"" as the two men sparred over huge cost overruns at a troubled Denver VA hospital.

McDonald was defending the VA's budget at a hearing when he and Colorado Rep. Mike Coffman tussled over construction delays and cost increases at the long-delayed hospital project.

After a few minutes of arguing, McDonald snapped at Coffman: ""I've run a large company, sir. What have you done?""

Coffman, an Army veteran, did not respond at the hearing. But the four-term lawmaker said in a statement later that he could tell McDonald a few things he hasn't done.

""I have never run a federal agency that tolerates corruption the way the VA has. I've never built a hospital that's years behind schedule and hundreds of millions over budget. And I've never been a shill for inept bureaucrats who allowed American heroes to die on a medical waiting list,"" he said.

The last comment was a reference to a wait-time scandal that cost former VA Secretary Eric Shinseki his job. McDonald, a former Procter & Gamble CEO, took over as VA secretary in July. He has vowed to improve VA's delivery of services such as health care and disability benefits and make it a ""model"" for other government agencies.

The dust-up started when Coffman criticized the VA for citing its legal efforts to defend the Denver hospital project as a major accomplishment.

""How is that a success?"" Coffman asked. ""You lost that case on every single point for the hospital in my district that is hundreds of millions of dollars over budget and years behind schedule.""

""I think that that's just characteristic of your glossing over the extraordinary problems confronted by your department,"" Coffman added. ""This is a department mired in bureaucratic incompetence and corruption.""

McDonald said he was offended by Coffman's remarks and noted that he had only been on the job for six months.

""You've been here longer than I have. If there's a problem in Denver, I think you own it more than I do,"" he told Coffman.

McDonald then offered to give Coffman his cellphone, ""and you can answer some of the calls and see if I'm making a difference for veterans.""",1
3414,Updated: Sandoval not interested in potential Supreme Court nomination,"Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval announced Thursday morning that he's declining a possible nomination for the U.S. Supreme Court.

“Earlier today, I notified the White House that I do not wish to be considered at this time for possible nomination to the Supreme Court of the United States,"" Sandoval said in a statement Thursday. ""I have also spoken to Senators Reid, Heller and McConnell and expressed the same desire to them. The notion of being considered for a seat on the highest court in the land is beyond humbling and I am incredibly grateful to have been mentioned.""

The White House declined to say Thursday whether Sandoval was ever seriously considered in the first place.

“Even after the fact, I’m not going to get into a lot of details about who's on the president's list and who is not,” White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said.

Nevada's senior U.S. senator, Harry Reid, recommended Sandoval for President Barack Obama's consideration in filling a vacant seat on the Supreme Court. News of Sandoval's vetting leaked to the public on Wednesday as the White House considered Sandoval, among other unidentified candidates, for the nomination.

Reid's office did not comment Thursday on Sandoval's withdrawal.

Sandoval's ultimate nomination was seen by many as unlikely, with his name suggested to pressure Republicans into considering a nominee from their own party. Sandoval, formerly a federal district court judge, is a moderate Republican.

Since the death of Justice Antonin Scalia earlier this month, Republican leaders in the Senate have vowed to block any of the president's proposed replacements.

“I really do think it was a serious idea for him to be considered,” said Richardson, professor of sociology and judicial studies at the University of Nevada, Reno. ""I don’t think he was being used as a pawn.""

Still, Richardson sees why Sandoval would remove himself once his name leaked. Sandoval has been thrown into a political brawl between Republicans and Democrats, he said.

""I can understand why the governor wouldn’t want to get caught up in that,"" Richardson said. ""I think, in the future, his name will be brought up again. He's a moderate Republican. They're thin on the ground these days.”

Sandoval is not a textbook Republican. He does not actively oppose gay marriage or abortion, and he recently pushed through the largest tax increase in Nevada history.

Nevada's Republican Sen. Dean Heller said he supports Sandoval's decision to withdraw from Supreme Court consideration, but he views Sandoval as a legitimate candidate.

""I hope the next president will consider him in the future,"" Heller said in a statement on Thursday.

Even if Sandoval was a serious contender for the Supreme Court, history suggests his chances are slim. Twenty-one justices have been appointed to the U.S. Supreme Court since 1956, and they share similar backgrounds, according to The Supreme Court Historical Society.

Two-thirds of Supreme Court justices attended either Harvard or Yale law schools. A couple earned their law degrees at Northwestern or Stanford universities. Columbia University, Howard University and the St. Paul College of Law made isolated appearances.

Of the eight members currently serving on the Supreme Court, four earned their law degrees at Harvard, three went to Yale and one attended Columbia.

Sandoval earned his degree at Ohio State University Moritz College of Law in 1989.",1
856,How Bernie Sanders beat the polls and won Indiana,"For the second week in a row, there was a temporary glitch in the Associated Press’s election night data. On Tuesday, that glitch was to Hillary Clinton’s favor, showing her with 2,000 more votes in Vigo County, Indiana, than she actually had. That gave Clinton a giant margin in early returns, vastly at odds with what exit polls showed — and far bigger than the 7-point margin she enjoyed in the final polling average from RealClearPolitics.

Within minutes, the wrong numbers in Vigo County were erased, and, over the next hour or so, Clinton’s remaining lead started to vanish. It wasn’t until about two hours after polls closed — at about the same time that Ted Cruz dropped out of the Republican race, all but handing the nomination to Donald Trump — that the Democratic race in Indiana was called for Bernie Sanders. He’d beaten the polls, as he did in nearby Michigan — and probably, once all the votes are in, by a wider margin.

After Sanders lost five of six races over the last two weeks and won only the small state of Rhode Island, the Indiana win was no doubt a welcome psychological boost. But why did Sanders win Michigan and Indiana, while losing other Midwestern states such as Missouri (narrowly), Illinois and Ohio?

Unlike in the Republican contests, there have been pretty consistent patterns that have defined the Democratic matchups. Bernie Sanders consistently does better with younger and more liberal voters; Clinton does better with older, more moderate and black voters.

In Indiana, preliminary exit poll data reported by CNN showed that the electorate in the state was more likely to identify as liberal than in other Midwestern states, and less likely to identify as moderate. What’s more, the change since 2008 was much larger than in those other states.

But Sanders also won Michigan, where there were relatively few voters who identified as liberal.

The best predictor of outcomes to date is how many black voters came to the polls. There’s been a correlation between how many black people live in a state and how well Hillary Clinton has done there, an effect that’s slightly stronger in states with closed primaries (meaning that independents, who strongly back Sanders, can’t vote). Indiana’s population was right at the inflection point of those curves, right at the point where you’d expect a close race.

On Tuesday night, the percentage of the electorate that was black was slightly lower than the average of all contests for which we have polling data so far, but not dramatically so. Black voters preferred Clinton by a 3-to-1 margin. But white voters — nearly three-quarters of the electorate — leaned heavily toward Sanders, giving him nearly six in 10 of their votes. (On average so far, the two have been equally matched, about 50-50.) Sanders also did better with the upper end of the young-voter bracket, a group that turned out more heavily than they did in 2008. Those two shifts made the difference.

It wasn’t totally unexpected that Sanders would pull out a win in the state, despite the polls being against him. FiveThirtyEight’s model, which looks at racial composition and the type of primary, figured that Sanders would win by 7 points — slightly more than where it is right now.

Despite Sanders’s win, and despite slightly narrowing the delegate gap with Clinton, Sanders’s position for winning the nomination actually got worse. He needed, by our estimates, to win 64.9 percent of the delegates to stay on track to pass Hillary Clinton. He'll end up getting somewhere around 53 percent of them, if current figures hold. Meaning that he’ll need even more of what remains in order to possibly pass Clinton’s pledged delegate total — demonstrating again why doing so is a nearly impossible feat. (The Indiana results also made it impossible for Sanders to clinch the nomination with pledged delegates.)

What’s particularly remarkable about the night’s results is that Donald Trump was expected to win, did, and knocked Ted Cruz out of the race. Hillary Clinton was expected to win and didn’t, and Bernie Sanders soldiers on despite underperforming on the delegates he needs in order to win and despite the fundamentals of the Democratic race having not changed in nearly two months.

Part of that loops back to the way the Democratic race is divisive in the way the Republican race isn’t. There are very passionate groups of supporters for Bernie Sanders that want him to keep fighting. So he’ll keep fighting.

And, as with Tuesday night, occasionally winning.",1
3421,Joe Biden in 1992: No nominations to the Supreme Court in an election year,"Senate Republicans determined to block President Obama’s promised Supreme Court nominee embraced an unlikely ally Monday: Vice President Biden.

More precisely, they embraced a fourth-term Sen. Joseph R. Biden Jr. (D-Del.) who, while serving in 1992 as chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, delivered a sprawling, 90-minute floor address that included a call for halting action on Supreme Court nominees in an election year.

Biden delivered his remarks in late June, as the court approached the end of its term — the traditional season for retirement announcements — and as President George H.W. Bush waged an uphill campaign for a second term amid an economic slowdown and sinking approval ratings.

[[In 1992, Joe Biden called for an election-year blockade of Supreme Court nominations]]

Were there a vacancy, Biden argued, Bush should “not name a nominee until after the November election is completed,” and if he did, “the Senate Judiciary Committee should seriously consider not scheduling confirmation hearings on the nomination until after the political campaign season is over.”

“Senate consideration of a nominee under these circumstances is not fair to the president, to the nominee, or to the Senate itself,” he continued. “Where the nation should be treated to a consideration of constitutional philosophy, all it will get in such circumstances is partisan bickering and political posturing from both parties and from both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue.”

Biden, as vice president, has called in recent days for the Senate to take up the nomination Obama promises to make to replace Justice Antonin Scalia, who was found dead Feb. 13 in Texas.

“To leave the seat vacant at this critical moment in American history is a little bit like saying, ‘God forbid something happen to the president and the vice president, we’re not going to fill the presidency for another year and a half,’ ” he told Minnesota Public Radio on Thursday.

Biden said Monday in a statement that the 1992 speech pertained to “a hypothetical vacancy” and that the excerpt Republicans highlighted was “not an accurate description of my views on the subject.”

“In the same statement critics are pointing to today, I urged the Senate and White House to work together to overcome partisan differences to ensure the Court functions as the Founding Fathers intended,” he said. “That remains my position today.”

Republicans wasted no time highlighting Biden’s long-forgotten remarks. The current Judiciary Committee chairman, Sen. Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa), rose on the Senate floor Monday afternoon to deliver fulsome praise for Biden and the newly unearthed speech.

Grassley set out what he called “Biden Rules”: There ought to be no presidential Supreme Court nominations in an election year, and if there is such a nomination, the Senate ought to “seriously consider” not holding hearings on the nominee.

In the 10 days since Scalia’s death, politicians of both parties have been forced to square their current positions on whether or not to confirm Obama’s promised nominee with their past statements on judicial nominations.

For instance, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), who now favors leaving the nomination to Obama’s successor, has been confronted with a 45-year-old law review article in which he suggested that “political matters” should not be relevant to the Senate’s consideration of a Supreme Court nomination.

But Biden’s remarks were especially pointed, voluminous and relevant to the current situation. Embedded in the roughly 20,000 words he delivered on the Senate floor that day were rebuttals to virtually every point Democrats have brought forth in the past week to argue for the consideration of Obama’s nominee.

Biden anticipated, for instance, that he would be accused of blockading an embattled Republican president’s nominees out of political expediency. “That would not be our intention,” he said. “Instead, it would be our pragmatic conclusion that once the political season is under way, and it is, action on a Supreme Court nomination must be put off until after the election campaign is over. That is what is fair to the nominee and is central to the process.”

And he dismissed fears that an eight-member court could not effectively function: “The cost of such a result — the need to reargue three or four cases that will divide the justices four to four — are quite minor compared to the cost that a nominee, the president, the Senate, and the nation would have to pay for what would assuredly be a bitter fight, no matter how good a person is nominated by the president.”

As Biden’s remarks circulated Monday, one Republican senator broke with his colleagues to call for hearings and an up-or-down vote on Obama’s nominee. Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois, who faces a difficult campaign this year in a Democratic state, said in a Chicago Sun-Times op-ed that he could support “a nominee who can bridge differences, a nominee who finds common ground and a nominee who does not speak or act in the extreme.”

But, by and large, Kirk’s GOP colleagues have held the line and have refused to even entertain the possibility of confirming a justice this year. One Judiciary Committee Republican who has backed some Obama nominees, Jeff Flake of Arizona, said Monday he would not vote to confirm a replacement for Scalia this year.

“This is not about the potential nominee,” Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-Tex.) said Monday. “This is about who chooses.”

At the White House, press secretary Josh Earnest said President Obama made additional phone calls in recent days to lawmakers from both parties, including some on the Senate Judiciary Committee, to discuss his ongoing deliberations and plans for selecting a nominee. But Earnest declined to offer specifics on the timeline or whom Obama is considering.

Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine), one of just two currently serving Republicans who supported both of Obama’s previous Supreme Court picks, said the White House has so far “made no outreach whatsoever” to discuss a path forward for a nominee.

David Nakamura and Kelsey Snell contributed to this report.",1
1919,"As campaigns launch, poll finds GOP field stays tight","The recent formal entries into the Republican race by Marco Rubio, Rand Paul and Ted Cruz have stirred up the GOP field somewhat, but still, no clear leader has emerged. The new poll finds Jeb Bush has held on to the top spot among Republicans and Republican-leaning independents, but Bush's edge is slight and there are multiple contenders for the nomination who could overtake him with just a small increase in support at the same time that some previously strong contenders have faded.

Overall, 17% of Republicans and Republican-leaning independents back Bush for the GOP nomination, while 12% support Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker. Paul and Rubio stand at 11% each, with former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee at 9% and Cruz at 7%. Former neurosurgeon Ben Carson and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, both of whom placed second in CNN/ORC polls as recently as last fall, are now well behind the leader at 4% each.

Bush's edge in the nomination contest extends across several attributes viewed as key to winning the presidency. He is most often named as the candidate with the right experience to be president (27%), as the one with the best chance of beating the Democratic nominee in the general election next November (26%) and as the strongest leader in the large field of GOP contenders (21%). He is also more often seen as the candidate with the clearest vision for the country's future (19%), who cares the most about people like you (18%), and who most closely shares your values (19%).

On one metric, however, Bush has an emerging challenger. While 18% see Bush as the candidate who best represents the future of the Republican Party, the same share say fellow Floridian Rubio is the best representation of the GOP's future. Paul, at 10%, is the only other candidate in double digits on this question.

Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush has said his decision to run for the Republican nomination will be based on two things: his family and whether he can lift America's spirit. His father and brother are former Presidents. Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker has created a political committee that will help him travel and raise money while he considers a 2016 bid. Additionally, billionaire businessman David Koch said in a private gathering in Manhattan this month that he wants Walker to be the next president, but he doesn't plan to back anyone in the primaries. Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal is establishing a committee to formally explore a White House bid. ""If I run, my candidacy will be based on the idea that the American people are ready to try a dramatically different direction,"" he said in a news release provided to CNN on Monday, May 18 , an independent from Vermont who caucuses with Democrats, has said the United States needs a ""political revolution"" of working-class Americans looking to take back control of the government from billionaires. He first announced the run in an email to supporters early on the morning of Thursday, April 30. Sen. Bernie Sanders , an independent from Vermont who caucuses with Democrats, has said the United States needs a ""political revolution"" of working-class Americans looking to take back control of the government from billionaires. He first announced the run in an email to supporters early on the morning of Thursday, April 30. On March 2, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson announced the launch of an exploratory committee. The move will allow him to raise money that could eventually be transferred to an official presidential campaign and indicates he is on track with stated plans to formally announce a bid in May. South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham has said he'll make a decision about a presidential run sometime soon. A potential bid could focus on Graham's foreign policy stance. Hillary Clinton launched her presidential bid Sunday, April 12, through a video message on social media. She continues to be considered the overwhelming front-runner among possible 2016 Democratic presidential candidates. Sen. Marco Rubio announced his bid for the 2016 presidency on Monday, April 13, a day after Hillary Clinton, with a rally in Florida. He's a Republican rising star from Florida who swept into office in 2010 on the back of tea party fervor. But his support of comprehensive immigration reform, which passed the Senate but has stalled in the House, has led some in his party to sour on his prospects. Lincoln Chafee, a Republican-turned-independent-turned-Democrat former governor and senator of Rhode Island, said he's running for president on Thursday, April 16, as a Democrat, but his spokeswoman said the campaign is still in the presidential exploratory committee stages. Jim Webb, the former Democratic senator from Virginia, is entertaining a 2016 presidential run. In January, he told NPR that his party has not focused on white, working-class voters in past elections. Vice President Joe Biden has twice before made unsuccessful bids for the Oval Office -- in 1988 and 2008. A former senator known for his foreign policy and national security expertise, Biden made the rounds on the morning shows recently and said he thinks he'd ""make a good President."" New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie has started a series of town halls in New Hampshire to test the presidential waters, becoming more comfortable talking about national issues and staking out positions on hot topic debates. Rep. Paul Ryan, a former 2012 vice presidential candidate and fiscally conservative budget hawk, says he's keeping his ""options open"" for a possible presidential run but is not focused on it. Sen. Rand Paul officially announced his presidential bid on Tuesday, April 7, at a rally in Louisville, Kentucky. The tea party favorite probably will have to address previous controversies that include comments on civil rights, a plagiarism allegation and his assertion that the top NSA official lied to Congress about surveillance. Texas Sen. Ted Cruz announced his 2016 presidential bid on Monday, March 23, in a speech at Liberty University. The first-term Republican and tea party darling is considered a gifted orator and smart politician. He is best known in the Senate for his marathon filibuster over defunding Obamacare. Democrat Martin O'Malley, the former Maryland governor, released a ""buzzy"" political video in November 2013 in tandem with visits to New Hampshire. He also headlined a Democratic Party event in South Carolina, which holds the first Southern primary. Republican Rick Perry, the former Texas governor, announced in 2013 that he would not be seeking re-election, leading to speculation that he might mount a second White House bid. Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum, a social conservative, gave Mitt Romney his toughest challenge in the nomination fight last time out and has made trips recently to early voting states, including Iowa and South Carolina. Political observers expect New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo to yield to Hillary Clinton's run in 2016, fearing there wouldn't be room in the race for two Democrats from the Empire State. The poll suggests Rubio's campaign rollout has helped raise his profile in the party, boosting him into the top five in the overall race for the GOP nomination. But sustaining that momentum through the many campaign rollouts to come could be a challenge. Cruz's announcement raised his numbers among Tea Party backers, but he has shown little improvement elsewhere. Among tea party supporters, Cruz and Walker tie for the top slot at 15%, Rubio follows at 14%, Paul 12%, and Bush 11% with the rest in single digits. In a March CNN/ORC poll, Cruz had just 6% among Tea Party backers, Walker had 22%. Cruz and Walker's tea party strength seems to rest on their credentials as strong leaders, perhaps burnished by their high-profile stands on Obama's health care overhaul in the Senate and labor issues in Wisconsin, respectively: 21% of tea party Republicans call Cruz the strongest leader in the field, 16% say Walker is. The poll finds little sign of an announcement bump for Paul. In general, Republicans see Bush as the best possible candidate to match up against the Democratic nominee in 2016, but in hypothetical general election matchups against Clinton, Bush trails by a large margin, as do each of the other seven Republicans tested. RELATED: Ready to run Hillary Clinton tries again Marco Rubio fares best against the former first lady, trailing Clinton by 14 points, 55% to 41%. Bush trails Clinton by 17 points, 56% to 39%. Christie and Paul fall 19 points behind Clinton, each putting up 39% to Clinton's 58%. Huckabee, Walker, Carson and Cruz each trail Clinton by more than 20 points. Clinton declared her candidacy for the Democratic nomination for president with a web video and promptly hit the road to Iowa and New Hampshire. Her campaign begins in an extremely strong position among Democrats nationwide: nearly 7 in 10 Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents support her. Overall, 69% back the former secretary of state over Vice President Joe Biden (11%), Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders (5%), former Virginia senator Jim Webb (3%), former Rhode Island governor Lincoln Chafee (1%) and former Maryland governor Martin O'Malley (1%). Clinton is also the second choice of just over half of the Democrats who prefer someone else for the nomination. All told, Clinton is the first or second choice of 83% of the potential Democratic electorate. Jim Webb: ""I look forward to listening and talking with more people in the coming months as I decide whether or not to run."" Joe Biden: ""That's a family personal decision that I'm going to make sometime at the end of the summer."" Martin O'Malley: ""I've been very encouraged as I travel around the country by a number of people who repeat again and again and again their desire for getting things done again as a country and also for new leadership to get those things done."" Elizabeth Warren: ""I'm not running for president....I don't get who writes these headlines or what they're about. I think there's just kind of a pundit world out there."" Jerry Brown: ""If no one runs and [everyone] says we'll have an absent Democratic nominee, would I rule that out? I mean, that would be a little silly, wouldn't it?"" Former Rhode Island Governor Lincoln Chafee is a one-time Republican, turned independent, now Democrat and is exploring a run for the presidency. On Hillary Clinton, he told CNN ""... anybody who voted for the Iraq War should not be president and certainly should not be leading the Democratic Party."" Bernie Sanders: ""I haven't made up my final decision and I've got to say a lot of my strongest supporters say, 'Bernie, you've gotta stay out of the damn Democratic Party, run as an Independent."" Kirsten Gillibrand: The New York senator has said she'll support Hillary Clinton ""110 percent."" Andrew Cuomo (in 2014): ""I'm focusing on running for governor. And then I'm going to focus on being the best governor I can be."" Brian Schweitzer: When asked by Time if he would be a better candidate for president than Clinton: ""Well, I think so, of course. I think I have a background and a resume that isn't just in government."" Any possible Democratic competitors face a steep uphill battle in trying to draw support away from Clinton. Democrats are broadly enthusiastic about a Clinton candidacy, far more than they are for any other potential nominee. Overall, 58% of Democrats say they would be enthusiastic if she won the party's nomination. About a quarter say they would be enthusiastic about a Biden nomination (26%) while 11% say so about Sanders, 7% Webb, 6% O'Malley and 2% Chafee. One area where Clinton's numbers wilt: Only about half of Democratic men (49%) say they would be enthusiastic about having Clinton atop the Democratic ticket, compared with nearly two-thirds of Democratic women (65%). Democrats overwhelmingly see Clinton as holding several presidential characteristics. Nearly 9 in 10 Democrats see Clinton as a strong and decisive leader (88% say that description applies to her) and as having a vision for the country's future (88%). About 8 in 10 say she represents the future of the Democratic Party (82%) and cares about people like them (82%). Democrats are slightly less apt to say Clinton is honest and trustworthy, though three-quarters do view her as honest (75%, about the same as in March). The CNN/ORC International poll was conducted by telephone, April 16-19, among a random national sample of 1,018 adult Americans. Results for the full poll have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points. Among the 435 Republicans and independents who lean Republican, it is 4.5 points, and among the 458 Democrats and independents who lean Democratic, it is 4.5 points.",1
281,Meet the Republicans who ousted John Boehner. They're just getting started.,"Several Republicans started the House Freedom Caucus earlier this year to push House leadership to fight harder. They're feeling emboldened at a crucial moment.

Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R) of Utah hopes to be the choice of conservatives in his run for House speaker in a longshot challenge to majority leader Kevin McCarthy of California.

When the House broke for its August recess, Republican Rep. John Fleming went home to Louisiana to connect with voters. He got an earful.

He traveled the state, and whether he spoke with a lowly company employee, a middle manager, or a business owner, they all said the same thing: “They are very disappointed in how we Republicans are doing in Washington,” says Rep. Fleming, a physician elected in 2008.

Fleming says his constituents see a GOP-controlled Congress failing to check President Obama, even as federal regulations are hurting them personally. It doesn’t matter to them that the president has veto power, or that Democrats can still block Republicans in the GOP-controlled Senate.

“They just don’t want to hear that. That’s an excuse to them,” he says in an interview. “They at least want a fight.”

Fleming is doing his darndest.

In January, he and eight other hard-line Republicans formed the House Freedom Caucus to challenge the GOP leadership, which they claim is not fighting hard enough for Republican priorities. Now they’re bigger and they're emboldened. They just succeeded in driving out Speaker John Boehner (R) of Ohio, who recently stunned Washington with the news that he will retire from Congress on Oct. 30.

In the weeks ahead, the Freedom Caucus will have plentiful opportunities to push the fight further – from the speaker's race to a combustible mix of fiscal deadlines this fall. Though members say they have not yet settled on a strategy, one thing is certain: They are not afraid of government shutdowns, fiscal cliffs, or any other hardline tactics that typically made Boehner wince.

Republicans have not gotten what they wanted, they say, not because these gambits failed, but rather because leadership didn't commit to them, heart and soul.

And they want that to end now.

For this invitation-only group of about 40 members, which meets regularly at a Capitol Hill restaurant called the Tortilla Coast, the fight starts with the GOP's election for the speakership and other GOP leadership offices, which will take place in a secret ballot on Thursday.

Mr. Boehner said he wanted to spare his members and the institution the “turmoil” of an expected attempt to oust him. But to many conservatives, like the members of the Freedom Caucus, turmoil is not the problem. They want real change in the top-down way the House is run and are making demands.

That pressure bubbled over Sunday when Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R) of Utah suddenly joined the race, challenging Boehner’s presumed successor, Rep. Kevin McCarthy (R) of California. Congressman Chaffetz says he was ""recruited"" as an alternative to majority leader McCarthy. He doubts Boehner’s right-hand man can get enough conservatives to win a final floor vote for speaker without having to rely on Democrats. That vote will occur at the end of the month.

""You don't just give an automatic promotion to the existing leadership team,"" Chaffetz said on ""Fox News Sunday."" Voters “want us to take that fight to the Senate. They want us to take that fight to the president.”

Beyond the race for the speakership, the House has a to-do list chock full of pressure points for the Freedom Caucus, including debt, budget, and tax deadlines. Many in Washington are quaking over the deadlines. They remember previous cliff-hanger negotiations between the Obama administration and Republicans in Congress. They wonder whether the Freedom Caucus will trigger a government shutdown over federal funding for Planned Parenthood, the way hardliners did over Obamacare in 2013.

Caucus members see the coming weeks as an opportunity. Exactly what their fight will look like “is kind of fluid,” says Rep. Matt Salmon (R) of Arizona, another caucus founder. But “as we go forward, we’re going to consider anything and everything,” he said last week.

Whether Republicans are fighting hard enough for their priorities is a matter of opinion, and forms a dividing line in the party that runs from voters, to Congress, to the presidential race.

Sixty percent of Republican voters say they feel “betrayed” by their political party, according to a September Fox News poll. Two-thirds of GOP primary voters do not believe Republican majorities have done enough to block Obama’s agenda, the poll finds.

“It’s somewhat subjective, 'Did you fight hard enough for your priorities?' With Boehner, the answer is, ‘No, you didn’t,’ ” says Matt Kibbe, the former head of the tea party advocacy group Freedom Works.

Mr. Kibbe is the kind of person Boehner means when he rails against “false prophets” who gin up the base with unrealistic promises. The speaker blames outside groups such as Freedom Works and Heritage Action for egging on the 2013 shutdown, a strategy he says was doomed to fail. He and Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell (R) of Kentucky have since vowed not to repeat a shutdown.

But Kibbe says it is Boehner who is the false prophet, promising in the 2010 GOP “Pledge to America” to roll back spending to 2008 levels and to repeal Obamacare if the Republicans won the House.

“You have to believe that they never meant it,” says Kibbe, who is now a senior adviser to Concerned American Voters, a super political action committee for GOP presidential candidate and libertarian, Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky.

“This idea that shutting down the government is a fundamental loser for Republicans – I just don’t buy it,” Kibbe continues. He notes that it was only after the shutdowns of 1995 and early ’96 that Republicans, under the leadership of Speaker Newt Gingrich, were able to strike a deal on welfare reform with President Clinton.

“Clinton took Gingrich seriously; Obama has never taken Boehner seriously.”

Fleming couldn’t agree more. He points to the stunning midterm election of 2014, which returned a historic number of Republicans to the House and handed the Senate to GOP control – despite the shutdown the year before.

Republicans rarely put a bill on the president’s desk that he doesn’t like, Fleming complains. Indeed, the president has only vetoed four bills in his seven years in office – though he’s made plenty of veto threats.

“We could be getting more than we’re getting now,” Fleming says. “By raising the white flag before the discussion debate even begins, we’ve already lost.”

Other Republicans – hardly moderates – don’t see it that way.

Take Grover Norquist, founder and president of Americans for Tax Reform. He’s famous for his Taxpayer Protection Pledge to oppose tax increases. Most Republicans in Congress have signed it.

Ideologically, Republicans are more united today than ever, he says. What Republican is for Obamacare? Or for tax increases?

Under Boehner’s leadership, he notes, the House scrapped earmarks. Republicans negotiated permanent tax cuts for most Americans. They got budget caps and the first real spending cuts since the end of World War II. They reformed a part of Medicare in what’s known as the “Doc Fix.” They even sued the president.

“People take progress for granted,” says Mr. Norquist. “What you would like is not the question. I would like rubies and diamonds.... It's, 'What can you   accomplish?’ ”

In Congress, a backlash may be building against Freedom Caucus hardball tactics. Last month, a caucus member quit, saying tactics were harming, not helping, the GOP cause. Over in the Senate, Republican colleagues shouted down tea party favorite Sen. Ted Cruz (R) of Texas last week over his procedural move related to spending and Planned Parenthood.

“There’s a lot of frustration. In some sense, this group treats Republicans like they’re their enemy,” says Rep. Tom Cole (R) of Oklahoma, a Boehner supporter. “It’s always inappropriate to try and blackmail your teammates.”

The Oklahoman understands the anger of Freedom Caucus members. The political roadblocks to the GOP agenda frustrate him, too, but anger clouds their judgment, he says. The caucus pursues things that “demonstrably don’t work,” such as threatening to shut down the Department of Homeland Security over the president’s immigration policy.

Cole hopes that a new speaker can help calm the waters. “I think we’ve got an opportunity for a little bit of a new beginning.”",1
869,Bernie Sanders: What's his endgame now?,"Even 24 hours ago, there was the faintest hope he could be the nominee. Now, Bernie Sanders is shifting gears.

Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders listens as audience members cheer during an election night campaign event at the Big Sandy Superstore Arena Tuesday in Huntington, W.Va.

Bernie Sanders knows he can’t win the Democratic presidential nomination. He said as much, even before losing decisively to Hillary Clinton in four out of five primaries Tuesday.

Yet Senator Sanders remains in the race. But he now fills a wholly different niche than he did even 24 hours ago. Gone is Sanders the candidate with a slim remaining hope that he could still be the Democratic nominee. Enter Sanders the message candidate.

And the message is this: that Sanders has tapped into a current of discontent within the Democratic base, particularly among young people, that’s not going away. And he intends to press his agenda all the way to the Democratic convention in Philadelphia this summer.

“The people in every state in this country should have the right to determine who they want as president and what the agenda of the Democratic Party should be,” Sanders said in a statement Tuesday night. “That’s why we are in this race until the last vote is cast.”

The intent, he added, is to “fight for a progressive party platform” that includes a $15 minimum wage, an “end to our disastrous trade policies,” Medicare for all, breaking up big banks, ending fracking, free public college, and a carbon tax to address climate change.

The upside for Sanders is that he keeps his issues on the public radar, and continues to nudge the more moderate Mrs. Clinton to the left. The risk is that he looks like a sore loser, as some have called him, and prevents the Democratic Party from fully focusing on the task at hand: defeating the Republicans in November.

Clinton – who won Tuesday in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware, and Connecticut, and lost only in Rhode Island – pivoted anyway toward a message of Democratic unity and toward a general election fight in which she hopes to attract independents as well as Republicans uncomfortable with the direction of their party.

“If you are a Democrat, an independent or a thoughtful Republican, you know their approach is not going to build an America where we increase opportunity or decrease inequality,” Clinton said. “So instead of us letting them take us backwards we want America to be in the future business.”

In her pitch to Sanders supporters, Clinton sought to portray herself  as a progressive with a pragmatic streak

“We have to be both dreamers and doers,” she said.

Clinton also reminded voters of the historic nature of her candidacy, now placing her firmly in position to become the first female major-party nominee in American history and potentially the first woman president. In the process, she took a dig at Republican front-runner Donald Trump, who swept all five states Tuesday.

“Now, the other day, Mr. Trump accused me of playing the, quote, woman card. Well, if fighting for women’s health care and paid family leave and equal pay is playing the woman card, then deal me in,” Clinton said.

For Sanders, a self-described social democrat who has fought for decades on the issues now at the heart of his campaign, the 2016 race remains, in a way, a dream come true. The once-obscure senator from Vermont is now a national figure, with a national platform to press his cause.

And for many reasons, he truly has no reason to drop out.

Exhibit A is his incredible fundraising. Most candidates will stay in a race as long as they have two nickels to rub together, and Sanders has plenty. He has outraised Clinton three straight months – average donation $27, as the rally chant goes – and his “take” is accelerating. In March alone, he raised $44 million, a monthly record for the Vermont social democrat.

Exhibit B is his huge rallies. Who can argue with the exhilaration Sanders must feel when he takes the stage to address thousands of screaming fans?

Exhibit C is his party affiliation – or lack thereof. Sanders isn’t really a Democrat. He may say he is (sort of) for the purposes of this presidential race, but when faced with pleas to step aside for the good of the party, he shrugs. In his world, the “party” is the establishment, and that’s what he’s fighting.

Exhibit D is the “what ifs.” There remains a chance that Clinton could be indicted over her use of a private e-mail server, and her handling of information now deemed classified, while she was secretary of State. The financial doings of the Clinton family foundation represent more unknown territory with potentially bad optics.

If Clinton were forced from the race, Sanders would be the last person standing for the Democratic nomination. True, Vice President Joe Biden could jump in, though that would offend many voters’ sense of fairness – especially the Sanders voters, whose support will be needed in November, no matter who wins the Democratic nomination.

Exhibit E is history. Many a pundit has pointed out that in 2008, after a spirited primary season, then-Senator Clinton dropped out of the presidential race and embraced her rival, Barack Obama. But that didn’t happen until June of that year, after all the primaries were over. Then-Senator Obama still won the election.

So for now, at least, it’s probably too soon to claim that Sanders is doing irreparable harm to Clinton’s campaign. Clinton has high negatives for a likely nominee, but the Republicans are pounding her much harder than Sanders is. Remember that Sanders took one of Clinton’s biggest Achilles’ Heels – her e-mails – off the table in their first debate.

Remember also the “PUMAs” of 2008. It’s an acronym whose meaning isn’t suitable for a family newspaper, but it stood for Clinton voters claiming they’d never vote for Obama simply for the sake of “party unity.” Most Clinton voters ended up backing Obama anyway.

Let’s also be clear: Even if Sanders doesn’t actually intend to take his challenge of Clinton all the way to the convention floor in Philadelphia, why should he and his strategists say that now? In politics, candidates are fully “in it” until they’re not.

Sanders, in a way, can already claim victory. He has already pushed Clinton to the left on trade; chances are, she would not have rejected the Obama-backed Trans-Pacific trade deal absent Sanders’s objections.

Sanders has also established $15 as the liberal benchmark for raising the minimum wage, no doubt a spur toward Clinton’s support for the Fight for $15 advocacy campaign. Clinton prefers to push for a $12 federal minimum wage, citing political feasibility, but has said she’d sign a bill raising the federal minimum wage to $15.

Sanders says he’s waiting to see what a Clinton platform looks like before he decides how much to campaign for her. In an MSNBC interview last week, Sanders called the process a “two-way street,” suggesting she has to move more toward his philosophy before he’ll help her.

“I want to see the Democratic Party have the courage to stand up to big-money interests in a way that they have not in the past, take on the drug companies, take on Wall Street, take on the fossil fuel industry, and I want to see them come up with ideas that really do excite working families and young people in this country,” Sanders said.

In an interview on ABC’s “Good Morning America” last week, Clinton said that when she dropped out of the 2008 race, 40 percent of her supporters were unwilling to vote for Obama. So she got to work.

“I nominated him at the convention. I went from group to group, even as late as the convention, convincing people who were my delegates to come together, to unify,” she said.

It’s also worth pointing out that by facing a competitive primary to the bitter end, Obama was in fighting trim for the general election – and organized in all 50 states. Clinton may not be happy with Sanders’s continued campaign, but he has at least given her a window into how a sizable portion of her party’s voters see the world.

For now, Sanders holds a lot of power.  He can join hands with Clinton at the convention or he can keep fighting. If he chooses the latter path, he could do serious damage to the Democratic Party. But the more likely scenario, say Democratic strategists, is that Sanders declares moral victory and backs Clinton – if not enthusiastically.",1
3939,Obama Pushes Castro on Human Rights During Joint Conference,"President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro took questions over human rights and the U.S. economic embargo during an unprecedented joint news conference Monday, putting the Cuban leader in the hotspot in front of a public not used seeing to their leader being questioned.

Obama continued to press the Communist leader on human rights issues.

""We continue, as President Castro indicated, to have some very serious differences, including on democracy and human rights,"" said Obama said. The U.S. president planned to meet with Cuban dissidents Tuesday.

But when an American reporter asked about political prisoners in Cuba, Castro pushed back, denying such prisoners even existed.

""What political prisoners? Give me a name or names,"" Castro said.

Castro also blasted the long-held American embargo, which he called ""the most important obstacle"" to his country's economic development. Obama has called on Congress to lift the blockade, but lawmakers have not held a vote on the repeal.

 

""The embargo is going to end,"" Obama said. ""When, I can't be entirely sure, but I believe it will end.""

Despite the tensions, Obama heralded a ""new day"" in the U.S.-Cuba relationship, saying ""part of normalizing relations means we discuss these differences directly.""

Earlier, with his hand placed on his heart Obama began his first full day in Cuba at Revolution Square, listening to a band as it played the American National Anthem. He is hoping his historic visit will push relations between the two countries forward.

The president placed a wreath at the memorial to Cuban revolutionary Jose Marti. At 11:30 AM, Obama ventured to Havana's Palace of the Revolution for the one-on-one meeting with Cuban President Raoul Castro.

While the president does not expect immediate political change, he knows Castro's economic reforms have opened the door to American investment and opportunity on the island nation.

""It's a historic opportunity to forge new agreements and commercial deals, to build new ties between our two peoples and for me to lay out my vision for a future that's brighter than our past,"" the president told staffers at the U.S. Embassy in Havana.

U.S. companies are eager to do business with Cuba's 11 million people, and Google will be among the first to take advantage of the changed relationship.

Obama has announced the technology giant will expand Wi-Fi and broadband Internet access on the island. So far, only about 5 percent of Cubans enjoy such access.

But only hours before the president arrived in Cuba and toured old Havana with his family, police clashed with human rights protestors. At least 50 demonstrators were arrested.

Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz tweeted support for the Cuban people and criticized the visit.

""Political prisoners languishing in dungeons across the island will hear this message: Nobody has your back. You're alone with your tormentors. The world has forgotten about you,"" he wrote in Politico.

""There will be no mojitos at the U.S. Embassy for them,"" he continued. ""Raul Castro denies their very existence.""

GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump said he supports a new relationship with Cuba, but suggests President Castro should have greeted the president when he arrived.

""There was nobody there to greet him. Folks, what are we doing, what are we doing? Now here's how a thing like that is supposed to work. Number one, he has his people call up and say, 'Who is going to be greeting the president?' If they say nobody, you don't go until somebody's there because you don't want to look like a fool,"" Trump insisted.

But not everyone is critical. American Alan Gross, who was released from a Cuban prison a year ago, told CBN News' Gary Lane the president's visit is a courageous move.

""You sat in a prison cell for five years. Is it the right course?"" Lane asked.

""Well, absolutely,"" Gross replied. ""If we had had diplomatic relations 55 years ago, 50 years ago, 45 years ago, six years ago,  I might not have had to forfeit five years of my life.""

""The whole idea of constructive engagement helps to avoid circumstances like this,"" he continued. ""And people who are critical of the process that we've recently gone through really need to take a look at that.""

Obama's visit will conclude Tuesday with a televised speech to the Cuban people, attendance at a baseball game, and a possible meeting with political dissidents.",1
2341,Determined to kill: Can tough gun laws end mass shootings?,"The flag at Desert Hot Springs' Condor Gun Shop flew at half-staff on Friday morning. Less than two days had passed since two shooters, armed with four guns, killed 14 people and wounded 21 more at an office holiday party in San Bernardino.

The shooting, which the FBI is investigating as an ""act of terrorism,"" forced the nation's attention to the city 40 miles west of Desert Hot Springs. It also prompted a flood of calls to Condor Gun Shop, an unheated cabin across from a swath of open desert at the edge of the city.

""Since (Wednesday), my phone has been ringing off the hook,"" said Torrey Harris, whose family has owned the shop since 1971. ""It didn't stop ringing until 11:30 at night.""

Harris said that, after most mass shootings, longtime gun owners seek to stock up on weapons and ammunition that they think California will try to ban in reaction to the incidents of violence. The state legislature often passes a slew of gun control laws in the months after these tragedies.

But Harris said the response she saw after San Bernardino was different.

""I would say a good 40% of my calls (Wednesday) were people who have never owned a firearm in their life,"" Harris said.

Gun control activists already say Wednesday's shooting demonstrates the need for background checks for ammunition sales. But even California's gun control laws, among the strictest in the nation, haven't prevented seven mass shootings using legally purchased guns since 2006.

Gun rights advocates maintain that laws don't affect criminals and only make it more difficult for people to protect themselves.

Harris believes some of those people calling her shop have adopted a similar position.

""They looked at (San Bernardino) and said, 'You know what, we have to be able to fight back, and I'm not going to be the person cowering in the corner of a room waiting to be shot,'"" she said.

Data on mass shootings is sparse, and even the definition of ""mass shooting"" varies widely. The FBI, for instance, defines the events as incidents where at least four people are killed, while a popular online ""shooting tracker"" states that a mass shooting occurs when at least four people, including the shooter, are injured by gunshots.

By the FBI's definition, as counted by USA TODAY, there have been 22 mass shootings this year; by the Shooting Tracker's analysis, San Bernardino was number 353 and one of two mass shootings that day.

Despite this variance, experts don't believe mass shootings are happening more often than they did in past decades. In California and across the country, violent crimes with firearms have declined significantly since the 1980s.

At the same time, however, we've become more afraid.

""It was Sandy Hook that really got people's attention and started this intense focus on (shootings),"" said James Alan Fox, a Northeastern University criminologist who's written several books on mass murder, referring to the 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn.

Since then, he said, ""Even though the incidence hasn't increased, fear has.""

A 2015 Congressional Research Service report on mass public shootings found that 2012 was a particularly brutal year — seven mass public shootings, compared to an average of four per year — and suggested that the horrific year had a lasting impact on public opinion.

""Several such mass murders in 2012, seven incidents by most counts, compounded a fear among many people that, 'this could happen to me',"" the authors of the report wrote.

After the December 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook, support for controls on gun ownership spiked to 51% of the U.S. population —its highest level in five years, according to the Pew Research Center. Support for laws protecting the right to own guns fell from 49% to 42%.

Polls showed a return to pre-Sandy Hook opinion levels about six months later. But in comparison, a shooting that killed six people at a 2011 rally for Ariz. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords didn't significantly impact public opinion on gun control, according to a poll conducted in the following days by the Pew Research Center. Neither did a 2007 shooting at Virginia Tech that killed 32 people.

For some, that fear has resulted in a new desire to bear arms. Pew data suggests that, in 1999, nearly half of gun owners bought them for hunting, compared to 26% for personal protection. By Feb. 2013, those positions had almost reversed: nearly half of gun owners wanted weapons for personal protection, compared to 32% for hunting.

Condor Gun Shop owner Harris said, in the last five years, she's begun selling firearms to more women and first-time buyers. During the last 10 years, the National Shooting Sports Foundation, the trade group for firearms manufacturers, has also seen a steady increase in first-time and female gun owners.

About 25 to 30% of customers are first-time gun buyers, who often purchase a gun for protection. More than 30% of customers are women, NSSF spokesman Mike Bazinet said.

Harris said she's started asking first-time gun owners what changed their minds about purchasing a firearm. More and more people tell her that they want to be responsible for their own safety.

""Just like buying car insurance, you go out and you buy it and you hope you never have to use it, but you're really thankful if you ever get into an accident. And a lot of people who buy these firearms do the same thing,"" Harris said. ""It really has changed, the whole mindset of a lot of people who are buying guns now.""

But, according to San Bernardino police, Syed Rizwan Farook — one of the San Bernardino shooters — purchased his two guns legally from a federal licensed firearms dealer. Another person bought two .223-caliber rifles —a DPMS A-15 and Smith & Wesson M&P15 — legally. Only the shooters' modification attempts to the assault weapons, to make one rifle accept 30-round magazines and one rifle fully automatic, made them illegal to possess.

So for gun control advocates, mass shootings are sirens, calling for further limits on access to guns.

In the wake of the Sandy Hook shooting, for example, the California state legislature passed at least 14 bills tightening restrictions on gun ownership — more gun laws than it had passed in the previous six years combined. Gov. Jerry Brown signed laws banning conversion kits for ammunition magazines, toughening mental health reporting requirements and closing a ""loophole"" that allowed single-shot handguns to bypass safety requirements.

In 2014, a bill cited a shooting in Isla Vista — when a gunman shot and killed three people and fatally stabbed three others near the University of California Santa Barbara campus — as the reason for its necessity. That measure, now a law, allows judges to temporarily keep people from purchasing or possessing guns if family members or law enforcement think they might harm themselves or others.

While nearly 40 states have relaxed gun rules in the last two decades, California has enacted more than 50 major gun bills since 1994. The pro-gun control Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence, based in San Francisco, gave California's laws an A- in 2014, the highest grade given to any state. Guns & Ammo Magazine, with a pro-gun rights stance, ranked the state fourth-worst in the country for gun ownership.

Already, in the wake of the San Bernardino tragedy, gun control advocates are touting a 2016 ballot initiative that Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom proposed in October. The measure proposes background checks for ammunition purchases and bans possession of high capacity magazines.

""Ammunition is what makes a firearm into a deadly weapon, and we should have background checks on firearms and ammunition,"" Law Center staff attorney Ari Freilich said. ""These individuals, it looks like they stockpiled 3,000 to 4,000 rounds of ammunition. They did it without having to show ID, without having to pass a background check.""

Prior to San Bernardino, California had seen seven public shootings since 2006 that claimed four or more lives (not counting those police believe were gang-related), according to USA TODAY's ""Behind the Bloodshed"" tracker. In four of those shootings, the weapons shooters used were purchased legally and registered to the shooters. In two other incidents, the guns were purchased legally but registered to other people.

In only one incident, the 2013 rampage near Santa Monica College, did law enforcement say that the weapons used were illegal in California.

""Here (in California), as pretty much everywhere in the country, anybody who isn't disqualified by virtue of them having a felony conviction can get a gun, and can get a bunch of guns, and can get guns that are quite deadly, because guns are deadly,"" said Eugene Volokh, a professor of constitutional law at UCLA and writer for ""The Volokh Conspiracy,"" a legal blog hosted by The Washington Post.

Freilich believes mass shootings with guns that have been purchased legally, like Wednesday's in San Bernardino, emphasize the need for more stringent gun control.

""I do think (San Bernardino) highlights to legislators and to the California public that despite all that we've done — California has the toughest gun laws in the nation — more clearly needs to be done,"" Freilich said.

Since the late 1980s, the crime rate has dropped in California and nationally by about 50%, according to the California Attorney General's Office and the FBI.

Gun control advocates attribute that drop in California in part to gun control laws. However, some researchers, including Volokh, doubt that conclusion— pointing out that violence has dropped nationwide even though most states have loosened gun control laws and California is widely known to have the strictest laws in the nation. The percentage of homicide victims killed by firearms has remained steady in California since 1990, according to the California Attorney General's Homicide Report.

Realistically, the battle to prevent mass tragedies with legislation may be futile, Volokh said.

""Let's look at somebody who is a would-be mass shooter. This person has essentially decided to have the defining event of his life, and possibly the concluding event of his life, be mass murder,"" Volokh said. ""This is somebody who is very motivated to commit the crime, and again, we know he is motivated because he's willing to give up his life to do that.""

Wednesday's shooting was perpetrated by people determined to kill, Volokh said.

The shooters, Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik, have been identified as husband and wife, and investigators found a dozen pipe bombs and more than 4,500 rounds of ammunition in the home they were renting in Redlands.

The FBI is investigating the mass shooting as an 'act of terrorism.'

While gun control may help reduce violence in general, criminologist James Alan Fox doesn't think legislation will help prevent mass shootings like these.

""Gun control can do a lot in terms of impacting the kind of gun crime you see every day. Will it avert mass killings? Not really,"" Fox said. ""They'll find a way to get a gun. If they can't get one legally, which most of them can, they'll borrow one, steal one — but they'll get one.""

For Torrey Harris of Condor Gun Shop, this tragic conversation is becoming routine.

""I've gone through this so many times now, I know how the cycle goes,"" Harris said. ""There are going to be people who are yelling and screaming for more gun laws and people who are going to be yelling and screaming for less, and unfortunately, probably nothing is going to happen, which I think frustrates both sides.""

On Friday, it was business as usual at Harris' gun shop. A customer walked in the door, hoping to buy a handgun. Harris began the legal steps of selling a gun in California, asking the customer for identification, proof of residency and his Firearm Safety Certificate. Now, he'll have to submit to a background check.

In 10 days, he can pick up his gun.

The process of purchasing a gun in California

•Obtain a Firearm Safety Certificate by passing a knowledge test. The test, made up of 30 true-false and multiple-choice questions, is drawn from a 46-page study guide available online. Copies of the test are available in English and Spanish.

•Present the Firearm Safety Certificate, a California ID or driver's license and a utility bill or car registration with your current address to a licensed firearms dealer.

•Choose your firearm. According to the California Department of Justice, there are currently 822 handgun models approved for sale in the state. Long guns are subject to individual regulations rather than a pre-approved list.

•Get a handling demonstration from the seller, including how to load, unload and lock the gun. The seller and buyer must both sign an affidavit saying the demonstration occurred.

•Pay for the gun and keep your receipt.

•Return in 10 days to pick up the gun, provided you passed the background check.

•At this time, buy a gun lock or show a receipt to show that you bought one in the last 30 days.",1
2110,Climate change crusade goes local,"While US leaders remain bogged down in debate over global warming, local communities are acting on their own to hold back rising seas. Witness Miami Beach's elevated streets.

Florida’s state leaders are running hard from climate change. The governor, Rick Scott, doesn’t want state employees to even utter the words. Former Gov. Jeb Bush and US Sen. Marco Rubio, both Republican presidential aspirants, offer a medley of objections to scientists’ calls for bold action on climate change.

Eric Carpenter shrugs. The director of Miami Beach’s Public Works Department sits at his desk, poring over tables of high tides on his computer. He is calculating how many pumps he needs to buy to keep the city’s streets from being flooded from a rising sea caused by climate change.

Under a broiling sun, he takes a visitor a few blocks from his office, to where contractors are pouring concrete to replace a section of a city street. The new roadway is being laid incongruously 2-1/2 feet above the sidewalk cafe tables and storefront entrances at the old street level. The extra height is in preparation for the seas and tides that Mr. Carpenter already sees engulfing this section of Miami Beach.

“The facts are the facts, and we have to deal with them,” he says.

In city after city in South Florida, local officials are dealing with climate change. So, too, are municipalities big and small across the United States. The same determination is evident among governors and legislators in more than two dozen states. And it is magnified worldwide: Surprising progress in grappling with global warming is coming from surprising nations.

This groundswell of action on climate change is producing solutions and often bypassing lagging political leadership. The gathering force of these acts, significant and subtle, is transforming what once seemed a hopeless situation into one in which success can at least be imagined. The initiatives are not enough to halt the world’s plunge toward more global warming – yet. But they do point toward a turning point in greenhouse gas emissions, and ambitious – if still uneven – efforts to adapt to the changes already in motion.

“The troops on the ground, the local officials and stakeholders, are acting, even in the face of a total lack of support on the top level,” says Michael Mann, a prominent climate scientist at Pennsylvania State University in State College, Pa. “The impacts of climate change are pretty bad and projected to get much worse if we continue business as usual. But there still is time to avert what we might reasonably describe as a true catastrophe. There are some signs we are starting to turn the corner.”

Philip Levine, the mayor of Miami Beach, agrees. “We may not have all the answers,” he says. “But we’re going to show that Miami Beach is not going to sit back and go underwater.”

Representatives from more than 190 countries will gather in Paris in December to try to agree on international strategies for dealing with climate change. They will be spurred by their own alarm at a succession of storms, droughts, and heat waves affecting millions of people on the planet, and by outside calls, such as the moral edict from Pope Francis, to care more about the world.

The record of past such meetings is not encouraging. But the representatives will arrive as progress on curbing greenhouse gas emissions, often overlooked, has been mounting:

•Wind and solar power generation are bounding ahead faster than the most optimistic predictions, with a fivefold increase worldwide since 2004. More than 1 in 5 buildings in countries such as Denmark, Germany, Sweden, and even Albania are now powered by renewable energy.

•The US saw its greenhouse gas emissions peak in 2007. They have fallen about 10 percent since, and are roughly on course to meet President Obama’s pledge to reduce emissions in the next 10 years by about 27 percent from their peak.

•China, the world’s largest carbon emitter, paradoxically leads the world in installed wind and solar power, and is charging ahead on renewables. China and the US ended their impasse over who is most responsible to fix global warming, agreeing in November to mutually ambitious goals. Experts say China already has cut coal consumption by 8 percent this year, and the environmental group Greenpeace says China stopped construction of some new coal power plants.

•Worldwide, carbon dioxide emissions, a principal component of greenhouse gases, did not grow in 2014, according to the International Energy Agency. Emissions remained flat even as the global economy grew – an important milestone.

•Coal-fired power plants are being replaced rapidly by natural gas plants, which are cleaner and emit half the greenhouse gases. Britain saw an 8 percent drop in greenhouse gas emissions last year, which is attributed to national energy policies, more energy efficiency, and the switch from coal.

•Tropical rainforests, which absorb carbon dioxide, are being cut down at a slower rate than in the past – 13 million hectares per year, compared with 16 million in the 1990s, according to the latest figures from the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization. That is still alarmingly high but shows progress, in part because of vows by big corporations not to buy palm oil grown on deforested lands. Brazil has made notable progress in reducing deforestation of the Amazon.

In the US, state and local governments are taking bold action even as the national discussion about the looming climate crisis remains paralyzed along political lines. In South Florida, for example, officials of four populous counties shun the rhetoric from GOP presidential aspirants and officials in the state capital and gather regularly to plot cooperative climate change strategy.

That group, the Southeast Florida Regional Climate Change Compact, is considered a national model for the kind of shoulder-to-shoulder effort needed to address the problem. They came up with an agreed estimate of sea level rise and identified the most vulnerable areas of the region, and now are plowing through more than 100 recommendations for action.

“There are no new funding sources coming down from the state or the Feds,” says Susanne Torriente, assistant city manager for Fort Lauderdale, one of the participants of the compact. “Would it be good to have state and federal dollars? Yes. Are we going to wait until they act? No.”

Their cooperation was born, essentially, on the back of a napkin. Kristin Jacobs, now a state representative who was a Broward County commissioner in 2008, was lamenting at the time that the 27 disparate municipal water authorities in the region could not agree on joint action. So she and others came up with the idea of getting local officials together in a classroom.

“We said, ‘Let’s have an academy,’ ” she recalls, and the Broward Leaders Water Academy began offering elected officials in South Florida six-month courses in water hydraulics and policy. It has now graduated “three generations of elected officials,” she says.

Figuring out what to do about climate change – whether it is building up dunes on the beaches, raising the height of foundations, or shifting developments back from the coastline – takes a cooperative approach. “We couldn’t do it by just saying ‘this is the way it is’ – the Moses approach,” Ms. Jacobs says. “We had to do it with compliance and acquiescence and leadership.”

Normally, direction on some of these issues might have come from state officials. But not in Florida. Not on climate change.

“We didn’t have to worry about those who don’t believe,” Jacobs says. “At the end of the day, when the water is overtopping your sea wall, you don’t really care that you didn’t believe in climate change last week. You do believe in it this week.”

Built on the edge of the sea, Miami Beach is one of the most vulnerable cities in the world to the vicissitudes of the ocean. Its boutique commercial district and canyons of pastel apartments sit on a sieve of porous limestone. The leaky footing was formed over the eons from accumulated seashells, coral, and fish skeletons.

Today the rock acts as a giant wick, giving the relentless ocean a route for subterranean attack. Seawater pushes in from underground and often gurgles to the surface in inconvenient places. On days of really high tides – even without any rain – the briny invasion turns some city streets into small lakes, snarling traffic and cutting off businesses. Locals call it “sunny day flooding.”

The man charged with stopping the sea – or at least getting tourists and residents out of its way – is Carpenter, an affable engineer with a burly physique. Carpenter took over the city’s Public Works Department two years ago. His recurring nightmare is of rising seas, frequent storms, and “king” tides sweeping through Miami Beach – and doing it in full view of the world. He knows that whatever the city does – or does not do – to prepare for climate change will be tested soon on a stage before a global audience.

“What we do here is magnified because of who we are,” he says. Miami Beach thrives on a global reputation for glamour, for cultural fusion, for beaches, for heat – from the sun in the day and its epicurean club culture at night. That’s not an image that sits well with flooded streets. But the water is already coming.

As the Atlantic Ocean warms and expands, fed by melting polar ice caps, the seawater is pushing back into the 330 storm-water pipe outlets designed to drain rain from city streets. So Miami Beach is in the process of installing as many as 80 pumps, at a cost of nearly $400 million, to make sure the water flows outward.

“If the seas are continuing to rise, and the tidal events are higher than the inland elevation, we have to pump,” says Carpenter.

The city plans to raise the level of 30 percent of its streets, encouraging businesses to abandon or remodel their first floors to go to a higher level. Carpenter says he wanted to go up nearly six feet, but town officials said “we are going too fast.” So they settled on just over three feet.

“I don’t think this is where we want to be long-term, but it’s enough to get us through the next 10 or 20 years,” he says, while standing on a new section of road at Sunset Harbor, looking down at the cafe tables on the sidewalk below, where the street used to be.

Mayor Levine echoes the importance of dealing with the future encroachment of the sea – now. “We did not ask for climate change or sea level rise,” he says. “But we are the tip of the spear. We don’t debate the reason why; we just come up with solutions.”

Forty miles to the north, past Fort Lauderdale, Randy Brown and his utilities staff in Pompano Beach are also trying to halt the sea. Like the rest of South Florida, the coastal city of 100,000 residents is confronting the ocean above and below ground.

They are burying a new network of water pipes – painted grape purple – running to businesses and homes. The pipes contain sewer water that has been treated to remove the smell and bacteria and then siphoned from a pipe that used to discharge it into the sea.

Pompano Beach residents use the water for their lawns and gardens, bypassing the restrictive bans on lawn sprinkling. This recycled water then trickles down into the Biscayne Aquifer.

Cleansed as it sifts through the ground, it helps reduce the shrinking of the freshwater aquifer, which is being drawn down by the town’s 26 wells and is threatened by underground salt water pushed inland by the rising sea level. Homeowners pay about two-thirds less for the recycled water than they do for potable water.

When city officials first laid out the program at a public meeting, bringing a cake to set a neighborly tone, “it was a fiasco. [Residents] called it dangerous,” chuckles Maria Loucraft, a utilities manager.

Now, people “say they can’t wait for it to get to their area,” adds Isabella Slagle, who goes to public events with a mascot, a purple-colored sprinkler head with sunglasses, named “Squirt” by elementary school students.

Green lawns trump the political arguments over climate change, says Mr. Brown. “We don’t say ‘climate change,’ ” he admits. “It’s ‘protecting resources’ or ‘sustainability.’ That way, you can duck under the political radar.”

Some don’t want to avoid the radar. Last October, the South Miami City Commission voted to create “South Florida” and secede from the rest of the state, in part because, they said, the state government in Tallahassee was not responding to their pleas to help them deal with climate change.

“It got a lot of press but nobody in the state took it very seriously,” muses the mayor, Philip Stoddard, over a sandwich on the campus of Florida International University, where he is a biology professor. “But it did get people talking about climate change.”

“My house is at 10 feet elevation,” he adds. “My wife and I – our question is – will we be able to live out our lives in our house? I’m 58. We don’t know. It’s going to be a close one. If you look at the official sea level projections, they keep going up, which is a little disquieting. If you look at the unofficial projections, they scare the hell out of you.”

While South Florida is a leader at local cooperation, officials in towns and cities across the country are struggling to react to a warming climate. Many municipalities have drafted action plans. Boston is converting its taxis to hybrids and requires new buildings to be built with higher foundations. Chicago is planting green gardens on city roofs to reduce the air conditioning needed to cool buildings. Seattle is helping residents install solar panels. Montpelier, Vt., vows to eliminate all fossil fuel use by 2030. Houston is laying down “cool pavements” made of reflective and porous material, and planting trees for shade.

Governors and state legislators across the country have gotten the message, too. While Congress will not debate the “Big Fix” – putting a price or a cap on carbon pollution – some states are already doing it. About 30 percent of Americans live in states that have rules capping carbon dioxide emissions and markets that allow companies to buy and sell carbon credits.

In addition, 28 states have set mandatory quotas for renewable energy from their electric utilities. Seven states have set ambitious targets for overall greenhouse gas reductions – California has promised a reduction of 40 percent below 1990 levels by 2030.

“The best thing Congress can do right now is stay out of the way,” says Anna Aurilio, director of the Washington office of the nonprofit advocacy group Environment America. Between the state efforts and the executive orders by Mr. Obama, she says, the US is on track to meet the administration’s greenhouse gas goals.

“When we look at programs currently in place or set to be implemented, we can come close to the US commitment” of a 27 percent decrease in greenhouse gas emissions in 10 years, she says. “But we know we have to go much, much further.”

To get near the goal of keeping average global warming at 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) or less, climatologists predict that countries must largely abandon the fossil fuels that have driven technological societies since the Industrial Age – achieving an 80 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2050.

That is an imposing goal, since billions of dollars are invested in new and existing fossil fuel power plants that can last 30 to 50 years. Even if solar or wind energy is cheaper than coal, oil, and natural gas, the owners of fossil fuel plants will be reluctant to abandon their investments. But the decisions are starting to come from the people, not just governments or corporations.

“When you have enough action taking place at the grass roots, sometimes that’s a more effective means of implementing change on a large scale,” says Penn State’s Mr. Mann.

Nicole Hammer is one of the foot soldiers in the new war on global warming. A biologist, consultant, and former assistant director of a university center on climate change, she quit and decided to work with nonprofit groups, including the Moms Clean Air Force, an organization that campaigns to stem air pollution and climate change.

“I realized we have more than enough science to take action on climate change,” she says while walking at an ecology park near her home in Vero Beach, Fla. “People who normally wouldn’t be involved in environmental issues are starting to speak out.”

She believes community involvement is the key to solutions, because the problems are felt most keenly at that level. “We have people in communities who have to put their kids in shopping carts to get across flooded streets to get food,” she says. “When you see that happening – and then you see people at high levels denying it – it’s disappointing and it’s incredibly frustrating.”

Public outcry has helped close coal-burning power plants, which produce the dirtiest energy. Coal plants now provide about one-third of the electricity in the US – down from more than half in 1990. Tightening pollution standards and cheaper natural gas prices have prompted utilities to close 200 coal-fired plants since 2010, the Sierra Club estimates, and the trend would only accelerate under new clean air regulations unveiled by Obama in early August.

Until recently, one argument against closing coal plants was that if the US didn’t burn its own abundant coal reserves, they would just be exported to China. But Chinese authorities are so sobered by their public’s resentment of the thick coal soot and industrial pollution that they are turning with startling speed to renewables. China reached a significant agreement with the US in November to cap its greenhouse gas pollutions by 2030, and further impressed experts in July by promising to ramp up renewables to provide 20 percent of its power, a sharp turn away from its pace of bringing a new coal power plant on line every 10 days.

“China has become a policy innovator,” says Nathaniel Keohane, vice president of the Environmental Defense Fund, who worked on international climate issues in the Obama administration.

Other countries are plotting their own ways to curb greenhouse gases. Germany, Italy, Japan, and Spain are ramping up solar energy. France has embraced nuclear. Denmark, Portugal, and Nicaragua led in wind power in 2014. Brazil is adding hydroelectric plants as well as sharply reducing deforestation. Kenya and Turkey are tapping geothermal power. And smaller countries such as Costa Rica, Iceland, and Paraguay have found financial and tourism benefits in being at or very near “carbon neutral.”

Still, the current projections from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change on when the world will see a significant decline in global emissions vary widely – from about 2030 to after 2100 – based on guesses of how countries respond. But the dramatic shift to natural gas in the US, and the racehorse expansion of hydraulic fracturing to get it, are demonstrations that if new technologies are profitable, industries can pivot quickly.

“We can make that turn,” Mr. Keohane predicts. “Imagine the day when emissions are falling instead of rising. Imagine when we are winning rather than losing.”",1
4428,Deadly suicide blast in Istanbul tourist area is linked to the Islamic State,"A suicide bomber believed to be linked to the Islamic State struck the historic heart of Istanbul on Tuesday, killing at least 10 people in what would be the group’s first major attack on Turkey’s vital tourism industry.

The bombing, which injured 15 others, took place in the shadow of the city’s famous nine-domed Blue Mosque, which draws visitors from around the world. Most of the victims were German nationals, Turkish officials said.

The targeting of Turkey’s tourism trade puts the group on a more direct collision course with the Turkish state, which has been criticized for not doing enough to prevent militants from using the country as a crucial route for recruits, supplies and oil smuggling.

But the militants appear increasingly desperate to strike overseas as they lose territory in Iraq and Syria.

“This terror organization, the assailants and all of their connections will be found and they will receive the punishments they deserve,” said Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. He said the attacker was a member of the Islamic State, though the group has not asserted responsibility for the attack.

The blast occurred just before 10:30 a.m. in the Sultanahmet district, an area that includes the 400-year-old Blue Mosque; Hagia Sophia, a former Byzantine-era basilica; and the lavish Ottoman Topkapi Palace.

The attacker, identified by Turkish authorities as a 28-year-old of Syrian origin, mingled with a group of German tourists as they gathered near the Obelisk of Theodosius, an ancient Egyptian monolith brought to Istanbul — then known as Constantinople — in the 4th century.

Turkish news outlets later identified the attacker as Nabil Fadli, adding that he had been born in Saudi Arabia.

Eight of those killed were Germans, according to authorities. In addition, officials said that at least 15 people were injured in the explosion, including nine Germans and other foreigners — among them a Peruvian and a Norwegian.

“Today Istanbul was hit. Paris has been hit. Tunisia has been hit. Ankara has been hit before,” German Chancellor Angela Merkel said in Berlin. “International terrorism is once again showing its cruel and inhuman face today.”

The White House also condemned the “heinous attack,” which it said “struck Turks and foreign tourists alike.” In a statement Tuesday, National Security Council spokesman Ned Price said that the United States stands with NATO ally Turkey, a “valued member” of the U.S.-led coalition against the Islamic State, and pledges “our ongoing cooperation and support in the fight against terrorism” in the face of the Istanbul attack.

[NATO-member Turkey on front lines of Western-Russian divide over Syria]

Directly and indirectly, tourism makes up about 12 percent of Turkey’s gross domestic product, according to the World Travel and Tourism Council, an international travel-industry organization, with the country welcoming about 40 million tourists a year.

The vast plazas and surrounding streets of Sultanahmet, normally busy with merchants, vendors and visitors, were quiet late Tuesday, with many restaurants empty. The area immediately around the blast was cordoned off by police.

Yahya Ibrahim, an imam from Perth, Australia, was visiting with his wife and three children when the blast hit.

“We were just about to head into the mosque but then decided to have breakfast first,” he said. A “huge boom” reverberated through the streets, he said, which his 9-year-old daughter thought was thunder.

Ibrahim said that the attack wouldn’t deter them from visiting again. “On a theological basis, it’s a perversion of Islam,” he said of the Islamic State’s ideology. “On a practical level, it’s murder.”

[Pentagon pushes allies to help choke off Islamic State networks]

The Islamic State probably has the capability to launch an extended terror campaign against Turkey, said Firas Abi Ali, a senior analyst at IHS, a global risk analysis firm.

“Its territorial losses in Iraq and Syria may well have led the group to assess its needs to expand its influence and capability in Turkey,” he said. “If today’s attack was perpetrated by the Islamic State, it would reflect a shift in the group’s strategy and herald a broader campaign against Turkey.”

However, such a move “will likely provoke a significant backlash by the Turkish government,” he said.

Turkish forces have not directly intervened in the Syrian conflict, but Ankara has been under pressure from Western governments to crack down on the cross-border flow of people and supplies to Islamic State strongholds in Syria. Last summer, Turkey opened its Incirlik air base to U.S. warplanes carrying out airstrikes against Islamic State positions in Syria.

Turkey is also a key backer of rebel groups opposing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, and it has recently stepped up its ­decades-old fight against Kurdish separatists.

In the past, Turkish groups have staged their own attacks in the country. A year ago, a Chechen woman believed to be linked to militant factions blew herself up outside a police post in Sultan­ahmet, killing one police officer.

There were also two major suicide attacks on peace activists in the country’s southeast last year, killing more than 100 people. The government blamed the Islamic State for those explosions, but the militant group never asserted responsibility.

Cunningham reported from Baghdad. Brian Murphy and William Branigin in Washington contributed to this report.",1
128,"Yes, Black America fears the police. Here’s why.","Last July 4, my family and I went to Long Island to celebrate the holiday with a friend and her family. After eating some barbecue, a group of us decided to take a walk along the ocean. The mood on the beach that day was festive. Music from a nearby party pulsed through the haze of sizzling meat. Lovers strolled hand in hand. Giggling children chased each other along the boardwalk.

Most of the foot traffic was heading in one direction, but then two teenage girls came toward us, moving stiffly against the flow, both of them looking nervously to their right. “He’s got a gun,” one of them said in a low voice.

I turned my gaze to follow theirs, and was clasping my 4-year-old daughter’s hand when a young man extended his arm and fired off multiple shots along the busy street running parallel to the boardwalk. Snatching my daughter up into my arms, I joined the throng of screaming revelers running away from the gunfire and toward the water.

The shots stopped as quickly as they had started. The man disappeared between some buildings. Chest heaving, hands shaking, I tried to calm my crying daughter, while my husband, friends and I all looked at one another in breathless disbelief. I turned to check on Hunter, a high school intern from Oregon who was staying with my family for a few weeks, but she was on the phone.

“Someone was just shooting on the beach,” she said, between gulps of air, to the person on the line.

Unable to imagine whom she would be calling at that moment, I asked her, somewhat indignantly, if she couldn’t have waited until we got to safety before calling her mom.

“No,” she said. “I am talking to the police.”

My friends and I locked eyes in stunned silence. Between the four adults, we hold six degrees. Three of us are journalists. And not one of us had thought to call the police. We had not even considered it.

We also are all black. And without realizing it, in that moment, each of us had made a set of calculations, an instantaneous weighing of the pros and cons.

As far as we could tell, no one had been hurt. The shooter was long gone, and we had seen the back of him for only a second or two. On the other hand, calling the police posed considerable risks. It carried the very real possibility of inviting disrespect, even physical harm. We had seen witnesses treated like suspects, and knew how quickly black people calling the police for help could wind up cuffed in the back of a squad car. Some of us knew of black professionals who’d had guns drawn on them for no reason.

This was before Michael Brown. Before police killed John Crawford III for carrying a BB gun in a Wal-Mart or shot down 12-year-old Tamir Rice in a Cleveland park. Before Akai Gurley was killed by an officer while walking in a dark staircase and before Eric Garner was choked to death upon suspicion of selling “loosies.” Without yet knowing those names, we all could go down a list of unarmed black people killed by law enforcement.

We feared what could happen if police came rushing into a group of people who, by virtue of our skin color, might be mistaken for suspects.

For those of you reading this who may not be black, or perhaps Latino, this is my chance to tell you that a substantial portion of your fellow citizens in the United States of America have little expectation of being treated fairly by the law or receiving justice. It’s possible this will come as a surprise to you. But to a very real extent, you have grown up in a different country than I have.

As Khalil Gibran Muhammad, author of The Condemnation of Blackness, puts it, “White people, by and large, do not know what it is like to be occupied by a police force. They don’t understand it because it is not the type of policing they experience. Because they are treated like individuals, they believe that if ‘I am not breaking the law, I will never be abused.’”

We are not criminals because we are black. Nor are we somehow the only people in America who don’t want to live in safe neighborhoods. Yet many of us cannot fundamentally trust the people who are charged with keeping us and our communities safe.

As protest and revolt swept across the Missouri suburb of Ferguson and demonstrators staged die-ins and blocked highways and boulevards from Oakland to New York with chants of “Black lives matter,” many white Americans seemed shocked by the gaping divide between law enforcement and the black communities they are supposed to serve. It was no surprise to us. For black Americans, policing is “the most enduring aspect of the struggle for civil rights,” says Muhammad, a historian and director of the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture in New York. “It has always been the mechanism for racial surveillance and control.”

In the South, police once did the dirty work of enforcing the racial caste system. The Ku Klux Klan and law enforcement were often indistinguishable. Black-and-white photographs of the era memorialize the way Southern police sicced German shepherds on civil rights protesters and peeled the skin off black children with the force of water hoses. Lawmen were also involved or implicated in untold numbers of beatings, killings and disappearances of black Southerners who forgot their place.

In the North, police worked to protect white spaces by containing and controlling the rising black population that had been propelled into the industrial belt during the Great Migration. It was not unusual for Northern police to join white mobs as they attacked black homeowners attempting to move into white neighborhoods, or black workers trying to take jobs reserved for white laborers. And yet they strictly enforced vagrancy laws, catch-alls that gave them wide discretion to stop, question and arrest black citizens at will.

Much has changed since then. Much has not.



Last Fourth of July, in a few short minutes as we adults watched the teenager among us talking to the police, we saw Hunter become a little more like us, her faith a little shaken, her place in the world a little less stable. Hunter, who is biracial and lives with her white mother in a heavily white area, had not been exposed to the policing many black Americans face. She was about to be.

On the phone, she could offer only the most generic of suspect descriptions, which apparently made the officer on the other end of the line suspicious. By way of explanation, Hunter told the officer she was just 16. The police called her back: once, twice, then three times, asking her for more information. The interactions began to feel menacing. “I’m not from here,” Hunter said. “I’ve told you everything I know.”

The fourth time the police called, she looked frightened. Her interrogator asked her, “Are you really trying to be helpful, or were you involved in this?” She turned to us, her voice aquiver. “Are they going to come get me?”

“See,” one of us said, trying to lighten the mood. “That’s why we don’t call them.”

We all laughed, but it was hollow.

My friend Carla Murphy and I have talked about that day several times since then. We’ve turned it over in our minds and wondered whether, with the benefit of hindsight, we should have called 911.

Carla wasn’t born in the United States. She came here when she was 9, and back in her native Barbados, she didn’t give police much thought. That changed when she moved into heavily black Jamaica, Queens.

Carla said she constantly saw police, often white, stopping and harassing passersby, almost always black. “You see the cops all the time, but they do not speak to you. You see them talking to each other, but the only time you ever see them interact with someone is if they are jacking them up,” she said. “They are making a choice, and it says they don’t care about you, it tells you they are not here for your people or people who look like you.”",1
1392,This is a dishonest campaign: 17 Hillary Clinton memes the media just won’t stop pushing — or factcheck,"This is becoming a straight-up rerun of the 1948 campaign against Henry Wallace. Except that Clinton is running well to the right of Truman and even, in some respects, Dewey. It seems as if Clinton is campaigning for the vote of my Grandpa Nat. There’s only one problem with this strategy: He’s been dead for nearly a quarter-century.

As was true of McCarthyism, it’s not really Sanders’ communism or his socialism that has got today’s McCarthyites in the Democratic Party worried; it’s actually his liberalism. As this article in the Times makes clear:

“Some third party will say, ‘This is what the first ad of the general election is going to look like,’” said James Carville, the longtime Clinton adviser, envisioning a commercial savaging Mr. Sanders for supporting tax increases and single-payer health care. “Once you get the nomination, they are not going to play nice.” A Sanders-led ticket generates two sets of fears among Clinton supporters: that other Democratic candidates could be linked to his staunchly liberal views, particularly his call to raise taxes, even on middle-class families, to help finance his universal health care plan; and that more mainstream Democrats would have to answer to voters uneasy about what it means to be a European-style social democrat.

Raising taxes to pay for popular social programs: That used to be the bread and butter of the Democratic Party liberalism. Now it’s socialism. And that—now it’s socialism—used to be the bread and butter of Republican Party revanchism. Now it’s Democratic Party liberalism.

The new line of argument against Sanders winning the nomination is that African American voters are Clinton’s “firewall,” which will engulf the Sanders campaign once it heads South.

There have been God knows how many articles making this claim over the last two days, celebrating the Clintons’ deep and storied relations with the black community—how, whatever the Clintons’ policy positions (support for mass incarceration, welfare reform, etc.), both Hillary and Bill do the kind of retail and symbolic politics that black voters care most about. (I’ll note in passing but not comment on the patronizing condescension of this position). And that we’ll see all of this come into play after Iowa, when the campaign heads to South Carolina.

It could be true.

But first let’s go to the Wayback Machine and see how black leaders in South Carolina responded in 2008 the last time the Clintons worked their magic there:

Speaking of Jim Clyburn and South Carolina, he was on NBC recently, talking about Clinton’s firewall in 2016. Start listening at 2:30, where he says that if Sanders wins by ten points in Iowa, that firewall could disappear very quickly. As it did in 2008.

And lo and behold: According to a poll released last week, support for Clinton in South Carolina is plummeting. Back in December, Clinton had a 36-point lead over Sanders. As of last week, that lead has been cut nearly in half. Forty-seven percent of Democratic voters now favor Clinton; 28% favor Sanders. That’s still a lot of support for Clinton, but it’s considerably smaller than in December, when she had 67% of the vote.

Now it’s true that Sanders hasn’t gotten those defectors from Clinton. What seems to have happened is that a significant chunk of her supporters are reconsidering their support (Sanders’s support is nearly what it was in December). Which could mean many things. One possibility is that voters are waiting to see what happens in Iowa and New Hampshire, where Sanders is doing well.

But the most interesting part of the polls is the racial and gender breakdown of the vote: Clinton is losing a higher percentage of her black supporters than of her white supporters, and Sanders is making greater gains among women than among men.

On December 17, this is how the polls looked (see the thirteenth page, which is labeled page six):

On January 22 (the poll was actually concluded on the 15th), this is how the polls looked:

Between December and January, we see major drops in support for Clinton among all categories of voters. But there’s a greater drop among black voters (30%) than among white voters (24% drop). There’s also a virtually identical drop among male (36%) and female (34%) voters.

Sanders’s support among black voters remains practically the same as it was in December (he sees a tiny drop among white voters). But more interesting is that while he’s made gains among both male and female voters, the gains among women (28%) are much greater than among men (13%).

Remember Sister Souljah? In 1992, Bill Clinton chose to go after her as a signal to white voters that he and the Democrats were no longer beholden to black voters. It was a signature moment not only for him but also for the Democratic Party: They weren’t going to be the party of quotas, welfare and black people. Which makes the claim that Sanders is bad—and Clinton is great—on race all the more galling. Have we forgotten everything? Well, there’s one figure in the United States today who hasn’t: Sister Souljah. Back in November, she spoke out against Clinton’s campaign. 4. A Little Nutty and a Little Slutty Speaking of forgetting everything: David Brock, the man who called Anita Hill “a little bit nutty and a little bit slutty,” now says “black lives don’t matter much to Bernie Sanders.” Brock is described here as “a top Clinton ally” who “runs several super PACs aiding her candidacy.” Only in this country could such a charlatan make these sorts of claims and get away with it. As Sanders surges in the polls in Iowa and New Hampshire—opening up an 8-point lead in Iowa and a 27-point lead in New Hampshire—and the pundits and party elites get squirmier and squirmier about his possible victory, I’m reminded of this line from Brecht: Would it not be easier

 In that case for the government

 To dissolve the people

 And elect another?

First they came for the Revolution because I was not a Revolution. Then they came for the Parliamentary Socialism because I was not a Parliamentary Socialism. Then they came for the Third Party because I was not a Third Party. Then they came for the Democratic Wing of the Democratic Party because I was not a Democratic Wing of the Democratic Party. Then they came for the Green Lantern because I was not a Green Lantern.

Speaking of German writers, in “The German Ideology,” Marx wrote, “In all ideology men and their circumstances appear upside-down as in a camera obscura.” I was reminded of that quote when I stumbled across this story from the summer. Back in July, while everyone was touting Clinton’s sensitivity and deftness (and Sanders’ insensitivity and tone-deafness) around issues of mass incarceration and Black Lives Matter, this little tidbit was reported in the Intercept. And completely ignored: Lobbyists for two major prison companies are serving as top fundraisers for Hillary Clinton….Richard Sullivan, of the lobbying firm Capitol Counsel, is a bundler for the Clinton campaign, bringing in $44,859 in contributions in a few short months. Sullivan is also a registered lobbyist for the Geo Group, a company that operates a number of jails, including immigrant detention centers, for profit. As we reported yesterday, fully five Clinton bundlers work for the lobbying and law firm Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld. Corrections Corporation of America, the largest private prison company in America, paid Akin Gump $240,000 in lobbying fees last year. The firm also serves as a law firm for the prison giant, representing the company in court….The Geo Group, in a disclosure statement for its investors, notes that its business could be “adversely affected by changes in existing criminal or immigration laws, crime rates in jurisdictions in which we operate, the relaxation of criminal or immigration enforcement efforts, leniency in conviction, sentencing or deportation practices, and the decriminalization of certain activities that are currently proscribed by criminal laws or the loosening of immigration laws.” Apparently, the new rule of American politics is: So long as you say the right thing, you can do anything. Postscript: In October, Clinton was forced to stop working with these clowns from the prison industrial complex. And return all the money. Sanders never had to return a dime. Because he never took a dime. Sanders has gotten a lot of heat from the left for saying he’s against reparations. It’s a complicated issue, the substance of which I don’t want to comment on here. Instead I’ll just note that in 2008 another presidential candidate was asked about his position on reparations. Here’s what he had to say: Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama opposes offering reparations to the descendants of slaves, putting him at odds with some black groups and leaders.The man with a serious chance to become the nation’s first black president argues that government should instead combat the legacy of slavery by improving schools, health care and the economy for all. “I have said in the past — and I’ll repeat again — that the best reparations we can provide are good schools in the inner city and jobs for people who are unemployed,” the Illinois Democrat said recently. “Let’s not be naive. Sen. Obama is running for president of the United States, and so he is in a constant battle to save his political life,” said Kibibi Tyehimba, co-chair of theNational Coalition of Blacks for Reparations in America. “In light of the demographics of this country, I don’t think it’s realistic to expect him to do anything other than what he’s done.” But this is not a position Obama adopted just for the presidential campaign. He voiced the same concerns about reparations during his successful run for the Senate in 2004. I pointed this out on Twitter to Killer Mike, the rapper who’s supporting Sanders. He retweeted me, which may be just about the biggest endorsement on Twitter I’ve ever gotten. Except for that time Morgan Fairchild retweeted me. And that time John Cusack retweeted me. But who’s counting? After Human Rights Campaign and Planned Parenthood endorsed Clinton, Sanders said they were part of “the establishment.” Clinton and her supporters made a big to-do of it. But this response from Garance Franke-Ruta was the most sublime: Bernie remarks a reminder how left economics & new social movements—civil rights, women’s rights, gay rights—have always been uneasy allies

No, not really.

Back in 1985, that old dinosaur of a socialist Bernie Sanders was signing a Gay Pride Day Proclamation on the grounds that gay rights were civil rights.

Back in the 1990s, while the Clintons were supporting DOMA and “don’t ask, don’t tell,” that old dinosaur of a socialist helped lead the opposition to both policies on the grounds that they were anti-gay.

And throughout his career in the Senate, Sanders got consistently higher ratings from civil rights organizations than Clinton did while she was a senator.

The only thing this whole episode is a reminder of is how poorly journalists do their job.

Speaking of the establishment, Clinton is now claiming that it’s Sanders who’s the establishment, while she is, I don’t know what. Whatever she calls herself, I wonder what she calls this:

You’ll be hearing a lot in the coming weeks about what a political savant Hillary Clinton is—and what a political naif Bernie Sanders is. You already have. On Sunday or Monday, I counted five such articles alone. Here’s some information to consider when you hear that kind of talk: Even though the Clinton team has sought to convey that it has built a national operation, the campaign has invested much of its resources in the Feb. 1 caucuses in Iowa, hoping that a victory there could marginalize Mr. Sanders and set Mrs. Clinton on the path to the nomination. As much as 90 percent of the campaign’s resources are now split between Iowa and the Brooklyn headquarters, according to an estimate provided by a person with direct knowledge of the spending. The campaign denied that figure. The campaign boasted last June, when Mrs. Clinton held her kickoff event on Roosevelt Island in New York, that it had at least one paid staff member in all 50 states. But the effort did not last, and the staff members were soon let go or reassigned….For all its institutional advantages, the Clinton campaign lags behind the Sanders operation in deploying paid staff members: For example, Mr. Sanders has campaign workers installed in all 11 of the states that vote on Super Tuesday. Mrs. Clinton does not. Even Bill Clinton is questioning the strategic wisdom of the Clinton campaign: Bill Clinton is getting nervous.With polls showing Bernie Sanders ahead in New Hampshire and barely behind, if at all, in Iowa, the former president is urging his wife to start looking toward the delegate-rich March primaries — a shift for an organizing strategy that’s been laser-focused on the early states. Bill Clinton, according to a source with firsthand knowledge of the situation, has been phoning campaign manager Robby Mook almost daily to express concerns about the campaign’s organization in the March voting states, which includes delegate bonanzas in Florida, Illinois, Ohio and Texas. Many Clinton allies share the president’s desire for more organization on the ground; they see enthusiasm that’s ready to be channeled, but no channel yet in place. “Iowa matters a ton, but it seems to be the campaign’s only focus,” said one person close to the campaign’s operations in a March state — one of nearly a dozen Clinton allies with whom POLITICO spoke for this article. “It’s going to be a long primary, and the campaign seems less prepared for it than they were in 2008.” 11. We Are All Socialists Now From the great state of Iowa: Little noticed in this week’s Des Moines Register-Bloomberg Politics Iowa poll was this finding: a remarkable 43 percent of likely Democratic caucus participants describe themselves as socialists, including 58 percent of Sanders’s supporters and about a third of Clinton’s. Senator Bernie Sanders’s speech on Thursday explaining his democratic socialist ideology carried little risk among supporters and other Democrats: A solid majority of them have a positive impression of socialism, according to a New York Times/CBS News poll released this month. Fifty-six percent of those Democratic primary voters questioned said they felt positive about socialism as a governing philosophy, versus 29 percent who took a negative view. Another pundit trope is that Sanders is not popular among women. There is a gender gap in this primary, in fact, but it’s not only the one you may have heard about. According to the latest USA Today poll: There is a gender gap as well — and not the one that favors Clinton among baby boomer women. Men under 35 support Sanders by 4 percentage points. Women back him by almost 20 points. The possibility of breaking new ground by electing the first female president apparently carries less persuasive power among younger women than their mothers’ generation.Stone is ready to support Clinton, though she prefers Sanders. “He’s actually talking about breaking up the big banks and helping income inequality,” she says, “and given that I’m currently unemployed, income inequality is pretty important.” A fact that apparently has caught the Clinton campaign completely off-guard: Mrs. Clinton and her team say they always anticipated the race would tighten, with campaign manager Robby Mook telling colleagues last spring that Mr. Sanders would be tough competition. Yet they were not prepared for Mr. Sanders to become so popular with young people and independents, especially women, whom Mrs. Clinton views as a key part of her base. Chelsea Clinton, who lives in a Gramercy Park apartment that she and her husband bought three years ago for $10.5 million, says: I was curious if I could care about (money) on some fundamental level, and I couldn’t. Reminds me of that old joke: One fish asks another, “How’s the water?” The other replies, “What the hell is water?” 14. The Immense and Shitty Hassle of Everyday Life Under Capitalism… Arin Dube launched an interesting discussion on his Facebook page the other day. Riffing off of a bunch of Paul Krugman’s posts, which are fairly critical of Sanders’ healthcare plans, Arin wondered whether Sanders’ focus on single-payer, after all the drama and struggle over Obamacare and its achievements in terms of extended coverage, really makes political sense. There are excellent arguments on all sides, and Arin’s voice is always one that I listen to. But I posted this comment on his page because I have this nagging feeling that a lot of the discussion around healthcare and insurance in the media is missing a critical reality. I’m posting it less as a definitive statement and more as an opening to see if my own intuitions and experiences track with those of others. I recognize that I really could be an outlier here, so feel free to tell me that I am. I just find it hard to believe that my experience of this system is so completely sui generis. Anyway, here’s an edited version of what I said: Can I speak to this less from the policy or political perspective or more from the individual perspective, as a way of getting to the political perspective?My family has insurance: I get mine from CUNY and my wife and daughter get theirs from my wife’s employer. From what I can gather, we have decent insurance. Yet when I think about the mountains of time I have to spend dealing with health care and insurance—the submission of forms, the resubmission of forms, haggling with the insurance companies to make sure things that should be covered are covered (or simply to make sure that forms are being processed at all), getting the doctor to revise forms b/c the diagnostic or procedure codes may not be correct or may have changed (which they do with alarming frequency, it seems)—and the consistent surprises I experience about how much we still have to pay—after the deductibles, the premiums, the co-pays, the out-of-networks are accounted for—before we even get reimbursed, I can’t quite believe the statements that are out there about how there’s just not a constituency for further reform. Again, we have pretty good insurance. We are pretty healthy and don’t have out-of-the-ordinary needs. We are comparatively well off and highly educated. Yet there’s an inordinate hassle of time, and in the end a lot of costs we have to absorb ourselves (and a tremendous amount of confusion, despite my PhD, about how those costs get calculated and distributed), which I find maddening (and expensive!) Am I just that sui generis? Or is it that the academic and media discourse is so focused on a certain kind of aggregate data that it ignores that there are huge costs that are being shouldered by individuals—and that if there were political leadership that could really speak to those costs, there might be more of a constituency than we realize? What I take Sanders to be doing is making these individual costs a public or political problem; what I see mostly happening in the discussion is a shuffling off of those costs onto the individual so that they simply disappear from the political calculus. It’s a classic issue of politics: one side (a very small side, it seems) wants to make what is personal and individual into something public and political, while another side— including, it seems, a lot of reformers—tends to escort those personal and individual experiences off into the shadows. What I’m saying here doesn’t confront, I recognize, the reality of the institutional intransigence of those who are opposed to reform. That’s a separate issue. But when I hear that Obamacare has solved this problem for 90% of the population, and I think that my family is up there in the relatively well off sector of that population yet experiences significant costs and burdens that we find very hard to shoulder and understand—well, I just wonder if we’re really seeing this reality whole. I was building here on an old theme of mine: the immense and shitty hassle of everyday life that is life in contemporary capitalism. I wrote about that in Jacobin a few years ago. In the neoliberal utopia, all of us are forced to spend an inordinate amount of time keeping track of each and every facet of our economic lives….We saw a version of it during the debate on Obama’s healthcare plan. I distinctly remember, though now I can’t find it, one of those healthcare whiz kids — maybe it was Ezra Klein — tittering on about the nifty economics and cool visuals of Obama’s plan: how you could go to the web, check out the exchange, compare this little interstice of one plan with that little interstice of another, and how great it all was because it was just so fucking complicated. I thought to myself: you’re either very young or an academic. And since I’m an academic, and could only experience vertigo upon looking at all those blasted graphs and charts, I decided whoever it was, was very young. Only someone in their twenties — whipsmart enough to master an inordinately complicated law without having to make real use of it — could look up at that Everest of words and numbers and say: Yes! There’s freedom! This has nothing to do with the election, but what the hell? I did manage, when I wasn’t tearing my hair out or having an aneurism over the campaign commentary, to read a lot of Clarence Thomas and secondary work on commercial speech. And it struck me in reading all this material that Citizens United and campaign finance law may be a massive sideshow to the real drama around money/speech that’s occurring in conservative jurisprudential circles. Conservatives aim, it seems, to use the First Amendment to strike down entire economic regulatory regimes at the state and federal levels. On the grounds that so much of commercial life is a mode of speech, which should be protected like other modes of speech. In one instance they struck down a licensing law in D.C. that required tour guides to be registered with the city: violation of free speech. Thomas is at the center of this, and it’s really unclear how far the conservatives on the Court will be willing to go. It raises some fascinating questions because the connection between money and speech—as I’m discovering in this excellent dissertation I’ve been reading—is an old and surprisingly complicated one in political theory, in which Aristotle and Locke play critical roles. (Locke’s pamphlet against the devaluation of the pound may have been, according to this author, the single most influential writing he did up until the 19th century.) Anyway, lots going on in this arena, which we should all be paying more attention to. There’s a lot of fretting—both well meaning and cynical—out there about whether Sanders can win. Here’s the deal, people. For the last decade and a half, we’ve been treated to lecture after lecture from on high about how if you want things to change, you have to build from below. Well, that process has been going on for some time. Unlike purists of the left and purists of the center (who are the most insufferable purists of all, precisely because they think they’re not), I look at the various fits and starts of the last 15 years—from Seattle to the Nader campaign to the Iraq War protests to the Dean campaign to the Obama campaign to Occupy to the various student debt campaigns to Black Lives Matter—as part of a continuum, where men and women, young and old, slowly relearn the art of politics. Whose first rule is: If you want x, shoot for 1,000x, and whose second rule is: It’s not whether you fail (you probably will), but how you fail, whether you and your comrades are still there afterward to pick up the pieces and learn from your mistakes. Though I’ve not been involved in all these efforts, I know from the ones that I have been involved in that people are learning these rules. But at some point, you have to put that knowledge to the test. Now the Sanders campaign is putting it to the test. Is it too soon? Maybe, probably, I have no idea. None of us does. But you can’t possibly think we got anything decent in this country without men and women before us taking these—and far greater—risks, taking these—and far greater—gambles. Sometimes I think Americans fear failure in politics not for the obvious and well grounded reasons but because they are, well, Americans, that is, men and women who live in a capitalist civilization where success is a religious duty and failure a sin, where Thou Shalt Succeed is the First Commandment, and Thou Shalt Not Fail the Tenth. Is it not the right time for the Sanders campaign? The Republicans control the Congress, Sanders might lose to Trump or whomever, we don’t have the organizational forces in place yet? Well, re the first two concerns, when will that not be the case? As for the third, well, that’s a very real concern to me. But we won’t know in the abstract or on paper; we have to see it in action to know. Right now, the voters of Iowa and New Hampshire are telling the pundits and fetters: We are reality, deny us at your own peril. (I’m fantasizing a campaign where Sanders racks up more and more victories, and the pundits get more and more hysterical: He can’t win, he can’t win!) Maybe the putative realists—for whom reality seems to be more of a fetish or magical incantation—ought to listen to them. Oh, and did I mention that I got retweeted by Killer Mike?",1
1931,How Candidates Announce Can Say A Lot About Their Campaigns,"How Candidates Announce Can Say A Lot About Their Campaigns

Now that Democrat Hillary Clinton has officially launched her presidential campaign, the 2016 race for the White House is underway.

The GOP got its third entrant in what is shaping up to be a crowded field when Florida Sen. Marco Rubio announced his bid Monday.

How and where a candidate chooses to roll out a campaign can say a lot about the type of race he or she intends to run, at least in the early going.

Rubio announced from his hometown of Miami at the Freedom Tower. This is not by coincidence. Rubio, a relative newcomer to national politics, will use this locale to underscore his biography as a son of Cuban immigrants who represents the new face of the GOP. On Monday, Freedom Tower was described by Morning Edition's Renee Montagne as ""kind of Statue of Liberty for Cuban-Americans."" The site was used as a processing center for Cubans fleeing the Castro regime in the 1960s.

Contrast Rubio's rollout with Clinton's foray into the 2016 race over the weekend. She used a highly produced video in which she proclaims, ""I'm running for president."" No need for a TV-ready backdrop for her announcement; she's been a household name for some 20 years. Her biggest hurdles are relatability and showing her Democratic base she's not taking anything for granted — ready to roll up her sleeves to earn the party's nomination.

The first time you actually see Clinton comes more than 90 seconds into the video and after brief testimonials, including from a gay couple talking about their upcoming wedding, a black heterosexual couple preparing for the arrival of a newborn and a Latino mother moving to a new home so her soon-to-be kindergarten-age daughter can attend a better school. Viewers see Clinton, who has been in a protective Secret Service bubble for two decades, interacting with ordinary Americans, a nod to the stripped-down, retail politicking campaign she plans to kick off in Iowa starting Tuesday.

As NPR's Domenico Montanaro pointed out over the weekend, Clinton's video isn't terribly different from 2007 when she launched a Web-only video in which she said, ""Let the conversation begin."" Back then, she had stiff competition in then-Sen. Barack Obama, who announced his candidacy in Springfield, Ill., on the grounds of the Old State Capitol — the same place where in 1858 Abraham Lincoln delivered his ""House Divided"" speech.

Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican nominee, like Clinton now, was making his second run for the White House. The former governor of Massachusetts opted to announce his first run in 2007 from The Henry Ford museum in Dearborn, Mich. He did so to highlight his ties to the state. His father was governor there and the senior Romney also ran unsuccessfully for the presidency in 1968. In an effort to counter the criticism that his wealth made him out of touch, Romney switched gears and went for a stripped-down approach in 2011. He announced on a farm in New Hampshire in an effort to cultivate support from voters in that early-voting state.

The two other announced 2016 candidates, Republican Sens. Rand Paul of Kentucky and Ted Cruz of Texas, also announced in two different types of places. One represents ""home""; the other, the type of constituency the candidate would like to woo.

Paul announced in Louisville, Ky., a liberal-leaning city within his Republican-leaning state. NPR's Don Gonyea, who covered the rollout, said the libertarian-leaning conservative is running as a ""nontraditional Republican"" who is trying to broaden the GOP's appeal beyond its traditional base. Paul, whose father, Ron, is a congressman from Texas, grew up in the Lone Star State. He attended Baylor University in Texas before going to Duke Medical School in North Carolina. But afterward, Paul and his wife moved to Kentucky, where they started their family.

On the other hand, Cruz chose Liberty University. He has no ties to the college, a Southern Baptist institution founded by Jerry Falwell. He went to school at Princeton and Harvard and grew up in Texas. But the backdrop is a beacon for any candidate interested in coalescing support among evangelicals or born-again Christians. And that's key in early states like Iowa and South Carolina, where more than half of Republican voters identify as white evangelical or born-again Christians.",1
2963,Obama speech: Reassurances about ISIS fall flat in Oval Office address,"In the wake of the worst terrorist attack in America since 9/11, President Obama could have used his Oval Office address on Sunday night to announce different policies than the ones that have obviously failed to keep America safe from radical Islam.

He could have explained why a long-feared arrival of low-tech, soft-target terrorism had occurred, and what he would do to rectify the problem—beginning with apologizing for giving a U.S. visa to a jihadist from Pakistan and agreeing to stop his plan to bring more Syrian refugees here.

He could have announced a plan to undermine the ideology of our enemies—radical Islam—which impelled Syed Farook and Tashfeen Malik to wage war in San Bernardino last week.

Instead he did what he always does with security threats: blame others for his administration’s lapses and do the minimum to appear to be reacting to them without actually doing anything.

In calling for Congress to ban those on the no-fly list from buying guns, Obama is attempting one of his trademark shifts in blame for problems he has created.  The president instinctively wants to react to every security threat by assailing his domestic opponents.

Even if his proposed ban and other gun control measures were in place, they would not have stopped the attack in San Bernardino.  Recent attacks like those in Paris show that jihadists have little problem overcoming gun laws, which serve mainly to disarm the law-abiding.  Obama could also look to his adopted hometown of Chicago to see that gun control doesn’t work.

Obama’s moralizing about avoiding “suspicion and hate” implied, once again, that Americans are bigoted — another attempt to shift blame.  It echoed a statement last week by Attorney General Loretta Lynch that the government would prosecute anti-Muslim speech that “edges toward violence,” whatever that means.

Thus did our government reveal its contempt for us and our Constitution in the wake of an attack it failed to prevent.

Obama’s reassurances about the fight against ISIS fell flat.  In effect, a ragtag army of about 20,000 men have stood up to a year and a half of a U.S.-led war and prevailed—all the while expanding their influence around the globe.  Their success has inspired attacks like the ones in Paris and San Bernardino.

Calling for Congress to approve retroactively his anti-ISIS campaign, as he did again in his Sunday evening prime time address, will do nothing to improve the flagging effort.  This is merely another attempt to shift blame for failure down Pennsylvania Avenue from the White House to Congress.

Obama failed to climb down from his assessment that ISIS is “contained”—something that not even his own top general believes.

The president also preemptively surrendered to ISIS insurgents he said would sap any American-led ground forces, despite the success of the 2007 surge in Iraq that proved otherwise, and the fact that a U.S-led coalition could turn administration of Syria over to local tribes after destroying ISIS.

Sunday nights’ sad speech makes one wonder what the White House was thinking.  Obama has always resisted addresses from the Oval Office for unclear reasons.  In one of only two other such speeches during his tenure, he cheered our exit from Iraq, in which hard-won American gains were thrown away and the vacuum ISIS would eventually fill was created.

Whatever the reason, his aversion to Oval Office addresses may have been wise: the setting doesn’t suit him.

The office awaits a new president who can confidently explain how a restored America with restored alliances can defeat ISIS rapidly and with overwhelming force, fight back in the cultural and ideological war radical Islam is waging against us, and defend rather than blame the American people.   



Christian Whiton was a State Department senior advisor in the George W. Bush administration. He is author of ""2003-2009. He is the author of ""Smart Power: Between Diplomacy and War"" (Potomac Books, 2013).",1
4326,Fiorina wins when she stumps Trump,"(CNN) CNN Opinion asked a range of contributors for their take on the CNN debate of Republican presidential candidates. Who were the winners and losers? The opinions expressed in these commentaries are theirs.

The Republican race for president just got a lot more serious.

At the second Republican presidential debate, there was minimal name-calling and personal insults by Donald Trump, and all of the candidates not named Donald Trump rushed into the void, taking advantage of an opportunity to make a good impression -- succeeding more often than not.

The clearest winner of the debate was Carly Fiorina, who successfully challenged Trump -- criticizing his wisecracks about her personal appearance and challenging his credentials as a global businessman by deftly ticking off hotspots around the world and suggesting ways she would tackle them.

But other candidates took turns at laying out specific plans and contrasting their ideas with those of their rivals. Sen. Rand Paul, a libertarian, took issue with Jeb Bush's vow to crack down on recreational marijuana, and Chris Christie jumped into the conversation to warn about the dangers of marijuana use leading to abuse of harder drugs -- a point underscored by Fiorina, who talked about the death of her stepdaughter, who was a drug user.

The big news in all of this was that the field of candidates weren't dancing to Trump's tune. Instead, they talked in a serious way about serious issues, and for considerable swaths of the debate it was possible to forget Trump was onstage at all: Marco Rubio and Christie went back and forth on climate change, and Ted Cruz debated Bush over the process and criteria for naming Supreme Court justices. Ben Carson argued for a two-tier minimum wage.

It remains true that a large percentage of the Republican voting base is disgusted by politicians and convinced that a brash straight-talker like Trump might fix this. But the debate served as a reminder that Trump's 30% support also means that 70% of Republican voters are looking for a different candidate to support. The debate proved they have plenty of viable choices.

To be taken half as seriously as a man, goes an old adage, a woman must be twice as good. Her male rivals ought to be taking Carly Fiorina a lot more seriously than that today because she was better -- a lot better -- than most of them in the CNN debate.

She came prepared with crisp, coherent responses to nearly every issue raised and delivered two of the best monologues of the night -- one when she spoke movingly about burying a child lost to drug addiction, the other about empowering every woman to realize her aspirations. She also put down Donald Trump on his slur about her face; he lamely praised her looks when, instead, he should have apologized.

Trump seemed tight at the start, needlessly picking fights, but he got his bearings halfway through and finished upbeat. I doubt he will pay much of a price for his early bombast but he may well see Fiorina, more than Ben Carson, soon nipping at his heels.

A debate that seemed long did have one major virtue: it allowed other candidates far more openings to distinguish themselves. Marco Rubio and Chris Christie took the most advantage: both were much more effective than in the first debate. The race itself, like the debate, is likely to seesaw back and forth for many weeks to come.

David Gergen is a senior political analyst for CNN and has been a White House adviser to four presidents. A graduate of Harvard Law School, he is a professor of public service and co-director of the Center for Public Leadership at the Harvard Kennedy School.

Carly Fiorina won on style and substance. Unlike Marco Rubio, who dominated the few times he spoke, Fiorina made sure she had more than a few bites at the mic. Unlike Jeb Bush, who could only politely respond to Donald Trump's insults, while still losing most of the exchanges, Fiorina proved to be the only candidate who could effectively push back on Trump and his substance-free assertions.

Her perfectly calibrated and classy response to his insult of her face was an instant classic destined to dominate debate highlight reels. Now Trump is calling Carly Fiorina a ""wonderful person"" and ""beautiful."" That's the Trump-English definition for ""apology. "" That's Fiorina-English for ""a win.""

Fiorina handled the attacks on her business record deftly and then attacked Trump's habit of hanging creditors out to dry in the wake of his bankruptcies. For a GOP generally in trouble with women, she's the only candidate that could get away with calling the move to change the face on the $20 bill a pander. And she's right. We should know our history and make new history -- today -- by considering Carly Fiorina the breakout top tier candidate of Round 2.

Margaret Hoover is the president of the right-leaning advocacy group American Unity Fund, and author of ""American Individualism: How a New Generation of Conservatives Can Save the Republican Party."" She is the host of SiriusXM's ""Get It Right with Margaret Hoover.""

Trump came out swinging -- but ended up missing. Not only wasn't he substantive -- again -- but he made some pretty bizarre statements. He thinks a flat tax is more complicated than a regressive tax. He said that vaccines cause autism. He wants Syria and ISIS to fight each other. He will get along with Putin. This stuff doesn't hold up to scrutiny. The question is whether any is ever applied to Trump.

Ben Carson also suffered some serious stumbles that will likely hurt him, namely the bizarre suggestion that a ""bully pulpit"" would have been a better response to 9/11 than fighting terrorists. Saying that Americans aren't willing to perform agriculture jobs, that our Air Force isn't ""capable"" and our Marines aren't ""ready,"" is pretty irresponsible stuff.

I think Carly Fiorina, on the other hand, managed to beat already high expectations. She was sharp, quick on her feet and delivered more than one great applause line. Particularly effective was her emotional plea to defund Planned Parenthood. And she used every opportunity to get as granular and specific on policy as she could. I expect her poll numbers to rise.

S.E. Cupp is the author of ""Losing Our Religion: The Liberal Media's Attack on Christianity,"" co-author of ""Why You're Wrong About the Right"" and a columnist at the New York Daily News.

No big themes, no clear sense of vision emerged from the three hours of jawing in tonight's debate. Such are the downsides, I suppose, of putting 11 candidates on a stage and divvying up 1-minute slots for each candidate to make a mark.

So we saw flashes of Christie the populist, Fiorina the Trump slayer, Kasich the sunny multilateralist, Trump the bombast, Rand the constitutionalist, Carson the logician. But their claims didn't add up to much that was especially comprehensible, certainly not memorable.

To be sure, there were moments -- the best, perhaps, being Fiorina telling Trump that women across America know exactly what he meant when he insulted her looks. Rubio gave another strong performance, though it remains unclear whether he can capitalize on these performances on the campaign trail. Huckabee and Walker, by contrast, couldn't seem to nudge the conversation much at all.

My wish for the next debate on October 28? We narrow down the list, dig a little deeper and force the candidates to say something serious about the confluence of urban challenges associated with class, race and drug enforcement that, just now, only Rand Paul seems willing to discuss.

Biggest winner: George W. Bush, long forgotten, who was invoked as the man who kept America safe -- a claim that received the loudest applause of the night.

Biggest disappointment: Once again, no serious or sustained discussion of issues involving race, poverty, and violence in American cities. These were barely recognized last go around. They weren't so much as mentioned tonight.

William Howell is the Sydney Stein professor in American politics at the University of Chicago.

Carly Fiorina was the big winner tonight. She is the only candidate to date to take on Trump and come out a winner. She was polished, showed policy depth and has the outsider bio that is so in vogue this year. Fiorina now has more momentum than any Republican candidate not named Trump has had in this campaign.

Rubio was also very sharp tonight, but he seems unable to have the sorts of moments that get shared online and talked out around the dinner table, which is why he went down not up in the polls after a similarly solid performance in the last debate.

Jeb Bush was markedly better than the last debate (which is like being the tallest of the seven dwarves), but his most memorable moment was passionately defending his brother whose legacy is an albatross around his neck.

Ultimately, the eventual Democratic nominee was the biggest winner, because the Republican's continue to unlearn all the lessons of 2012 by taking far right positions on immigration, women's health, and climate change

Dan Pfeiffer is a former senior adviser to President Barack Obama and served in the White House in a variety of roles, including communications director.

At nearly three hours, this was a debate for the true political junkies. To me, the most resonant memory was that of the various Republican presidential candidates, on and off the camera, crying ""Jake! Jake!"" to moderator Jake Tapper, signaling their desire to jump into the discussion.

Ironically for a debate that took place at the Ronald Reagan library, the 2016 hopefuls showed that they differ in style from our 40th president. Reagan was known for his sunny disposition. He was a genial man who did not hurl insults at his rivals. He appealed to Americans' best selves with his innate optimism. By contrast, the Republicans on the stage tonight presented a gloomy vision of our nation, and at time acted peevish and petulant with one another -- a far cry from the courtly Reagan.

Yet for all the attacks on each other, the candidates also missed opportunities to call each other out. Nobody pointed out that, for much of her adult life, Carly Fiorina did not bother to vote at all. Nobody mentioned that, under Sen. Marco Rubio's proposed overhaul of our immigration policies, people like his working class parents would not have been allowed in the country. Nobody asked Mike Huckabee about the religious liberties of American Muslims or Mormons.

The immigration portion of the debate, meanwhile, was a disappointment. The immigration proposal that merited the most discussion was Donald Trump's impractical, inhumane plan for mass deportations. It was disheartening to see legitimate questions about immigration reform devolve into sniping about speaking Spanish, birthright citizenship and -- of course -- border security.

Any serious consideration of what to do with the estimated 11 million undocumented people already here was missing -- as was any mention of the fact that conservative icon Reagan signed the Immigration and Control Act of 1986, which allowed nearly 3 million undocumented immigrants to get amnesty after entering the country illegally.

Equally troubling was the fact that the ""Black Lives Matter"" movement -- one of the most powerful social justice movements of our time -- did not merit any discussion.

The winner tonight? That would be Fiorina. She faced up to personal and professional attacks with aplomb. Her experience in corporate America has clearly given her the skills necessary for making a strong presentation. Not at all hesitant about asserting herself, she proved that she belonged on the big stage tonight.

The loser tonight was Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker. He has been fading in the polls lately, and this was his chance to show potential supporters and donors that he is still a major player. Instead, between Trump's bravado and the occasional flourishes of the other candidates -- Rubio on foreign policy, Fiorina on her business record -- Walker seemed to get lost in the shuffle. Unlike nearly every other candidate, Walker did not have one strong ""moment.""

Like most, I thought Carly Fiorina was tonight's big winner. I think her strongest moment had nothing to do with Donald Trump.

The weak field helped. Trump kicked Jeb Bush around like a failed prospect on ""The Apprentice."" Bush's biggest applause line was defending his brother, which I'm sure the Hillary Clinton campaign loved. Nearly all rushed to promise magical toughness fixes to the Middle East and more deportations, while failing to mention the economy until it was an excuse not to act on climate change.

Fiorina reminds me of a more human Mitt Romney. She is a polished and poised debater. The question is whether her business track record of mass layoffs comes back to haunt her, as it did Romney.

But on Wednesday tonight, she combined personal stories with policy specifics better than anyone else on the stage. Asked about drug policy reform, she gave a heartbreaking account of the loss of a child that moved every watching parent of all parties -- and then transitioned seamlessly into a conservative case for reforming our criminal justice system.

That answer was all the more impressive because it came in the midst of a number of strong responses that showed the broad consensus on scaling back our system of mass incarceration. Kudos to CNN's Jake Tapper for posing a question that moved us past Trump's noisy racism, and provoked Bush's apology to his mom, Fiorina's tearjerker and a healthy dose of substance.

Julian Zelizer: Rivals figure out how to undercut Trump

In the first half of the debate, Donald Trump succeeded in his basic campaign strategy: make the entire contest about him. When most people were watching, Trump was continually a focal point of the discussion. Early, on he launched a series of ad hominem attacks, like telling Rand Paul he shouldn't even be on the stage and making quips about his looks.

This has been his strategy since entering the race -- constantly attack and constantly be attacked. Either way, the result is that Trump is the story. In an age of media-driven politics, where video clips and quick sound bites are the currency of choice, he advances his cause.

During the first two hours, the moderators often used Trump's statements (on immigration or on Fiorina's business record for example) as the basis of their questions to other candidates. Very often the split screen would show answers by someone like Christie, with the other half of the screen still on Trump whether or not this was relevant.

But during the last hour of the debate, when fewer people were watching, his opponents started to show that the best way to undercut is to talk about issues. Besides all the blows Trump suffered, including the basic message that he is an entertainer rather than a leader, the camera was no longer focused on him.

Many of the candidates had their moments. Carly Fiorina scored points with conservatives when she talked about defunding Planned Parenthood, as well as her call for policies to help women in the workplace. Her overall performance, including her retort to Trump's comments about her appearance, won applause. Sen. Marco Rubio offered emotional answers to the questions about immigration and showed his chops on foreign policy.

Sen. Ted Cruz got in a few criticisms of the Supreme Court, while John Kasich boasted of his deep experience and ability to move to the center.

Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker touted the record of his administration, while New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie finally had a chance to talk about issues other than scandalous bridges, including economic growth and law and order. His performance gave a boost to a dying candidacy.

Paul discussed drugs and criminal justice as well as the need to limit American involvement overseas. Ben Carson spoke about vaccine policies and defending free markets and wealth. Jeb Bush had a chance to defend his brother's policies after 9/11, connecting his statements to how he would address terrorism.

Whenever foreign policy came up, Trump almost seemed to duck down behind his lectern. Just as important, all of the candidates started to make tougher statements about former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, remembering that ultimately she would be the main target of the GOP. ""Who will prosecute Hillary Clinton?"" asked Christie.

While this debate probably won't knock Trump off from his pedestal, it offers a road map to his opponents about how to undercut his success. Shifting to issues and shifting to policies -- not allowing him to shape the entire conversation -- is the best way to trump Trump.

Winner: Anyone but Trump, although Trump was not a clear loser.

Maria Cardona: Rivals knew it was make or break

Tonight's debate finally started to break the Trump fever! The other GOP candidates found their inner adults, stood up to Trump -- somewhat -- and importantly, demonstrated their command and experience on policy details and their more realistic solutions to the country's problems.

While they are all wrong on the issues -- their immigration divisiveness and their focus on defunding Planned Parenthood to the point of forcing a government shutdown are dangerous territory and weaken the party's general election viability -- it was clear they all knew how much was riding on their performances.

Carly Fiorina was masterful throughout the debate. She was adroit, witty and showed she would not back down, but did so in a very graceful way. She also schooled Donald Trump and many of the others on foreign policy and other issues. She played and looked the part.

Marco Rubio shone brightly when discussing foreign policy, and his and Fiorina's command of subject matter was a stark contrast with Trump, who was completely absent from the discussion.

Jeb Bush did a much better job this time around, but still lost tonight. He is such a cringe-worthy, awkward candidate. And while he went toe to toe with Trump at times (and had a good, funny line towards the end when asked what Secret Service code name he would choose -- Eveready, he said looking at Trump, because it's ""high energy"" ), he looked uncomfortable in his own skin every time he tried to defend himself or get tough with Trump.

Will this be the beginning of the dimming of Trump, who up until now had gotten away with myths, bluster, distortions and outright lies in the place of facts, solutions, pragmatic approaches, respect and grace? Still early to say, but at least the candidates scored some important points against Trump and used the opportunity to let voters get to know them better.

The biggest winner from Thursday night's CNN Republican presidential candidate debate: Carly Fiorina. Not only did she speak with expertise and fluency on policy, but Fiorina added some emotional inflection and personal touches to connect with the voters. Most importantly of all-- she managed to be the first candidate to go toe-to-toe with Trump on stage and come out the clear victor.

Fiorina was joined by several other candidates with standout performances. Sen. Marco Rubio (who if not the eventual president, might make a great secretary of state) came off as polished on stage and wonky on policy. The same was true for Sen. Ted Cruz, who burnished his constitutionalist credentials at every opportunity and focused his fire on President Barack Obama's administration rather than his fellow GOP candidates. Gov. Chris Christie, for his part, also turned in a solid performance, as he managed to pull off both bravado and charm -- even managing to sound earnestly conservative a few times.

The biggest loser tonight? Donald Trump, not only because he clearly didn't win, but he even failed to be the center of attention beyond the opening minutes of the debate. Trump is, of course, style over substance, but even his style faltered tonight.

And while he had a few entertaining, humorous moments, Trump also had some head-shaking blunders. His non-apology to Fiorina, where he called her ""beautiful,"" crashed and burned -- you could almost hear the groans across America.

Others in the ""not good enough"" category were: Sen. Rand Paul, Gov. Scott Walker and Gov. John Kasich, all of of whom may be following Gov. Rick Perry's lead in exiting the race much sooner than they anticipated.

Surprisingly, this was not episode No. 2 of the ""Trump and Friends"" reality show that many expected (and frankly some hoped for from an entertainment point of view.)

This was much more of a substantive debate, in part because the candidates refused to fight with each other or the moderators -- with a few exceptions, i.e., Donald Trump versus Rand Paul. This allowed the debate to reveal a contrast between the candidates who were pandering, offering conservative GOP primary voters red meat on issues, and those candidates who were being realistic and responsible, such as on issues like immigration and the Iran nuclear deal.

For example, Jake Tapper challenged Donald Trump (using a quote of Ben Carson) about his plan to deport the 11 million plus undocumented immigrants as being unworkable. We heard Ted Cruz boast that he would tear up the Iran deal if elected president. But Trump and Ohio Gov. John Kasich focused on enforcing the agreement. And Carly Fiorina called out Trump's proposal to end birthright citizenship as being wholly impracticable because it would require amending the 14th Amendment.

The race is now moving from the reality show mode to one of substance, which might be a little less exciting, but better for voters in assessing the candidates.

Once again, Carly Fiorina stole the show. Her comfort level on stage, command of the issues and her ability to deliver razor sharp responses, cut down Donald Trump with the precision of a political scalpel. Fiornia accomplished something no other candidate on that stage was yet to do: She made Donald Trump and his egomaniacal, larger than life candidacy look small.

While Trump engaged in his typical nonsequitur, ad hominem attacks, Fiorina came across thoughtful, prepared and tough on issues both foreign and domestic. When Jake Tapper asked Fiorina to respond to Trump's insult of her face during a Rolling Stone interview, and his attempt to walk it back by claiming that he meant her persona not her looks, she simply said to thunderous applause, ""I think women all over this country heard very clearly what Mr. Trump said.""

At that point, Trump pulled up lame. He responded, ""I think she has a beautiful face. She's a beautiful woman,"" which was met with crickets and collective incredulity from the audience. It was one of the most memorable exchanges of the night. It felt as though Trump showed up prepared for a Comedy Central roast, not a debate to help decide the next leader of the free world.

Another standout moment came during a discussion on defunding Planned Parenthood over its fetal organ harvesting controversy when Fiorina looked into the camera and challenged President Obama and Hillary Clinton to ""watch these tapes. ... Watch a fully formed fetus on the table, its heart beating, its legs kicking while someone says we have to keep it alive to harvest its brain. ... This is about the character of our nation, and if we will not stand up and force President Obama to veto this bill, shame on us."" A man sitting next to me said, ""I just got goose bumps."" As did I.

Both Carly Fiorina and Sen. Marco Rubio, who in his own right had another very strong night, especially on foreign policy matters, came across as the adults in the room and delivered powerful performances on issues that resonate with the American people. We'll see if that's reflected in the polls moving forward.

Tara Setmayer is former communication's director for Rep. Dana Rohrabacher, R-California, and a CNN political commentator.",1
5041,Rural America confronts a new class divide,"Farms that once generated wealth for entire communities are now creating a new class of superfarms, which are concentrating wealth and income at the top.

Peanut farmer Gary Dawson fills a water tank just outside Hawkinsville, Ga. Dawson has reduced his permanent crew of workers from dozens in the 1970s to about nine today

The rows of low-slung plants under the hot Georgia sun are deceptive: It’s what grows underground that counts.

“I love this dirt more than anything – except my son,” says farmhand Franklin “Spanky” Laidler, jumping off his red tractor onto a field where peanuts burrow in the ground.

For many, that love of this sandy Southern soil is more than just a way of life, it’s a wealth generator. Mr. Laidler says he works so much that if he was paid hourly instead of salaried, “I’d be a millionaire.” Instead, it’s his boss who has grown wealthy on these 9,000 acres. “He could quit farming now and he’d have nothing to worry about.”

A different harvest takes place at the Pulaski County dump, just outside Hawkinsville. At night, men with headlamps, like monster fireflies, pick through the day’s detritus looking for valuable scraps to sell.

These are two pictures of income inequality in rural America.

The widening gulf between the haves and have nots is not limited to the Rust Belt’s cast-off manufacturing workers, working class suburbanites, or inner-city poor working on a stagnant minimum wage. The same trends have taken hold in farm country, though in different forms. The farms that once generated wealth for entire communities are now creating a new class of superfarmers.

The trend is not unprecedented. When the South was more agrarian, the divide was worse – land ownership was the ultimate “unequalizer.”

But after a period of more equal wealth, the trend is clearly back toward greater inequality, with more money in the hands of the few. Automation has made farm jobs disappear, and at the bottom of the income ladder, many rural residents are still struggling to recover from the Great Recession.

For places like Hawkinsville, these trends represent a deepening challenge for how to sow hope. And yet, rural America retains some advantages for addressing those broken hopes. It begins, experts say, with a willingness to reject the tendency toward insularity and open arms and minds to new ideas.

“Communities that are waiting for either [Donald] Trump or [Hillary] Clinton to come into office and solve all their issues are being unrealistic,” says David Peters, a rural sociologist who studies heartland inequality at Iowa State University in Ames. “Residents and community leaders do, however, have this power to build up trust in the community … [in order] to marshal investment and resources. Yes, it’s difficult. But it’s within their power to change.”

The most striking thing about rural America's inequality is what you don't see. Wealth is not marked by gated communities or mansions. Fashion plates do not strut along Commerce Street in downtown Hawkinsville. Indeed, there’s a ramshackle air to the place, broken only occasionally by the one sign of ostentation: brand-new Ford F-350s growling down the highways.

Yet wealth has been growing here until recently – in part because of a short-term turn in the farming cycle; in part, because of long-term consolidation.

A run of high prices in the aftermath of the Great Recession meant farmers like Gary Dawson were able to slash their debts and pay cash for tractors and more land. He could expand because bigger machinery and improved soil-conditioning techniques allowed him to farm more land more efficiently.

“We started with a four-row harvester and now we’re running a 12-row one,” he says.

The farming cycle is now turning against farmers. Net cash farm income is expected to fall for the fourth year in a row this year. Midwestern farmland prices have fallen sharply from record highs. Nevertheless, by expanding and becoming more efficient, Mr. Dawson is joining the ranks of superfarmers – a longterm trend that is putting farm production and wealth into fewer and fewer hands.

The level of concentration varies by crop and by region.

A quarter-century ago, the South's big cotton farmers (with at least 1,000 acres planted) were already producing 30 percent of the nation's crop; by 2007, it was half, according to the United States Department of Agriculture. Midwestern corn and soybean farmers – once the backbone of a rural middle class – are moving in the same direction. By 2007, big farmers produced nearly a third of the corn crop (up from 9 percent in 1992).

“What most people think of as family farms don’t exist in large numbers anymore, but what exists are large family businesses … in the $3 to $5 million range,” says Mr. Peters, the Iowa State sociologist.

And the bigger the farm, the bigger its average profit margin. By 2011, as crop prices were rising, the average midsize family farm was worth $2.6 million and earned $156,000 a year – two-thirds of that from farming. Large family farms were worth $4.8 million and earning $413,000; very large farms, just under $10 million and earning $1.7 million.

As this wealth accumulates, it is being spread to fewer and fewer people. The midsize to very large operations represent less than 8 percent of the 2.1 million farm households in the United States, most of which rely on income outside agriculture for their livelihood. And as the big operations become more mechanized and efficient, they're not hiring droves of new farmhands. Mr. Dawson has reduced his permanent crew from dozens in the 1970s to about nine today.

“A typical [large] farmer is not going to admit that they’re making hundreds of thousands of dollars a year, in part because nowadays … those who have traditionally performed jobs on the farm are left out of any sort of share in the wealth that’s being produced,” says Jonathan Bryant, a history professor at Georgia Southern University in Statesboro, who studies small-town life in the South. “That’s become a difficult situation for a lot of folks, and many just leave. Those that don’t are the people you see in those clustered groups of rotting trailer houses: They’re stuck as much as some person in a Central American country is stuck.”

In Hawkinsville, over half of its high school graduates leave for college or someplace else every year and don’t come back. Despite his success in farming, Dawson's children have gone on to professional work elsewhere. His daughter is an architect; his son works at Robins Air Force Base, just up the road, as a software technician.

For those who haven’t shared in the farm boom, the disparity looks exactly like despair.

Count Rex Milner and his wife, Leeanne, among them. As a just-weaned kitten attacks a rock in their front yard, they describe what seems a far cry from a rural paradise in middle Georgia. Yes, they can float down the lazy Ocmulgee River in inner tubes – the local go-to entertainment. But as with hundreds here, the Milners rely not on a paycheck but on a federal disability check, which they pad with what amounts to a permanent yard sale. “You’ve got to scrounge for every dollar you get,” says Mr. Milner, a junk dealer who combs the countryside and flea markets for items he can mark up and sell. “It’s never been this bad, the economy.”

They’d love to move to another place and start over. But cash-poor and burdened with high-interest debt, he says, “We’re stuck.""

For the most part, locals like the Milners don’t blame big farmers. After all, it’s hard to criticize those whose hard work has been bolstered by good fortune, even though they may have been born into a land-rich family. Instead, it’s Hillary Clinton or President Obama who are the main targets of bitter complaints.

""Inequality works both ways: It’s not just concentration of wealth, but it’s also what happens at the bottom,” says Peters, the rural sociologist. “The upshot is that the trend of the withering middle class has occurred in rural areas much further and quicker than in urban and metro communities in general.”

The current rural inequality is not unheard of, at least in the South.

“We have seen this kind of inequality before, and it’s when we were highly agriculturally dependent in the nation,” says Linda Lobao, a rural sociologist at Ohio State University in Columbus. “It’s always the case with land in rural communities: land makes power. And power often doesn’t want change.""

Farmers in the 1970s also saw several good years back-to-back and bid up land prices, only to see the farm economy collapse in the 1980s. When land prices crashed, many indebted operators lost their farms Another price downturn could happen, squeezing farm incomes again. Net cash income is projected to fall by a third this year versus the 2012 peak. And land prices have already begun to ease downward.

Hawkinsville is not thriving: A restaurant featuring “best burgers in town” is not open at the supper hour. Town fathers have been working for 30 years to renovate an old opera house, But it's still not done. An old firehouse shows cracks in its foundation, waiting, year after year, for renovation.

Sociologists say reforms may have to run deeper than opera house grants for many divided farm towns grappling for survival in the new economy.

According to Peters and Professor Lobao, rural communities that have managed to thrive despite the dour employment dynamics exhibit similar values: an openness to change and outsiders. In many parts of the country, rural towns that have welcomed immigrants, especially, have seen their downtowns, if not thrive, at least manage a slower population decline than more insular communities.

Last year, the White House Rural Council launched Rural Impact, which is helping 10 rural and tribal communities fight income inequality primarily by giving children more educational options. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack calls it a “whole-family framework for addressing child poverty.”

More broadly, “the key is to try to organize people in some manner to put more claims on local government, to gain more political power,” says Lobao. In many income-divided towns, she adds, there’s a sense that those who don’t farm are “subject to forces that are beyond their control, which leads to a more fatalistic approach.”

But in a recent survey of 99 struggling farm towns, adds Peters, “we find that communities that have higher levels of social capital – the level to which people trust one another, and whether they’re tolerant of different opinions and allow newcomers to be involved in decisionmaking and power structures – those tend to have better economic and demographic outcomes.”

[Editor's note: The cutline for the photo of Franklin 'Spanky' Laidler has been corrected to correspond with his quote in the story.]",1
784,"In The Name Of Party Unity, Trump Meets With Ryan, Other GOP Leaders","In The Name Of Party Unity, Trump Meets With Ryan, Other GOP Leaders

Donald Trump arrived in Washington, D.C., on Thursday to meet with his party's congressional leaders to hash out their differences and talk GOP unity ahead of what is likely to be a pitched general-election battle against Hillary Clinton.

First up was a private meeting with House Speaker Paul Ryan. The two arrived around 9 a.m. ET at the Republican National Committee in a session orchestrated by RNC Chairman Reince Priebus.

Swarms of journalists, protesters and onlookers crowded around the building just behind the U.S. Capitol. The crazy scene included a Trump impersonator in a huge piñata mask mocking Trump on a megaphone, immigration activists, signs that read ""Trump is a racist"" and ""Islamophobia is un-American,"" and chants of ""GOP RIP, GOP RIP.""

Leaders entered through the back door, avoiding a media scrum of 50 or so reporters.

Ryan sent shock waves through the GOP when he announced last week that he was not yet ready to embrace the New York businessman as the GOP standard-bearer.

""It's going to take more than a week just to repair and unify this party,"" Ryan told the Wall Street Journal in a Facebook Live interview. ""If we just pretend we're unified without actually unifying, then we'll be at half-strength in the fall, and that won't go well for us.""

Ryan told reporters that he does not really know Trump. They met briefly in 2012 when Ryan ran on Mitt Romney's presidential ticket. The two men also spoke on the phone in March.

Ryan said the meeting is, in part, a relationship-building exercise. He told reporters Wednesday that he does not expect he will change Trump's mind on policy matters where they disagree, but he wants the Trump wing and the Ryan wing of the party to work together this fall.

""This is a big-tent party,"" Ryan said. ""There is room for different policy disputes in this party. We come from different wings of the party. The goal here is to unify the various wings of the party around common principles so we can go forward unified.""

Trump initially dissed Ryan for not endorsing his campaign, but he offered a more conciliatory tone in an interview with Fox's Bill O'Reilly.

""I have a lot of respect for Paul, and I think we are going to have a very good meeting,"" Trump said.

Asked if he expected Ryan to ""fall in line"" and endorse him, Trump responded: ""I don't think 'fall into line' is the right words. I think he loves this party, he loves this country, and he wants to see something good happen.""

Trump is also expected to meet with the House GOP leadership team. Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., and Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-La., have endorsed Trump. House Republican Conference Chairwoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers, R-Wash., the highest-ranking GOP woman in Congress, has not. Like Ryan, she says she wants to meet with Trump before she makes that call.

Trump will then meet with Senate GOP leaders. Unlike Ryan, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., quickly announced his support for Trump after the candidate's decisive victory in the May 4 Indiana primary that made his nomination a foregone conclusion.

""I think most of our members believe that he's won the nomination the old-fashioned way: He got more votes than anybody else,"" McConnell told reporters Tuesday, ""and we respect the voices of the Republican primary voters across the country.""",1
1427,Trump Calls for the Return of Waterboarding by US,"“You know, they don’t use waterboarding over there; they use chopping off people’s heads,” Trump said Sunday on ABC’s “This Week with George Stephanopoulos.” Waterboarding, a method of torture in which water is poured over the face of an immobilized prisoner to simulate drowning, is “peanuts” compared with that, Trump said. He said he “would absolutely bring back interrogation and strong interrogation.”

Ben Carson, running 4 percentage points behind Trump in the latest Bloomberg Politics national poll, taken Nov. 15-17, declined to say whether he’d favor waterboarding, during an appearance on the same program.

“I’m not one who is real big on telling the enemy what we’re going to do and what we’re not going to do,” Carson said.

Trump seemed to moderate earlier comments that were taken as support for a U.S. government registry of Muslims, saying he wants a database for refugees coming into the country from Syria.

“When the Syrian refugees are going to start pouring into this country, we don’t know if they’re ISIS, we don’t know if it’s a Trojan horse,” Trump said. “And I definitely want a database and other checks and balances.”

The billionaire New York real-estate developer also argued for a program to monitor activity at U.S. mosques.

“I don’t want to close mosques; I want to surveil mosques,” he said. Without what he called “strong measures,” he warned that “you’re going to see buildings coming down all over New York City and elsewhere.”

Carson, a retired doctor, also agreed with heavy monitoring of those with the most potential of leaning toward terrorism.

“We should monitor anything -- mosques, church, school, you know, shopping center -- where there is a lot of radicalization going on,” Carson said, acknowledging that it could require beefing up U.S. intelligence capabilities.

Carson, who has said he favored what he considered a fairly easy measure to undermine the Islamic State’s finances by destroying their oil fields, was questioned on that point after President Barack Obama said such methods aren’t so simple according to the “best military minds.”

“We don’t really have the option of deciding whether it’s easy or not to take them out,” Carson said Sunday. “We need to get rid of their ability to derive money from oil, whether we take the fields or whether we blow the fields up.”

He said Iraqi military forces may perform better if they worked directly with U.S. special operations personnel.

Trump was also questioned Sunday about whether he would favor banning people on terrorist watch lists from obtaining firearms, to which he responded, “If somebody is on a watch list and an enemy of state and we know it’s an enemy of state, I would keep them away, absolutely.”",1
3273,McConnell announces 'Plan B' to stop Iran deal,"Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced a ""Plan B"" to halt a nuclear deal that would lift sanctions against Iran.

The measure, which Republican aides said likely would be voted on Thursday, would prevent President Obama from lifting the sanctions until Iran releases four jailed Americans and recognizes the right of Israel to exist.

McConnell made the announcement as Democrats prepared for a second time to filibuster a resolution of disapproval of the nuclear deal. Soon after McConnell's remarks, 42 Democrats again filibustered the resolution, preventing it from getting the 60 votes needed to advance.

""My strong preference is for Democrats to simply allow an up-or-down vote on the president's Iran deal."" McConnell said. ""But if they're determined to make that impossible, then at the very least we should be able to provide some protection to Israel and long-overdue relief to Americans who've languished in Iranian custody for years. Either way, this debate will continue.""",1
3194,GOP candidates jockey for position in final debate dash,"Less than a week before a bushel of 2016 Republican presidential hopefuls square off for the first time in two Fox News debates, billionaire businessman Donald Trump is holding firm to his primary lead -- while his lower-polling rivals battle for visibility in hopes of making the cut for the prime-time stage.

Trump, seemingly reveling in his role as instigator and bipartisan punching bag, opened up a 7-point lead over the rest of the field in the most recent national poll. Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush also are polling consistently well.

Rather, the 11th-hour dash is among those in the middle and back of the pack, competing for the last of 10 slots in the prime-time event at Cleveland's Quicken Loans Arena.

The Aug. 6 debate is hosted by Fox News, in conjunction with Facebook and the Ohio Republican Party.

The 9 p.m. ET stage will be open to the top 10 candidates in recent national polls. With 17 total candidates now in the race – former Virginia Gov. Jim Gilmore was the latest, announcing his bid Thursday – not everyone will make the cut.

Those who don’t can qualify for an earlier debate, at 5 p.m. Fox News has eased the criteria for that debate, and candidates will no longer have to reach at least 1 percent in the polls to make the stage, though there are other criteria.

The only Fair & Balanced App ™ that gives you the Power to Decide! Download the Fox News Election HQ 2016 app for iPhone or Android phone.

But there is heavy competition for the main event, the first time leading candidates will face off after seemingly weekly campaign kick-offs.

“There’s too many, and so there is going to be a culling of the herd,” said Mark Jones, political science fellow at the Baker Institute at Houston’s Rice University.

With national poll placement dictating who gets prime-time, the candidates on the margin are doing their best to boost their visibility, including New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Texas Gov. Rick Perry.

Perry challenged poll-leader Trump to a pull-up contest after a week of pummeling the billionaire real estate tycoon for his comments on Mexican illegal immigrants and Sen. John McCain.

Meanwhile, Christie declared war on marijuana this week, promising Coloradans they had better enjoy legalized pot today because he will enforce federal laws against it when he is in the White House.

Speaking with Fox News on Thursday, the Garden State guv said ""we're very confident we'll be at the 9:00 debate.""

After spending the last several months going after Bush – now third in the RealClearPolitics poll average, behind Walker – Christie is competing these days more with Ohio Gov. John Kasich. Christie clocked in at 3 percent in the same RCP average, right behind Kasich, putting them on the tail end of the top 10.

Potentially outside the margin, but fighting to get in, are Perry, Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, ex-Hewlett Packard CEO Carly Fiorina and former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum.

Former New York Gov. George Pataki and South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham are further behind. Each, though, has been trying to take on Trump in recent weeks, with the latter putting out a viral video of himself destroying a cell phone – a response to Trump giving out his number during the McCain flap (Graham had lashed out at Trump for questioning his friend McCain’s heroism, triggering Trump’s ire).

“I think the top eight candidates are comfortable where they are,” said Jones. “[The others] are pushing the envelope with the goal of rising above the dust that was created when you have 17 candidates running.”

Not making the prime-time cut isn’t the end of the road by any means, and there’s still plenty of time before the Iowa caucuses.

“I don’t think being left out of the debate is a death knell,” said Steve Deace, who hosts a conservative radio talk show in the Hawkeye State. However, he said, “it can hurt from a momentum standpoint, in that it is a spotlight you are not getting.”

“It will be a huge spotlight and I think for someone who is underfunded and under-organized who is impressive when they are in front of people, like Bobby Jindal, this is the spotlight they are going to need.”

Perhaps an indication of how comfortable the GOP front-runner feels right now, Trump is in Scotland and attended the Women's British Open at one of his resorts – though he still talked campaign shop with reporters Thursday.

Bush, though, is back on the stump stateside on Friday, with plans to address the National Urban League, along with retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson. Walker and Christie are campaigning in Iowa Friday, as is Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul. Kasich is in New Hampshire.

For all the buzz and attention surrounding Trump, there is now pressure on him to perform.

“He is clearly the man of the hour from a buzz standpoint,” Deace said. “I think with one or two exceptions, the goal of the others is to get him to go from zany to crazy, to self-immolate.”

But that might be difficult, considering he’s weathered a string of controversies over his blunt remarks since entering the race. The worst thing that can happen is for Trump to pull his punches and wimp out, Deace said. “His entire campaign is based on him being a blunt instrument he can get back at Washington with. If he dulls those edges, that would be the death knell for him.”

Deace said the others, though, have something to gain by not going for the bait.

“It will be interesting to see how Scott Walker performs in this environment. I think we have to see if this [debate] diminishes his stature or he is able to craft an everyman persona who is a nice contrast to the bigger personalities,” he said. On the other hand, “I think Ben Carson has a much more reserved, laid-back way of communicating than the rest of these candidates. Will he bore people, or be seen as the adult in the room?”",1
5243,Unpacking Donald Trump’s history with this fall’s debate moderators,"After months of uncertainty, Donald Trump has committed to participating in the general-election presidential debates.

“I expect to do all three. I look forward to the debates,” Trump told reporters in Ohio on Monday. “I think it is an important element of what we’re doing. I think you have an obligation to do the debates.”

One reason for the long delay in Trump's agreement to join Hillary Clinton onstage this fall had been complaints about the schedule — in particular, two debates that conflict with prime-time National Football League games.

But perhaps the biggest reason for the holdout: the identities of the journalists asking the questions at those face-offs. “I'll have to see who the moderators are,” the Republican nominee told Time magazine last month. “Yeah, I would say that certain moderators would be unacceptable, absolutely.” Trump had boycotted a primary debate because he was unhappy with the inclusion of Fox News host Megyn Kelly as a moderator. The stakes were lower then, but he showed he was willing to follow through on the threat.

As of Friday, the lineup was out: NBC’s Lester Holt will moderate the first debate on Sept. 26 at Hofstra University in Hempstead, N.Y.; ABC’s Martha Raddatz and CNN’s Anderson Cooper will lead a town-hall-style forum at Washington University in St. Louis on Oct. 9; and Fox News’s Chris Wallace would handle the questioning at the final debate on  Oct. 19 at the University of Nevada at Las Vegas.

[Why Donald Trump might not debate Hillary Clinton]

The diverse roster named by the Commission on Presidential Debates included:

Vice-presidential debate moderator Elaine Quijano also represented a couple of milestones, as the first Asian American moderator of a general-election debate and the first to work primarily for a digital network (CBSN).

None of the names on the list were deal-breakers for Trump. But he has tangled with all of them in the past.

The GOP nominee probably had no objection to Wallace, given that he twice agreed to participate in GOP primary debates moderated by the “Fox News Sunday” anchor. But Wallace was tough on him at those events, most memorably when he used full-screen graphics to fact-check Trump on the spot.

Wallace later told me: “Do I take a certain pleasure when I open the gate and he decides to walk down the path and I’ve got the bear trap at the end of the path? Yeah. Sure.”

Holt, who moderated a Democratic primary debate, has likewise tripped up Trump with fact-checks. In a June interview, he pressed for evidence to support Trump’s claim that Clinton was asleep at critical times during the 2012 attack on a U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya, and got the casino magnate to admit that his assertion might not be true.

“She was asleep at the wheel, whether she was sleeping or not,” Trump conceded. “Who knows if she was sleeping?”

Later in the interview, Holt flummoxed Trump by asking how he could say for certain that Clinton's private email server was hacked.

HOLT: But is there any evidence it was hacked other than routine phishing? TRUMP: I think I read that, and I heard it, and somebody also gave me that information. TRUMP: I will report back to you. I will give it to you. HOLT: You said it with such certainty yesterday. TRUMP: I don't know if certainty. Probably she was hacked.

Holt isn't the only journalist with a record of throwing Trump off balance.

Trump participated in a primary debate moderated by Raddatz but faced only a few questions from her: Raddatz split duties with ABC’s David Muir, and there were seven candidates onstage. The exchanges were uneventful.

But Raddatz absolutely grilled Trump last summer in his first interview after saying Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) was “not a war hero.” She also confronted Trump about his rhetoric in general.

“There seems to be a pattern, Mr. Trump,” Raddatz said. “When you’re criticized or attacked, you often respond with name-calling, using terms like ‘dummy,’ ‘loser,’ ‘total losers’ on Twitter and elsewhere. You even demean some people’s physical appearance. Is that something you would continue doing if you were president? Isn’t that language beneath the office of the president?”

Trump has granted many interviews to Raddatz’s partner in the second debate, Cooper, who moderated two Democratic primary debates. When the GOP standard-bearer finally agreed to appear on CNN recently for the first time in more than two months, it was on Cooper’s program.

That interview produced more headlines about Trump’s immigration flip-flops, as Cooper pressed him to reconcile the “softening” he had described to Sean Hannity with the hard-line stance he took early in the campaign. At one point in the conversation, Trump accused Cooper of being on Clinton’s side.

“I know you want to protect her as much as you possibly can,” said Trump, who often refers to CNN as the Clinton News Network.

The hard questions Trump has faced from these moderators were well within the bounds of fairness. But Trump is not one to limit himself to rational bias claims. Even those fall moderators who have been involved with a presidential debate in past cycles can expect to oversee face-offs unlike any they have handled before.

This story has been updated.",1
1269,"Fiery Republican race heads to S.C., known for dirty tricks and brawls","One of the first signs that the presidential campaign had arrived in the wild and woolly political state of South Carolina came Wednesday morning in this coastal retiree haven when Sen. Lindsey O. Graham introduced his favored candidate, Jeb Bush, and issued a warning.

“If you’re not ready to play,” he said, “don’t come to South Carolina.”

A state known for its nasty political brawls is about to host an epic one, pitting a foul-mouthed celebrity billionaire against a band of senators and governors scrapping to challenge him. The Republican presidential candidates arrived here Wednesday ready for 10 days of combat that could bring clarity to what so far has been a muddy nomination contest.

Since Tuesday’s New Hampshire primary failed to deliver much certainty, the Palmetto State’s GOP primary on Feb. 20 could prove determinative for a trio of candidates vying to become the GOP establishment’s consensus alternative to front-runner Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas.

The attacks began early on Wednesday. Aboard a chartered jet en route to Spartanburg, Sen. Marco Rubio (Fla.) bashed Bush, his one-time mentor, for lacking foreign-policy experience and Trump for not sharing policy specifics. Later in the day, he talked up his opposition to Common Core education standards, an implicit dig at Bush and Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who are proponents.

Meanwhile, Bush and his aides hit Kasich for expanding Medicaid under President Obama’s health-care law and for supporting military defense cuts. “He led the charge to expand Medicaid and is quite proud of that,” said Bush, a former Florida governor. “I wouldn’t be proud of that, to be honest with you.”

Bush also hit Trump, calling him a “phenomenal entertainer” who lacks the temperament to be president.

Katon Dawson, a former state GOP chairman who has not endorsed anyone, explained what makes the South Carolina primary unique.

“People in Iowa expect the candidate to trudge through the snow, do small meetings in diners,” he said. “In New Hampshire, they expect a candidate to come to their living room, sit on the sofa, have some coffee. In South Carolina, 700,000 people want to see how you take a punch.”

[Rubio leaves New Hampshire with his campaign badly damaged]

Trump sits in the pole position here, where the billionaire mogul’s anti-immigration, outsider crusade has found deep support. Top South Carolina Republicans see Trump as the one to beat, noting that the electorate historically votes based on values and emotion.

Trump rallied a few thousand supporters in a livestock arena at Clemson University in Pendleton, where he went after only one opponent: Bush. Trump called him “low energy” and a “stiff” who is controlled by his donors. “The last thing we need is another Bush,” Trump said as the crowd cheered.

Trump has about a dozen campaign staffers and four offices in the state, along with three RVs that function as mobile offices in rural areas. But it is unclear whether they can persuade the thousands of people who pack his rallies to cast ballots for him in a primary expected to draw exponentially more voters than the Iowa or New Hampshire contests.

The most consequential moment may be Saturday night’s debate on CBS, where Trump could come under intense fire from Cruz and Bush and where Rubio will seek redemption from a disastrous debate that wounded him in New Hampshire. In 2012, Newt Gingrich’s electric performances in two debates the week before the primary lifted him from a hobbling third place in the polls to a decisive victory over Mitt Romney.

Rubio, coming off a humbling fifth-place finish in New Hampshire, seemed to be in search of catharsis. The candidate accused of being too scripted opened up to reporters aboard his plane for a rare 45-minute news conference.

He drew on his time as a college football cornerback to frame his outlook. “You’re gonna get beat,” Rubio said, adding: “You gotta put that play behind you, because the next play is just as important.”

Rep. Trey Gowdy, one of Rubio’s biggest backers in South Carolina, said the key is to “let people meet Marco.”



“When you meet him, you love him,” Gowdy said. He recalled a recent swing through a Spartanburg restaurant: “By the end of Marco walking around the tables in the restaurant, he was far more popular than anyone he was with. To know him is to love him.”

Two candidates did not make the trip to South Carolina. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former technology executive Carly Fiorina announced Wednesday that they were suspending their campaigns after disappointing finishes in New Hampshire. This leaves six major candidates, including retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, still in the race.

Trump’s dominance here puts him in the crosshairs of Cruz, who defeated the businessman in the Iowa caucuses after a caustic advertising blitz and attacks on the stump. Cruz plans to replicate that strategy in South Carolina.

“The only way to beat Donald Trump is to highlight the simple truth of his record — it is not conservative,” Cruz said Wednesday in Myrtle Beach.

Cruz was more specific on Mike Gallagher’s talk radio show, highlighting Trump’s past support for abortion rights and bank bailouts.

Cruz is getting backup on the airwaves from his allied super PAC, Keep the Promise I, which has committed more than $2.5 million in the state. Strategist Kellyanne Conway, who runs the group, said the ads would repeat similar attacks leveled against Trump in Iowa.

“There’s some nagging concern he’s gone through the political witness-protection program to emerge a spanking new conservative,” Conway said. “Eminent domain is a big problem for him. If Trump’s entire narrative of ‘I’m for the little guy’ hits a speed bump, it’s because South Carolina becomes more familiar with the victims of Trump’s success.”

Bush is taking a three-pronged approach in South Carolina: Keep up attacks on Trump’s temperament and lack of serious policy ideas; raise doubts about Rubio’s maturity and governing experience; and remind voters in the military-heavy state that Kasich once advocated deep Pentagon spending cuts.

He will be helped by his super PAC, Right to Rise USA, which Wednesday pumped in another $1.7 million in ad dollars on top of roughly $10 million already budgeted. The group is airing one TV ad attacking Rubio’s lack of legislative accomplishments and another featuring an endorsement from former president George W. Bush.

During a Wednesday campaign stop in Bluffton, Bush focused mostly on Trump. When a man asked what he thought of Trump’s vow to run the country like a business, Bush replied, “The problem with Trump is he went bankrupt four times.”

Bush has 20 paid staffers working out of four offices across the state, and his advisers are counting on goodwill for his family name as well as the enthusiastic endorsement of Graham.

Since dropping out of the presidential race, Graham, the state’s senior senator, has quickly become one of Bush’s top strategists. The two have bonded during long car rides and debate prep sessions.

“I’m going to make this a referendum on commander-in-chief,” Graham said. “The centerpiece of my campaign was defending this country, winning a war we couldn’t afford to lose, and the reason I picked Jeb is I think he’s most qualified to do the job.”

Bush plans to make his South Carolina campaign a family affair. He turns 63 on Thursday and is scheduled to make appearances with his wife, three grown children and four grandchildren. He also is expected to campaign with his brother.

“Jeb Bush is bringing in the firepower of 43,” said Dawson, an ally of the former president’s. “If Trump wants to tangle with George W. Bush, that ain’t like tangling with the former governor of Florida. That’s tangling with a Texan, and if the George W. Bush we all know shows up, the one who’s a competitor — well, I relish seeing that fight.”

[With second-place finish, Kasich is thrust into relevance]

Potentially standing in Bush’s way is Kasich, who was buoyant following his surprisingly strong second-place finish in New Hampshire. But Kasich is getting a late start in South Carolina, where he has just three full-time staffers. His super PAC, New Day for America, has a robust presence in the state and plans to air ads.

Kasich is targeting moderate voters in specific areas of the state where he can pick up delegates based on South Carolina’s proportional allocation rules, such as Charleston, populated with many business-friendly Republicans, as well as diverse counties in and around Columbia.

Kasich told reporters flying with him to Charleston on Wednesday that he hopes to keep his message optimistic, while acknowledging that the South Carolina dynamic could be dramatically different.

“I know we can’t just go through this, you know, like falling off the turnip truck and saying that everything is just going to be positive, because I’m going to have to respond to some of this stuff,” Kasich said. “But I’m starting to really think we’re on to something.”

Sullivan reported from Spartanburg, S.C., and Rucker reported from Washington. Robert Costa in Manchester, N.H., Jose A. DelReal in Charleston, S.C., Jenna Johnson in Pendleton, S.C., David Weigel in Concord, N.H., and Katie Zezima in Washington contributed to this report.",1
3781,The feds probably won't dismantle the Ferguson PD. That's a good thing.,"Attorney General Eric Holder said Friday he was ""prepared to use all the powers"" the federal government has to get the city of Ferguson, Missouri, in line with the Constitution. Asked if that included ""dismantling the police force,"" Holder said, ""If that's what's necessary, we're prepared to do that.""

It sounds like a radical move on Holder's part. But don't get too swept up in it. The DOJ doesn't exactly have the power to dismantle the Ferguson police department if the city doesn't consent — and would have to go through a lot of steps before getting that power. Plus, dismantling the embattled police department might not fix some of the worst problems outlined in the Justice Department's report.

The Department of Justice doesn't have the power to dismantle local police departments at will. The way it's probably going to ""work with"" the City of Ferguson, as Holder also hinted today, is by drawing up an agreement where Ferguson's police would still be independent, but would be monitored by the DOJ. (The agreement would be enforced in federal court.) The feds would only take over if the city failed, and failed badly, to make the changes laid out in the agreement.

This nearly happened in Oakland in 2012; as a compromise, the federal government fired the police chief but left the department under the city's control. But it was a full decade after the agreement was first signed.

if dismantling happens, it'll be something the city agrees to do itself — or even suggests to begin with

If Holder really wants to tear down the Ferguson Police Department and start over, the best way to do that would be to make dissolution part of the original court-enforced agreement. If the city didn't agree, he could sue them to do it (which would also take years).

But given how expensive it's going to be for Ferguson's police to comply with the likely court agreement, it might actually be cheaper for them to agree to give up and try again. So the possibility exists that the Ferguson police department will be dissolved — but it would almost certainly be because the city of Ferguson agreed to do it, or even suggested it in the first place. That also means the city would be in charge of putting together whatever is going to replace the Ferguson PD.

Getting rid of the police in Ferguson would only address half of the problems identified by the federal government. The Department of Justice also found massive discrimination and Constitutional violations in the municipal court system, including arresting people for showing up to court without being able to afford a court fee; suspending drivers' licenses of people who didn't even know that they'd had a court date, let alone missed one; and setting jail bonds not based on what someone would be able to pay, but based on making the most money for the city.

There's no way the federal government's going to be satisfied if Ferguson reforms its police but leaves its courts the way they are. Disbanding the police department might allow the city to focus on reforming the courts, but it won't be enough on its own.

More importantly, though, who would do police work in Ferguson after the Ferguson police force gets dismantled?

the actions of ""other law enforcement agencies in st. louis county...have contributed to a general distrust"" of police

Typically, a nearby police force is brought in to take over: either temporarily, while a new police department is hired from the chief down, or permanently, on a contract. And it's not at all clear whether other police departments in the St. Louis area are any better. After all, residents had plenty of experience with the St. Louis County police last summer during the protests after Michael Brown's death — and they didn't treat protesters any better than Ferguson police did.

The DOJ report certainly indicates that the problem in St. Louis is bigger than Ferguson. In fact, some of the things it faults the Ferguson police for doing are things they're being asked to do by other jurisdictions, like arresting people without warrants based on requests from police in other departments. By the same token, many of the unfair court practices the DOJ found appear to be pretty typical in municipal courts in the area.

The report even says: ""Individuals’ experiences with other law enforcement agencies in St. Louis County, including with the police departments in surrounding municipalities and the County Police, in many instances have contributed to a general distrust of law enforcement that impacts interactions with the Ferguson police and municipal court.""

If Eric Holder wants to dismantle the problems facing the criminal-justice system throughout the St. Louis area, he's welcome to try — but it's going to take a lot more investigations and potential lawsuits than the one he has going right now.",1
3253,"At Social Security office with a million-person backlog, there’s a new chief","At the Social Security Administration, two officials in charge of one of the government’s worst backlogs—more than 1 million people awaiting a decision about federal disability benefits—have been shifted to other jobs.

Glenn Sklar oversees Social Security’s Office of Disability Adjudication and Review, a branch with about 1,445 special judges who must decide if people who’ve applied for benefits are disabled enough to get them. James Borland is Sklar’s deputy.

[Past coverage: The Social Security office of judges who hear appeals for disability benefits is 990,399 cases behind]

This week, Social Security told its employees that both Sklar and Borland would be moving to other positions within the agency, according to documents obtained by the Washington Post. Both men have been in their jobs since 2010. The office’s new head will be Terrie Gruber, transferred from another part of the Social Security administration.

Last year, the Post wrote about the slow-moving, unwieldy bureaucracy they oversee–which had been running behind since the 1970s, and was only getting more so. At the end of last year, 1,003,580 people were stuck in just one part of the disability process, waiting for a judge to hold a hearing and make a personalized decision about their health and ability to work. The average wait time for those people was 435 days. Both numbers were rising.

Last fall, Sklar told the Post that the agency’s backlog could be fixed, if Social Security got enough funding. ““We have a proven track record of getting the job done when we have adequate and sustained funding,” he said.

LaVenia LaVelle, a spokeswoman for Social Security, said in a statement that Carolyn Colvin—the agency’s acting commissioner since 2013–was making changes in the top ranks. “This is not about an individual but about ensuring under Acting Commissioner Colvin’s leadership the Agency is ready to continue its world class customer service to the American public,” LaVelle said in a statement.

This backlog has also come under congressional scrutiny, led by Oklahoma Sen. James Lankford (R). Lankford has called for reforms that would fix some of the system’s oddest features: it asks judges to use an official list of available jobs that hasn’t been updated in decades, and it sets up perverse incentives that encourage beneficiaries’ hired “representatives” to delay the process.

D. Randall Frye, the president of a union that represents Social Security’s special disability judges, said he hoped that the system’s new leaders and Congress would make changes that streamlined the bureaucracy–and also that they would hire more judges.

“The receipts [of new cases] continue to rise. Right now, we have just over a million cases waiting for a hearing,” he said. “That’s unprecedented.”",1
4875,"Poll: Nine weeks out, a near even race","Washington (CNN) Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton start the race to November 8 on essentially even ground, with Trump edging Clinton by a scant two points among likely voters, and the contest sparking sharp divisions along demographic lines in a new CNN/ORC Poll.

Trump tops Clinton 45% to 43% in the new survey, with Libertarian Gary Johnson standing at 7% among likely voters in this poll and the Green Party's Jill Stein at just 2%.

The topsy-turvy campaign for the presidency has seen both Clinton and Trump holding a significant lead at some point in the last two months, though Clinton has topped Trump more often than not. Most recently, Clinton's convention propelled her to an 8-point lead among registered voters in an early-August CNN/ORC Poll. Clinton's lead has largely evaporated despite a challenging month for Trump, which saw an overhaul of his campaign staff, announcements of support for Clinton from several high-profile Republicans and criticism of his campaign strategy. But most voters say they still expect to see Clinton prevail in November, and 59% think she will be the one to get to 270 electoral votes vs. 34% who think Trump has the better shot at winning.

Neither major third party candidate appears to be making the gains necessary to reach the 15% threshold set by the Commission on Presidential Debates, with just three weeks to go before the first debate on September 26.

The new poll finds the two major party candidates provoke large gaps by gender, age, race, education and partisanship. Among those likely to turn out in the fall, both candidates have secured about the same share of their own partisans (92% of Democrats back Clinton, 90% of Republicans are behind Trump) but independents give Trump an edge, 49% say they'd vote for him while just 29% of independent voters back Clinton. Another 16% back Johnson, 6% Stein.

Women break for Clinton (53% to 38%) while men shift Trump's way (54% to 32%). Among women, those who are unmarried make up the core of her support, 73% of unmarried women back Clinton compared with just 36% of married women. Among men, no such marriage gap emerges, as both unmarried and married men favor Trump.

Younger voters are in Clinton's corner (54% to 29% among those under age 45) while the older ones are more apt to back Trump (54% to 39% among those age 45 or older). Whites mostly support Trump (55% to 34%), while non-whites favor Clinton by a nearly 4-to-1 margin (71% to 18%). Most college grads back Clinton while those without degrees mostly support Trump, and that divide deepens among white voters. Whites who do not hold college degrees support Trump by an almost 3-to-1 margin (68% to 24%) while whites who do have college degrees split 49% for Clinton to 36% for Trump and 11% for Johnson.

Support for Johnson seems to be concentrated among groups where Clinton could stand to benefit from consolidating voters. Although direct comparison between the poll's two-way, head-to-head matchup and its four-way matchup doesn't suggest that Johnson is pulling disproportionately from either candidate, his supporters come mostly among groups where a strong third-party bid could harm Clinton's standing: Younger voters (particularly younger men), whites with college degrees, and independents, notably.

The poll follows several national polls in August suggesting that the margin between the two candidates had tightened following the conventions. A CNN Poll of Polls analysis released Friday showed that Clinton's lead had been cut in half when compared with the height of her convention bounce.

Speaking to reporters aboard her campaign plane Tuesday, Clinton shrugged off a question about the CNN/ORC survey.

""I really pay no attention to polls. When they are good for me -- and there have been a lot of them that have been good for me recently -- I don't pay attention,"" Clinton said. ""When they are not so good, I don't pay attention. We are on a course that we are sticking with.""

While enthusiasm for the campaign has continued to inch up, it remains well off the mark compared with this point in other recent presidential election years. In the new poll, 46% say they are extremely or very enthusiastic, compared with 57% at this point in 2012, 60% in early September of 2008 and 64% in September 2004.

Further, nearly half of voters say they are less enthusiastic about voting in this election than they have been in previous years, while just 42% say they're more excited about this year's contest. Although this question hasn't been asked in every presidential election year, in CNN/ORC and CNN/USA Today/Gallup results dating back to 2000, this poll marks the first time that a significantly larger share of voters say they are less enthusiastic about this year's election. The lack of enthusiasm spikes among Clinton supporters. A majority of Clinton's supporters say they're less excited about voting this year than usual (55%) while most of Trump's backers say they're more excited this time around (56%).

That could be contributing to Trump's slim advantage among likely voters. Among the broader pool of registered voters, Clinton edges Trump by 3 points. The shift among these voters since the convention is largely due to a rebound in Trump's numbers rather than a slide in Clinton's. He's gone from 37% support then to 41% among registered voters now.

Trump holds an edge over Clinton as more trusted to handle two of voters' top four issues -- the economy (56% trust Trump vs. 41% Clinton) and terrorism (51% Trump to 45% Clinton). Clinton holds a solid edge on foreign policy (56% trust her to Trump's 40%), and the public is divided over the fourth issue in the bunch, immigration. On that, 49% favor Clinton's approach, 47% Trump's. At Trump's recent campaign appearances, he has argued that he would do more to improve life for racial and ethnic minorities, but voters seem to disagree, 58% say Clinton is better on that score vs. 36% who choose Trump, and among non-whites, 86% choose Clinton to just 12% who think Trump would better improve their lives.

Trump has his largest edge of the campaign as the more honest and trustworthy of the two major candidates (50% say he is more honest and trustworthy vs. just 35% choosing Clinton) and as the stronger leader, 50% to 42%. Clinton continues to be seen as holding the better temperament to serve effectively as president (56% to 36%) and better able to handle the responsibilities of commander in chief (50% to 45%).

On honesty, Clinton's backers express greater skepticism about their candidate than do Trump's supporters. When asked which candidate is more honest and trustworthy, 94% of Trump's backers say he is, while just 70% of those behind Clinton choose her, with 11% saying Trump is more trustworthy and 17% saying neither of them are. And when voters were asked to name the one issue that would be most important to their vote for president, 5% named honesty or trustworthiness as their top choice, ranking it on par with foreign policy and jobs.

Both candidates remain largely unliked, with majorities saying they have an unfavorable view of each candidate in the new poll.

The CNN/ORC Poll was conducted by telephone Sept. 1-4 among a random national sample of 1,001 adults. The survey includes results among 886 registered voters and 786 likely voters. For results among registered or likely voters, the margin of sampling error is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points.

Correction: The CNN/ORC Poll topline document released Tuesday contained an error, numbers showing the partisan makeup of the sample on the methodology page were transposed. The correct party makeup of all adults in the poll is 32% Democratic, 28% Republican, 40% independent or something else. This is a similar Democratic tilt to the previous CNN/ORC Poll, in which 28% of respondents described themselves as Democrats and 24% Republicans and on par with the average across all CNN/ORC Polling conducted this year, which yields a 5-point Democratic advantage.""

Among those determined to be likely to vote, 36% described themselves as Democrats, 32% as Republicans.",1
916,"Can Donald Trump really hit 1,237 before Cleveland?","(CNN) Donald Trump is now the only Republican presidential candidate with a realistic chance of winning the 1,237 votes to clinch the nomination before the national convention this summer.

But getting there will be a tough undertaking, and one that leaves little room for error.

Trump's commanding victory in New York, where he won more than 60% of the vote and the vast majority of the 95 delegates up for grabs, marked a turning point in the delegate race. The Manhattan real estate mogul now has improved his chances of winning the nomination outright, while his chief rival, Ted Cruz, would need a minor miracle to win on the first ballot.

""We don't have much of a race anymore,"" Trump said in his victory speech at Trump Tower on Tuesday. ""We're going to go into the convention I think as the winner.""

Barry Bennett, a senior adviser for the Trump campaign, told CNN's Chris Cuomo that he thinks Trump will get 1,237 before summer.

""Probably right around that first week of June,"" he said Thursday on ""New Day."" ""We will reach 1,237. 100%.""



There are 15 contests remaining, with 674 bound delegates still up for grabs. Trump has 846, and if he were to continue on at his current rate -- 47% -- he would still finish about 75 short of the magic number, according to according to CNN estimates.

Cruz, meanwhile, would have to win every single remaining bound delegate to reach precisely 1,237 and ensure a first-ballot win.

Because the Texas senator has worked to capture delegates who would in theory back him once they are freed from their formal obligations to Trump or other candidates, winning at the outset is potentially critical for the New Yorker's overall chances.

Trump's campaign is publicly confident it will get there. In talking points circulated to surrogates Wednesday, the campaign predicted that the front-runner would accumulate more than 1,400 delegates -- ""and thus a first ballot nomination win in Cleveland.""

To get across the finish line before July, he will need to score at least one more tough victory. Trump figures to do well in next week's contests on the Eastern seaboard, but could be tripped up or held in later contests in states like Montana and Oregon.

It's expected that Trump will pick up a sizable chunk of California's 172-delegate haul on June 7, meaning the real wild card will be Indiana. The Hoosier State, which votes on May 3, offers 57 delegates. Like in New York, it employs a hybrid system that awards those delegates on both winner-take-all basis statewide and by congressional district. Nebraska, one week later, will deliver all 36 of its delegates in a winner-take-all contest.

But Trump on Wednesday signaled the importance of Indiana, making it his first stop after his New York victory.

""It's a rigged, crooked system that's designed so that the bosses can pick whoever they want,"" he said of the primary contest, re-upping his attacks on RNC during a Wednesday rally in Indianapolis. ""It's rigged for lobbyists. It's rigged for the donors and it's rigged special interest. It's dishonest.""

Cruz, who will be in the state on Thursday, is saying he is confident the contest will extend into the summer.

Cruz's declaration essentially sets up the final weeks of the campaign as a choice for Republicans: Trump or No Trump.

To help him defy Cruz and other naysayers, Trump has beefed up his political operation.

For months, the campaign relied on an unusually small and insular operation at the top. But in recent weeks, it became clear that Trump was frustrated by what he believed was the Cruz campaign outmaneuvering him on delegate collection. He appeared especially troubled by the results in Colorado, where Cruz swept all of the delegates there at the state's Republican Party convention.

Sensing that something had to change, Trump shook up his operations, bringing on veteran GOP consultant Paul Manafort to serve as convention manager. Manafort is now tasked with the broad responsibility of overseeing the ""nomination process.""

Speaking to reporters after Trump was declared winner of the New York primary Tuesday, Manafort said the campaign had simply entered a new phase.

""We're in a phase where the end game requires winning smart,"" he said.",1
2983,"Christie accuses Paul, Lee of siding with ‘criminal’ Snowden on NSA","New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie lashed out at Sens. Mike Lee, R-Utah, and Rand Paul, R-Ky., on “Fox and Friends” Wednesday, over their efforts to block the renewal of the Patriot Act.

Christie, a fellow Republican and likely presidential candidate who backs the Patriot Act, accused Lee and Paul of ""siding with"" NSA leaker Edward Snowden.

“He’s a criminal, he’s a criminal and he’s hiding in Russia, and he’s lecturing to us about the evils of authoritarian government, while he lives under the protective umbrella of Vladimir Putin,” Christie said. “That’s who Mike Lee and Rand Paul are siding with – with Edward Snowden? Come on.”

The beef between the senators and Christie has been growing for some time. Christie had told supporters in New Hampshire that “you can’t enjoy our civil liberties if you’re in a coffin.”

Lee later told CNN he found the remark “really disappointing” and it reflected “governing by fear and governing by false choice.” He also said Christie should be ashamed of himself.

The feud with Lee and Paul, a declared presidential candidate, comes as Congress is stuck on what to do about expiring NSA surveillance programs.

Lee backs an alternative to the Patriot Act called the USA Freedom Act. The House-passed bill aims to limit bulk collection of metadata on American citizens. But neither that, nor a straight, short-term extension of the Patriot Act, was able to advance in the Senate before lawmakers left on the holiday break. The data collection program is set to expire at the end of the month.

During his interview on Fox News, Christie also blasted President Obama’s strategy in the Middle East – citing the Islamic State’s growing influence, as well as Syrian President Bashar Assad's.

“If a President Christie had drawn a red line in Syria,” the United Sates would have gone after Assad as promised, he said.

Christie also criticized Obama for not being aggressive enough bringing together allies in the Middle East.

“They need American support and American leadership and American strategic vision, this president hasn’t put it out there, this is the guy who called them the JV,” Christie said. “Now, all of a sudden. He’s got a strategy that’s successful? It’s been disappointing to watch it.”",1
1313,New Hampshire primary: How the outsiders won -- and the insiders crumbled,"(CNN) This story was reported by Dana Bash, Gloria Borger, Abigail Crutchfield, Jeremy Diamond, Chris Frates, Noah Gray, Ashley Killough, Betsy Klein, Elizabeth Landers, Phil Mattingly, Dan Merica, Sara Murray, Mark Preston, Manu Raju, Gabe Ramirez, Maeve Reston, Lauren Selsky, Sunlen Serfaty, Cassie Spodak, Gregory Wallace, and Jeff Zeleny. There was more than a hint of irony in Donald Trump's win in New Hampshire Tuesday night.

In a state that has always been known for giving new political life to the hardest-working candidates, he swept the field. He lapped his closest challenger, Ohio Governor John Kasich, by double digits, and he notched his first win in this presidential contest by acting more like a traditional candidate.

Trump's victory speech was gracious and restrained with a long list of thank yous for family members and campaign staff. He acknowledged that he had learned the lesson in Iowa that the ground game matters, and paid more attention to turning out his voters in New Hampshire. Most striking, he had nothing but compliments for his fellow rivals.

In fact, Trump had been a mere spectator in the biggest brawl of the week -- the showdown between New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio that recast the Republican race.

Entering New Hampshire after the Iowa caucuses last Monday, Rubio had been the candidate to beat, but Trump didn't even touch him. It was Christie who demolished Rubio, halting his momentum during Saturday night's debate in a moment that could go down in history as one of the toughest exchanges of the GOP primary campaign.

Though on the sidelines, Trump underscored the power of the moment during the commercial break as Christie walked across the stage to see his wife. Someone grabbed Christie's arm from behind, and the New Jersey governor turned to see none other than the taunter-in-chief Donald Trump.

""Oh my God. That was brutal,"" Trump muttered to Christie on the debate stage, according to someone familiar with the exchange. ""Tremendous.""

Perhaps staying out of the fray this week (with the exception of a vulgar swipe at Ted Cruz on the eve of the election) helped Donald Trump. He swept a range of demographic and ideological groups, appealing to six-in-ten New Hampshire voters who said they were looking for an outside candidate.

The commanding victories in New Hampshire by two outsiders — Trump and Democratic winner Bernie Sanders — reinforce the tremendous vulnerability of the establishment in the 2016 presidential race. Insiders in both parties are struggling to find their footing in a year when voters are fed up with the status quo. Democrat Hillary Clinton is looking toward the March contests as her firewall. John Kasich is trying to capitalize on his moment after climbing to second in New Hampshire. Jeb Bush is hoping to hang on by engineering a strong performance in South Carolina. Chris Christie has headed home to assess his chances amid indications that he will soon end his bid, according to two sources. And Marco Rubio is trying to regroup after a humiliating defeat.

Meanwhile, Trump only got stronger Tuesday night. After he underperformed in the polls in Iowa -- a fact many Iowa strategists attributed to the weakness of his ground game compared to that of winner Ted Cruz -- Trump's campaign made a concerted push to reach voters in New Hampshire who might not head to the polls.

In addition to his big rallies, he added smaller, more intimate events and retail stops where he could mingle with voters, apparently with great success.

""We are coming to the end of a beautiful, beautiful journey,"" he said during a town hall in Londonderry Monday afternoon. ""It should be a very big day for the nation.""

The dreamer takes on the doer

The outsiders understood that they had captured their moment: Sanders congratulated his supporters Tuesday night by promising ""nothing short of a political revolution.""

He vowed that his ""movement"" would bring together working people who have given up on the political process.

""We will all together say loudly and clearly that the government of our great nation belongs to all of us, not just a few wealthy campaign contributors,"" he told a boisterous crowd. ""That is what this campaign is about. That is what the political revolution is about.""

The momentum for a resounding win in the first-in-the-nation primary came a week earlier with his surprising strength in Iowa. Votes were still being counted in Iowa when Sanders boarded his charter plane to New Hampshire after midnight. The feat he had just achieved once seemed unthinkable: the 74-year-old democratic socialist from Vermont had come within a fraction of a percentage point of slaying Clinton, the anointed candidate of the Democratic establishment and one of the most famous women in the world.

Hours earlier, Clinton had dashed on stage to claim her somewhat tenuous victory before the networks even called it. But as Sanders and his aides winged their way to New Hampshire past midnight, they knew the narrative had shifted in their favor.

With that razor-thin margin, the world would view the result as a tie. That meant the Vermont Senator had cleared a huge hurdle: dispelling doubt that he could be viable. And that meant everything for the campaign's momentum in New Hampshire. The money was pouring in online.

""When we began this campaign, I think it is fair to say we were considered to be a fringe campaign. I would hope most people no longer believe that,"" Sanders told reporters as he stood in the aisle, illuminated by the ultra violet glow of the interior lights on his Eastern Airlines 757.

""We are in this to the convention,"" he said. ""Tonight shows the American people that this is a campaign that can win.""

Sleep could wait. By 5:15am that morning, he was standing on the back of a flatbed truck in Bow, New Hampshire, his breath visible in the cold New Hampshire air.

""Jane and I, we cannot believe that you're here at 5 o'clock in the morning,"" Sanders said, as he and his wife rallied supporters in the pre-dawn darkness. ""Something is wrong with you guys!""

But the electricity surrounding him that morning was a harbinger of what would unfold in the week to come.

For Team Clinton, the imperative of closing a polling gap of more than twenty points a week before the New Hampshire primary seemed almost surreal. This, after all, was a state that had been kind to her and her husband. It was here that Bill Clinton positioned himself as the ""comeback kid"" in 1992. Her tearful moment at a Portsmouth coffee shop sharing her struggles with a group of women in 2008 allowed her to rebound after her humiliating third-place finish in Iowa.

Long before Sanders emerged as a threat this cycle, she had insisted she was taking nothing for granted, airing ads in New Hampshire as early as August. Clinton and her aides labored throughout last year to build the narrative that this was her historic moment.

At her first post-Iowa rally this past week with New Hampshire Governor Maggie Hassan, she was greeted here in the Granite State as the first woman to ever win the Iowa caucuses. Female senators flew up from Washington to canvass for her in hopes of breaking what she had called that highest, hardest glass ceiling.

But the overt appeal to the historic nature of her candidacy didn't seem to be resonating in 2016.

For weeks, tensions had been swirling within her camp about how to knock out the charismatic Vermont Senator, who had captured the same kind of cool that Barack Obama did in 2008. Some Clinton aides felt she'd been playing it too safe. Now behind by double digits, the stage seemed set for a long and protracted delegate fight.

Though New Hampshire seemed like a lost cause, she punched hard in Thursday night's debate, skewering Sanders' lofty proposals as fantasy that could never be achieved.

She bristled at Sanders' efforts to cast her as a creature of Wall Street: ""It's time to end the very artful smear that you and your campaign have been carrying out,"" she told him. At the same time, she continued to stumble through answers about the $675,000 she was paid for three speeches from Goldman Sachs, which only seemed to reinforce Sanders' most powerful line of attack against her that she was the ultimate insider.

""Did you have to be paid $675,000,"" CNN's Anderson Cooper asked Clinton during CNN's Democratic town hall in New Hampshire a day earlier on Wednesday.

""Well, I don't know. Um, that's what they offered,"" she replied, seemingly caught off guard by the question. At the time she accepted those fees, she told Cooper, she wasn't sure she was going to run again for the White House.

""I didn't know to be honest, I wasn't -- I wasn't committed to running,"" she said.

Preparing for defeat, Clinton and her aides spent the week trying to lower expectations, with the candidate herself wondering aloud whether she should have skipped the Granite State primary altogether and moved on to firmer ground in Nevada and South Carolina, states with far more diverse populations where Sanders is not expected to run as strong.

Sanders had a home-court advantage in New Hampshire, she and her surrogates insisted over and over again, and there wasn't much she could do about it.

""Their argument is -- and it has got some strength to it -- look, you are behind here, you are in your opponent's backyard,"" Clinton told supporters at a campaign event in Derry mid-week. But ever the fighter, she vowed to press on: ""I know I've got some ground to make up. I'm ready. I'm going to fight until the last vote is cast.""

Behind the scenes, Clinton's aides were already looking at the map ahead: airing ads in South Carolina and Nevada to lock in minority voters who will be critical to their delegate counts and marshaling their teams in upcoming caucus states like Maine and Minnesota where Sanders thinks he can do well.

In a sign of resignation about Tuesday's likely result, they even sent Clinton out of state Sunday to Flint, Michigan, to talk about the water crisis -- an issue of great importance to many minority voters who have watched the scandal unfold in horror.

The most ominous development for Clinton: the yawning gap between her and Sanders among young voters, who broke heavily in Sanders' favor, according to exit polls Tuesday night.

Most strikingly, women under age 30 split 79% for Sanders to 20% for Clinton.

While many Clinton allies are deeply puzzled by gap, Clinton has tried to strike a positive note, stating at her campaign events, including Tuesday night, that even if young women were not with her, she will still fight for them.

Pressing her case, she also stressed that the struggle for women's equality is far from over. But she may have been harmed in the final days when others took that message too far. Madeleine Albright, the first female secretary of state, touched off a firestorm as she mocked Sanders' call for a ""revolution"" at Clinton's rally in Concord Saturday.

Introducing Clinton at that event -- which somewhat ominously was filled with out-of-state canvassers and some political tourists -- Albright said the real revolution in the 2016 race would be electing the first woman president.

""We can tell our story of how we climbed the ladder, and a lot of you younger women think it's done,"" Albright said, before pivoting to a scorching rebuke of young women supporting Sanders: ""It's not done. There's a special place in hell for women who don't help each other.""

The crowd cheered and Clinton laughed, but the comments risked further alienating young women supporters of Sanders.

The controversy over Albright's comments was amplified by discussion of Gloria Steinem's observation earlier in the week in an interview with ""Real Time"" host Bill Maher that young women were supporting Sanders to meet ""boys.""

""They're going to get more activist as they get older,"" Steinem told Maher. ""And when you're young, you're thinking, 'Where are the boys?' The boys are with Bernie.""

Steinem sought to smooth over her comments in a Sunday Facebook post, but the sting of her words and Albright's remained. Some young women voters in New Hampshire said they were dismayed by what they viewed as shaming by the Clinton campaign and its allies.

Gabrielle Greaves, a University of New Hampshire student, who had attended the CNN town hall with both Sanders and Clinton earlier in the week, said the Albright and Steinem flap only reinforced the ""disconnect between the generations.""

""Older women just can't fathom why we aren't voting for Hillary Clinton, and I don't really think they're trying to understand,"" said Greaves, a 19-year-old Brooklyn native in an interview here in Manchester.

""I think a lot of older women think we don't understand how much Hillary Clinton has sacrificed, and how much she's been through and what she's done for women. Just because I don't think she should be president doesn't mean I'm not thankful for the things she has done.""

Greaves added that ""there's just something I don't trust about Hillary Clinton."" Bernie Sanders, she said, ""is a genuine soul.""

""I just want the older generation to have the confidence in us that we can make decisions,"" she said. ""Just because we have opposing views, doesn't mean we're not intelligent enough to think about these things and consider all the options.""

The question of trust continued to dog Clinton throughout her events all week in New Hampshire. Interviews with voters after her rallies suggested she was having trouble closing the sale as some Democrats worried about her liabilities ahead.

Jane Fargo came to Clinton's Concord rally over the weekend holding a sign that said ""Convince Me"" in red letters. She left unconvinced by the former Secretary of State.

""I'm really torn. Who is going to look out best for my interests? My investments are going down; I'm looking at retirement in 12 years and it's really scary,"" said Fargo, a 52-year-old middle-school teacher from Bow. ""I love Bernie's fiery spirit. Somebody's got to go shake up something and that sells me toward Bernie.""

Standing next to the bleachers in the gymnasium where Clinton had just spoken, Fargo said she liked her ideas but worried about ""how entrenched she is.""

""She just been in government forever, so is she already sold out? Or is she really going to go in and shake things up like Bernie is promising to do?""

""I'm looking for change. I want change,"" Fargo said. At the same time, ""when they say Clinton will be ready on day one, I've got a feeling she'll be ready on day one,"" she said. As for Sanders? ""That's my qualm right there, you hit the nail on the head.""

In the final days, Sanders' rallies crackled with the kind of electricity that accompanies a candidate on the rise.

Taking the stage in Portsmouth Sunday afternoon, he peeled off his jacket and tossed it to the beanie-clad college kids on the stage behind him -- who cheered as though they were in the presence of a rock star.

The cheers built to a crescendo as he ticked through the items in his stump speech -- railing against the ""rigged economy,"" promising universal health care, vowing to take on the big banks and a broken criminal justice system. He engaged in call-answer exchange with the crowd as he encouraged them to shout out how much student debt they were carrying as he talked about his plans for free college.

""$100,000? ... You win,"" he said, pointing to one woman in the crowd.

To laughter, he mocked the refrain he has heard from Clinton's allies: ""Your ideas are so ambitious.""

Sanders paused for a beat. ""We will get them done because people will demand that we get them done,"" he thundered.

Clinton's closing days of her New Hampshire campaign carried eerie echoes of her 2008 campaign.

Bill Clinton, who had been a subdued and measured advocate for his wife leading up to the Iowa caucuses, lashed out at Sanders supporters in the final weekend -- condemning sexist attacks and calling out the media for being too soft in their coverage of Sanders.

""When you're making a revolution, you can't be too careful about the facts,"" the former President said. ""You're just for me or against me.""

His critique of Sanders' agenda as unachievable recalled 2008, when he dubbed Barack Obama's campaign a ""fairy tale."" Once again, the former President warned, Democratic voters were rolling the dice.

By Monday, the die seemed cast. The conversation around the Democratic campaign focused not on a comeback, but on a campaign shakeup.

Looking to change the story line, Hillary Clinton was circumspect, saying in an MSNBC interview that the campaign was ""taking stock.""

On the trail, she struck a poignant tone in the final hours: ""For me, this is a labor of love,"" she said at one of her last events at a restaurant on Manchester's West side.

She conceded defeat in a statement at 8 pm shortly after the polls closed in New Hampshire Tuesday night.

""I still love New Hampshire, and I always will,"" she said, taking the stage with her husband and daughter at Southern New Hampshire University.

But she was looking ahead to South Carolina and the states beyond, telling her donors in an email that she wouldn't be discouraged by the results.

""I wish tonight had gone differently,"" she wrote in a fundraising email. ""But I know what it's like to be knocked down -- and I've learned from long experience that it's not whether you get knocked down that matters. It's about whether you get back up.""

One political knock-down changed the trajectory of the GOP campaign in New Hampshire: Christie's merciless takedown of Rubio, who had seemed on the cusp of muscling the other establishment candidates out of the race for a three-way contest with Trump and Cruz.

Given Tuesday night's results with Kasich's strong second-place finish, Christie's maneuver to damage Rubio ultimately looked like a kamikaze mission for the governor, who staked his entire campaign on New Hampshire but ended up in sixth place.

A week earlier after Rubio's surprisingly strong third-place finish in Iowa, it had looked as though the establishment had finally found their candidate to rally around.

But with the skill of a New Jersey street fighter, Christie managed to single-handedly halt what Rubio's aides had dubbed ""Marco-mentum"" Saturday night by taking his rival's greatest strengths -- his youth, his charisma, his uplifting message -- and turning them into weaknesses.

Rattling Rubio with unflinching eye contact, Christie had walked the Florida senator into a trap: one that made him appear inexperienced, unready for the role of commander in chief, a robotic candidate programmed with scripted lines, who seemed to wilt under pressure as sweat beaded on his forehead.

""I like Marco Rubio, and he's a smart person and good guy, but he simply does not have the experience to be president of the United States,"" Christie said during that debate moment. ""We've watched it happen, everybody, for the last seven years. The people of New Hampshire are smart. Do not make the same mistake again.""

During the past month, the Christie-Rubio rivalry had turned intensely personal.

Rubio's allies had set their mark on Christie in early January just as he seemed to be rising in the polls on the strength of his many town halls here. Early that month, the super PAC supporting Rubio, Conservative Solutions PAC, unleashed multi-million dollar ad buy.

They put out a pair of scorching ads faulting the New Jersey Governor for his past position on Common Core, for his expansion of Medicaid under Obamacare, and for New Jersey's economic woes. One ad was essentially a montage of photos of Christie and Obama after Superstorm Sandy, a sore spot with conservative voters.

The other raised the specter of the George Washington Bridge scandal, the scheme to close lanes and create traffic tie ups that embroiled officials in his administration. ""Chris Christie. High Taxes. Weak Economy. Scandals,"" the ad's tag line said. ""Not what we need in the White House.""

Christie and his allies were furious. In private conversations, Christie told aides he couldn't believe the response that Rubio was getting from voters and donors given his thin resume in Senate and what he viewed as a lackluster record of accomplishments, according to a person familiar with the conversations.

After Iowa, with their poll numbers still in single digits, Christie seized his moment to strike.

Some members of Christie's team became even more riled up by the calls they received after Iowa, suggesting Christie should drop out so the party could coalesce around Rubio.

As candidates began shifting their campaigns toward the Granite state on Feb. 2, Christie telegraphed his strategy to reporters, remarking that it was going to be an ""interesting week"" for Rubio.

He tested his lines about the dangers posed by first-term senators on the stump. And then the real onslaught began when he unleashed his new attack line for Rubio -- calling him the ""boy in the bubble"" who relied on advisers for canned lines.

Relishing his performance after the debate, Christie quoted ""the great political philosopher Mike Tyson,"" the heavyweight-boxing champion.

""Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the face,"" he told reporters.

The debate moment was played again and again -- even on Tuesday morning as voters were headed to the polls.

People close to Rubio acknowledged that his performance in the debate clearly had an impact in the polls. But the headlines about how Rubio had choked were even more devastating.

On Tuesday night, he took full responsibility: ""Our disappointment tonight is not on you,"" he told the crowd at his victory party. ""It's on me. I did not do well on Saturday, and it will never happen again.""

Allies of Bush and Kasich were virtually giddy, in large part because the debate had reset the race for donors who had been leaning toward Rubio.

Once again, these skittish donors were back on the sidelines -- frozen at least for a time. And it was clear that the fight for the establishment lane could continue for weeks to come.

In interviews on the campaign trail with New Hampshire's famously late deciders, many voters who had been enamored by Rubio admitted the debate had given them second thoughts. They echoed Christie's suggestion that Rubio might end up getting destroyed by Hillary Clinton in a general election.

Some were baffled by the fact that Rubio had repeated the same line four times in the debate and then repeated a line almost verbatim in one of his final events. What had once seemed like admirable message discipline from a polished candidate had turned into a viral meme. In the final days, Rubio was shadowed across the state by Rubio robots (paid for, of course, by the Right to Rise ""super PAC"" supporting Bush).

The doubts introduced late in the game mattered on Election Day.

Stephanie Tsepas, who ran into Rubio at her polling place in Derry Tuesday, had gone to see one of his town halls Friday and left with a headache, she said, because he seemed so robotic and rehearsed.

""I felt like I was living in one of his commercials,"" Tsepas said. She had a chance to engage at a more personal level with the Florida senator at her polling place, asking him about his plan to fund cures for cancer, a disease that her husband has.

Ultimately she cast her vote for someone else, though she would not say whom.

""He could be a great candidate for president,"" Tsepas said of Rubio. ""I just don't think now is his time.""

But as the results showed, the Christie-Rubio duel that dominated the final days of the first-in-the-nation primary cut both ways. After a disappointing finish, Christie headed home to review his options.

He may have taken a step too far in his effort to halt Rubio's momentum. Roger Fletcher, who had been considering the New Jersey Governor, decided he would side with the ""victim, not the bully.""

""Thanks to Chris Christie's bashing, I went with Marco Rubio,"" he wrote to Bash after casting his vote Tuesday.

The fight to break out of the pack

The Christie-Rubio showdown was a moment that had long been in the making in the crowded establishment lane here in New Hampshire. Four candidates — Rubio, Christie, Kasich and Bush — had labored in the shadow of Trump, and ultimately Kasich benefited most from that jumble in the middle of the pack.

From the beginning, those four candidates knew there would be another ticket, or perhaps two, out of New Hampshire beyond Ted Cruz and Trump. Though Cruz was not a natural fit for the New Hampshire voters, his ground game has proven exceptional so far and was able to ride his Iowa victory into more comfortable territory in South Carolina without facing high expectations here.

Casting about for more moderate New Hampshire voters, Bush, Kasich and Christie all committed early to the John McCain model, driving from one corner of the state to another, holding dozens of town halls and lingering until the last voters had a chance to shake hands and ask questions.

Behind the scenes it was a bloodbath of negative ads and mailers behind the scenes. By January, the candidates and their allies had spent at least $30 million on negative ads, according to Kantar Media/CMAG.

A large portion of that spending was by the pro-Bush super PAC, Right to Rise, which sought to cast Rubio as a vote-skipping political novice and Kasich as a budget buster who had agreed to expand Medicaid as part of Obamacare. One mailer from Right to Rise showed pictures of Kasich and Rubio on a pair of red dice: ""Don't roll the dice. America needs a leader we can trust.""

Despite all that spending, Bush flailed as he repeatedly tried to take on Trump without success. But he became a better campaigner during his time in New Hampshire. He kept his town halls wonky and policy-focused, insisting even during his final campaign stops here that he was still ""a joyful warrior.""

Voters would often walk away from his town halls marveling that the campaigner that they had just seen on stage was a different person than they'd seen in the debates. He became accustomed on the rope line to being counseled by voters, who tried to buck him up by offering unsolicited advice about how to improve his debate performances.

In the final weekend, his campaign ramped up its ground game, which had focused largely on the populous southern band of New Hampshire, by bringing in dozens of former aides to President George W. Bush and President George H.W. Bush, as well as friends from Florida to knock on doors and make phone calls. He drew one of his biggest crowds with a special appearance by 90-year-old Barbara Bush, who called her son ""the world's nicest man"" during an appearance Thursday night in Derry.

""He's not a bragger -- we don't allow that,"" Barbara Bush said that night. ""But he's decent and honest. He's everything we need in a president.""

Becoming more emboldened over time, Bush tried to cast his attempted takedowns of Trump as an act of valor, going so far as to call Trump a ""whiner"" and ""a liar"" in one of his final tweets the day before the primary.

""I'm defending the honor of people that I really respect,"" Bush told CNN's Dana Bash in an interview Monday. ""I'm a joyful warrior. There's a difference between sitting back and watching someone try to hijack a party that I believe will allow people to rise up again.""

Like Christie, Bush also became increasingly willing to go after Rubio in the final weeks. He offered his most pointed criticism of the Florida senator in an MSNBC interview Friday, shrugging when asked what Rubio had accomplished in the Senate: ""Nothing,"" he said. ""He's a great guy. But he's not a leader."" And he refused to apologize for the attack ads by Right to Rise. ""Politics ain't bean bag,"" he told reporters.

At his final rally in Portsmouth on Monday night, Bush reminded attendees that he'd gone to nearly every nook and cranny of New Hampshire, including about 15,000 different Dunkin' Donuts. His ground game was sophisticated and well-funded -- particularly after he had shifted resources and staff from his Miami headquarters to the Granite state.

""You're from New Hampshire, you can change the course of anything,"" Bush told voters in Portsmouth Monday night. ""If you don't think the pundits are right, the obituaries that have been written about all the candidates, including me.... if you disagree with that you can reset this race tomorrow. You have that power. No one else does. It's an extraordinary responsibility.""

In one of the ironies of Tuesday night's race, it was Kasich's sunny campaign that ultimately notched him a second place finish behind Trump.

Kasich's advisers had always believed that he had a strong chance here because of his moderate record and potential appeal to New Hampshire's undeclared voters. And they invested in data to help target those late-deciding independent voters in the final hours.

Throughout the process, Kasich had also chafed at what he viewed as unfair attacks on his record. After an event earlier this week, he complained to reporters that his campaign had millions of dollars spent against them.

""They can't even build mailboxes big enough to put all the negative advertising in from all these campaigns,"" he said. But he believed his ground game would ""insulate us from all these attacks.""

As Rubio stumbled, Kasich's strategists saw an opening, bringing in some 500 out-of-state volunteers to help them canvass and make phone calls in the final days.

He was one of the few candidates who looked like he was having fun on the campaign trail -- taking a break between his 99th and 100th town hall in Hollis, New Hampshire, Friday to engage in a snowball fight with reporters and aides.

""If we win, I think it will send a powerful message,"" Kasich said a day earlier, ""because I think now is the time to be positive.""

He touched on those themes in his victory speech after coming in second to Donald Trump, asserting that there was ""magic in the air"" and describing his campaign as an effort ""to restore the spirit of America"" while ""leaving no person behind.""

""Maybe we are turning a page on a dark part of American politics,"" he said, ""because tonight the light overcame the darkness.""

But the path ahead remains cloudy for the establishment: With a jumbled mess of candidates still vying for third late Tuesday night, the brutal battle in New Hampshire that was supposed to clarify the race ultimately may have simply led to stalemate.",1
4568,"Obama Imposes Sanctions On Venezuela, Invoking Emergency Powers","Citing an ""erosion of human rights guarantees"" and corruption in Venezuela, President Obama issued an executive order Monday imposing sanctions on members of the country's military and intelligence services.

The White House says the executive order builds on the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Act of 2014, part of a response to a violent crackdown on government protests.

Obama also invoked his emergency powers to declare ""a national emergency with respect to the unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States posed by the situation in Venezuela.""

U.S. relations with Venezuela are currently in tatters, even as it attempts to forge new ties to Cuba.

As NPR's Parallels blog reported Sunday, ""President Nicolas Maduro accuses the U.S. of plotting a coup against him, and is expelling most U.S. diplomats from Venezuela. He is also demanding that Americans secure visas to enter the country.""

President Obama's executive order freezes the assets of seven individuals, ranging from Gustavo Enrique González López, the director general of Venezuela's national intelligence service, to the head of Venezuela's Bolivarian National Police, Manuel Eduardo Pérez Urdaneta.

Like several others on the list, the two men are charged with being involved with ""significant acts of violence or conduct that constitutes a serious abuse or violation of human rights.""

The White House's list also includes prosecutor Katherine Nayarith Haringhton Padron, who is accused of charging members of Venezula's opposition with crimes such as ""assassination/coup plots based on implausible — and in some cases fabricated — information.""",1
2059,"Clinton leads 2016 poll in Iowa, but Rand Paul is close (+video)","Clinton leads 2016 poll: Hillary Clinton tops the latest poll of potential 2016 presidential candidates in Iowa. Clinton comes out ahead of Sen. Marco Rubio and Sen. Rand Paul.

Former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton laughs at a speech during a February ceremony honoring her at the Pentagon in Washington. Clinton leads the latest poll in Iowa.

Husband Bill says, ""Relax."" Let his wife enjoy a bit of a private life for the first time in two decades.

But as far as the pollsters are concerned, the 2016 race is underway. And Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul is certainly acting like he's in the race.

The latest poll out of Iowa has former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton beating Florida Sen. Marco Rubio handily (48 vs. 37 percent), but could face a tougher race against Senator Paul (46 vs. 42 percent), according to a new poll by Quinnipiac University .

The poll says that Iowa voters would give the race to either Senator Rubio or Senator Paul, if the Democratic Party candidate was Vice President Joe Biden.

""The major difference between former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Vice President Joseph Biden is that she runs much better among independent voters, although Sen. Rand Paul runs better among that key group than either Democrat,"" said Peter A. Brown, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute.

""In general Sen. Paul appears to be the better GOP candidate at this point in Iowa. Part of the reason may be the publicity from his recent high-profile visit to the state, but more likely is that he begins with a solid base of support - the folks who voted for his father in the 2008 and 2012 caucuses.""

As The Christian Science Monitor reported , Rand Paul was in Iowa two weeks ago, and was popular among Republicans.

In a recent survey of [only] the registered Republican voters in Iowa, Paul won 39 percent of the vote with Marco Rubio next in line at just 20 percent. (Among Democrats , Hillary Clinton won 43 percent with Vice President Joe Biden winning 27 percent.) Earlier this year, Paul won a straw poll vote at the annual Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) . At a Monitor-sponsored press gathering last month , Paul said he would not decide whether to run before 2014. Meanwhile, he’s just unique enough among the GOP field – and just different enough from his father – to keep drawing attention.

On Monday night, Paul was in another key primary state. He addressed a sold-out New Hampshire Republican Party dinner of some 500 attendees. At that dinner speech, as he did in Iowa, he criticized Hillary Clinton's handling of the terrorist attack on the US consulate in Benghazi, Libya. ""If I had been president, I would have relieved [Hillary Clinton] from office. Without question that is a dereliction of duty,"" said Paul in Concord, N.H., according to Realclearpolitics.com.

Another Quinnipiac poll of voters in New Jersey , taken in March, also showed Clinton vanquishing three Republican contenders. Clinton beat New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (45 to 37 percent), in that poll. Voters surveyed also showed her beating Rubio and US Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin by even wider margins. The poll did not ask about Senator Paul.

""Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton would start a 2016 presidential campaign with enormous advantages,"" Mr. Brown of the Quinnipiac said in a statement after the New Jersey poll.  ""She obviously is by far the best known and her more than 20 years in the public spotlight allows her to create a very favorable impression on the American people. But it is worth noting that she had very good poll numbers in 2006 looking toward the 2008 election, before she faced a relative unknown in Barack Obama.""

When asked about his wife's 2016 plans, earlier this month Bill Clinton said , ""She’s taking a role in the [Clinton] foundation, she’s writing books, she’s having a little fun being a private citizen for the first time in 20 years.”

And then what?",1
2753,"Hours from deadline, bipartisan Medicare bill heads to White House","America's doctors can rest easy: Not only has Congress ensured they will be paid in full for the services they render to Medicare patients, it has ended the yearly ritual putting that in doubt.

The Senate voted 92-8 to approve a long-term ""doc fix,"" as the legislation adjusting Medicare fees has long been known, less than three hours before federal officials would have reduced payments to health-care providers by 21 percent. President Obama has indicated that he will sign the bill, which also extends the federal Children's Health Insurance Program, a key Democratic priority.

Despite the last-minute nature of the vote, it was lauded by Hill leaders as a bipartisan triumph for both removing a yearly headache from the legislative calendar but also by implementing modest reforms to Medicare, including future incentives for doctors to deliver better care as well as premium hikes for the wealthiest Medicare recipients.

[Congress congratulates itself for the ‘doc fix’ deal, but can it happen again?]

“Instead of kicking this important Medicare payment issue down the road again, a strong bipartisan majority in Congress voted to finally solve the problem and ensure that seniors on Medicare don’t lose access to their doctors,"" Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said in a statement.

Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.), ranking member of the Senate Finance Committee, said the vote was ""a milestone for the Medicare program"" for unraveling a ""common-sense-defying"" reimbursement system.

McConnell called Tuesday night's vote ""another reminder of a new Republican Congress that’s back to work,"" but it could not have happened without support from top Democratic leaders. The deal was forged last month in the House, in a bargain struck by Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) and Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) to eliminate the yearly ""doc fix"" votes while implementing some cost-cutting reforms to Medicare and extending the children's insurance program.

The bill passed the House 392 to 37 on March 26. The Senate did not act on the bill before leaving the next day for a two-week recess.

The ""doc fix"" has been necessitated by a 1997 legislative provision known as the Sustainable Growth Rate, which mandated that Medicare fees could not exceed the growth in the overall U.S. economy. But as actual health-care costs have far outstripped the fee hikes allowed by the 1997 legislation, Congress has been forced to step in on a yearly basis to reset the rates or risk the possibility that many health-care providers would stop treating Medicare recipients.

Before the final Senate vote Tuesday, senators rejected six amendments, the adoption of any of which would have sent the bill back to the House, busting the midnight deadline. The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services said earlier this month that it would begin processing cut-rate payments to doctors starting Wednesday.

The bill passed over the objections of the Senate's most conservative senators, who pushed colleagues to pay for the $141 billion in net spending that the Congressional Budget Office estimates the bill will create over the next decade. Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah) accused his Republican colleagues of hypocrisy for touting a budget resolution that will balance the federal budget by 2025 while passing a Medicare bill that will undermine that goal.

Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.), a presidential candidate, said in a statement Tuesday that any deal ending the ""doc fix"" should be ""fully paid for and include significant and structural reforms to Medicare that provide seniors more power and control over their health care.""

An amendment offered by Sen. John Cornyn (R-Tex.) would have offset the additional spending by repealing the health-care individual mandate -- the cornerstone of President Obama's Affordable Care Act. That measure went down along party lines in a vote requiring a 60-vote majority, with no Democrats or independents joining the Senate's 54 Republicans.

Republicans, meanwhile, banded together to defeat Democratic amendments that would have doubled the children's health insurance extension from two years to four, eliminated abortion restrictions in the bill and beefed up funding for women's health, and eliminated a cap on Medicare coverage for physical therapy.

While Cruz and Rubio opposed the bill, a third presidential hopeful, professional ophthalmologist Rand Paul (R-Ky.), supported it.",1
3823,How the next few weeks could determine the fate of Obama’s legacy,"June is shaping up as a time of reckoning for President Obama — and his legacy.

Over the next three weeks, he could record significant wins on three of his most ambitious initiatives. Or have each of them blow up in his face.

And those outcomes are largely outside of the president’s control.

On Capitol Hill, lawmakers in the House are nearing a make-or-break vote on Obama’s broad ­Pacific Rim free trade deal with 11 other countries. At the Supreme Court, the nine justices will soon rule on a crucial provision in the president’s landmark 2010 health-care law, with the insurance plans of more than 6 million people in the balance. And in Geneva, U.S. and Iranian diplomats face a June 30 deadline to announce a deal on the future of Tehran’s nuclear program.

A string of victories would provide the administration political momentum heading into the final stretch of Obama’s presidency, as he begins to frame the story of his administration after years of fierce combat with Republicans. A string of losses would undermine the White House’s message of transformational progress just as the 2016 campaign for his successor heats up and his presidency is examined in the crucible of an election season.

“This is a consequential time for the administration,” said Simon Rosenberg, founder of NDN, a liberal think tank. “It’s reflective of the fact that Obama has been a very ambitious president, which sometimes runs counter to the D.C. media narrative.”

The hurdles facing the administration are distinct and unpredictable, and inside the West Wing, Obama aides, who said it reflects the extent to which the president is still driving the country’s political agenda, have compartmentalized their fight on each front. Teams of policy experts and political advisers are plotting strategies and working through various contingencies independently.

“It’s going to be a busy summer,” said White House press secretary Josh Earnest, adding officials had “already expended significant political capital” in an effort to achieve some of these priorities.

But White House allies acknowledged that the president and his advisers are acutely aware of the stakes. The health-care law is considered Obama’s signature domestic policy achievement, the trade accord is central to his economic agenda, and the Iran nuclear deal could reshape the security environment in the Middle East and stand as his defining foreign policy success.

“People are conscious of it. These are hugely consequential inflection points on the substance of his presidency,” said one former White House official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss his former colleagues freely.

Julie Smith, a former national security adviser to Vice President Biden, called the summer “determinative” for the president’s agenda. “A lot of what hangs in the balance will be determined in the next couple of weeks,” she said.

Obama has projected confidence as he wields the powers of the presidency to influence the debate where he can. He invited a handful of Democratic lawmakers who support his trade initiative to accompany him on Air Force One to a summit with European leaders in Germany this week.

The House plans to vote by next week on legislation, which the Senate has approved, that would give Obama additional authority to complete the ­Trans-Pacific Partnership. The president has called the accord a linchpin in his bid to ensure that the United States remains the world’s dominant economic power in the face of China’s rise.

[READ: The odd bedfellows in the push for trade passage in the House]

It marks a rare chance for Obama to show he can work with the GOP, which largely supports his push, but he faces intense opposition from labor unions and progressive Democrats.

“I’m not going to hypothesize about not getting it done,” he said Monday during a news conference in Germany. “I intend to get it done.”

On health care, Obama was equally defiant. The Supreme Court is considering in King v. Burwell whether to strike down government subsidies for people who purchase coverage on the federal health insurance exchange. Obama on Monday called such an interpretation a “contorted reading” of the Affordable Care Act, and added that the case “probably shouldn’t have even been taken up” by the court.

The administration has insisted that there is no backup plan if the court strikes down the subsidies, which could force 6.4 million Americans to lose their insurance. Both sides on Capitol Hill are preparing for a political blame game if that happens. During an appearance Tuesday at the Catholic Health Association in Washington, Obama cast the health law as “woven into the fabric of America.”

“There’s something deeply cynical about the ceaseless partisan attempts to roll back progress,” he said. “You’d think it was time to move on.”

If the court guts the law, “it would be a terrible thing,” said Neera Tanden, president of the Center for American Progress, a liberal think tank. “But from the perspective of the parties, it would completely galvanize Democrats to make the Supreme Court a massive issue in the election.”

On the flip side, a loss for Obama in the courts would buoy Republicans who have denounced the law as a costly program that will impede the nation’s economic growth.

“Instead of jousting with reality again, perhaps he’ll consider the concerns of the constituents who write in every day to tell us how this law is hurting them,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said Tuesday.

One of the president’s top legacy items got a legal reprieve Tuesday, when the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit rejected state and industry challenges to a proposed rule limiting greenhouse gas emissions from existing power plants as premature.

The issue of Iran’s nuclear capability also came up during Obama’s meetings in Germany. White House aides have emphasized that he does not consider the June 30 deadline a soft target that could be pushed back more than a few days if an agreement is still being finalized.

“Iran has a historic opportunity to resolve the international community’s concerns about its nuclear program, and we agreed that Iran needs to seize that opportunity,” Obama said after meeting with his European counterparts.

The president has invested significant political capital in preserving the framework of the tentative deal that would scale back Tehran’s nuclear program for 10 to 15 years, slowing Iran’s ability to produce a nuclear weapon, according to the administration. Republicans and some Democrats, as well as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, have denounced the agreement and argued that Washington is foolish to trust Tehran.

Robert Dallek, a presidential historian, said that no matter how these initiatives fare over the next several weeks, it will take years to evaluate whether Obama ultimately achieves his policy goals. Still, Dallek said, presidents naturally become more preoccupied with their legacy as they approach the end of their second term.

“They’re very mindful of what history’s going to say about them, and they’re eager to shape how history views them,” he said.

And for White House staff members, who have experienced significant turnover, the ticking clock adds to the anxiety as they race to lock in the president’s most ambitious initiatives.

“People who have been there a long time start thinking, ‘Oh my gosh, I wish we could get this over with,’ ” said Joseph Hagin, who served as deputy chief of staff for President George W. Bush from 2001 to 2008. “People are tired, people are leaving, and it’s depressing to the people who are staying. It’s really this summer when people start to realize it’s coming to a close. But you’ve still got to be on your game.”",1
4446,Intelligence report commissioned by White House says ISIS not contained,"A new intelligence report commissioned by the White House says that the ISIS terror group will grow in numbers and gain ground unless it suffers significant losses in Iraq and Syria.

The findings sharply contradict previous statements by President Obama and other White House officials that the Islamic State has been ""contained"" by a program of U.S.-led airstrikes and the deployment of approximately 3,500 U.S. forces to train and otherwise aid moderate Syrian rebels and Kurdish fighters.

On Sunday, a U.S. official told Fox News that ISIS has been able to effectively recruit and attract affiliates despite losses on the ground, and has now supplanted Al Qaeda as the primary global jihadist threat.The official said that going forward, the entirety of the ISIS threat must be addressed, and the group's main base of operations in Syria must be “degraded.”

The findings were first reported by The Daily Beast, which said the White House asked for the assessment prior to the Nov. 13 attacks in Paris, in which ISIS militants killed 130 people in a series of coordinated shootings and suicide bombings.

In response to the report, The Daily Beast said President Obama had directed Defense Secretary Ash Carter and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joseph Dunford to come up with new strategies against ISIS.

One recommendation, announced by Carter Tuesday, is a special operations cell with the ability to capture senior ISIS leaders in the hope of finding out more about their networks.

However, the Daily Beast reported that Carter's announcement took military planners by surprise, since they had yet to finalize important details, including the rules of engagement under which such raids would be carried out.

The eight-page report was compiled by a team of analysts from the CIA, NSA, and other agencies, the website reported.

""This intel report didn't tell us anything we didn't already know,"" an official told The Daily Beast. ""It was lots of great charts showing countries highlighted across the globe, with some groups having pledged allegiance to ISIS and others leaning towards it.""

The report also described how the terrorist group with aspirations of founding an extremist Islamic caliphate already has a network of groups that have pledged allegiance or are vying for membership in a dozen countries.

Click for more from The Daily Beast.",1
2761,Istanbul: Explosion by ISIS bomber kills at least 10,"Istanbul (CNN) The suicide bomber who killed at least 10 foreigners Tuesday in a popular central Istanbul tourist area belonged to ISIS, officials said -- an attack that shows the group's nerve, reach and capacity for terror.

No group claimed responsibility for the blast, yet Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu pinned blame on the group that calls itself the Islamic State, which has entrenched itself in neighboring Syria and Iraq while proving willing time and again to lash out elsewhere.

At least eight Germans died in the blast between the Hagia Sophia and Blue Mosque tourist attractions in Istanbul's cultural and historic heart, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, warning that figure may rise. A Turkish official earlier told CNN that at least nine Germans were killed. Davutoglu indicated that the 15 wounded were from inside and outside his country, with German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier saying nine of those were German.

""They haven't just targeted those who died,"" Davutoglu said. ""They have targeted the whole of Turkey and the whole world.""

Born in 1988, the man responsible for the blast was not among the thousands being tracked by Turkish authorities, having ""newly (come) into Turkey from Syria,"" Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus said.

This violence can be pinned on many groups, including forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Yet ISIS has been behind many of the worst atrocities there and elsewhere in the region, a fact that's made the terror group a top target for civilized countries.

A member of NATO, Turkey has increasingly been engaged in this fight -- including allowing the United States to launch strikes from Incirlik Air Base in southern Turkey and clamping down to curb more fighters from going through its territory to join the group. ISIS has responded by singling out Turkey as a primary target, and a recent issue of its Dabiq magazine had a cover showing President Recep Tayyip Erdogan alongside U.S. President Barack Obama.

And Davutoglu stressed Turkey wouldn't back down after Tuesday's attack, urging his countrymen and people worldwide to unite against this threat.

""We will continue our fight against terror with the same firm attitude,"" said the Prime Minister, insisting his country will continue working with the U.S.-led coalition to combat ISIS. ""We will never compromise, not one single inch.""

'I saw shocked tourists falling to the ground'

Tuesday's blast rattled Sultanahmet Square around 10:20 a.m. (3:20 a.m. ET) and brought a rush of ambulances and security forces to an area that would have been heavily guarded on any day.

""I've never heard such a loud explosion in my life,"" Sener Ozdemir, a 45-year-old shop owner, told Turkey's semi-official Anadolu news agency. ""...Just after the incident, I saw shocked tourists falling to the ground.""

Targeting outsiders would be in line with attacks executed or inspired by ISIS, which has enemies everywhere and has proven willing to strike those who don't subscribe to its twisted, hard-line version of Sharia law.

Turkey is a popular destination for Germans, and Germany's foreign ministry urged travelers in Istanbul ""to avoid public gatherings (and) tourist attractions for now"" after the attack.

The Peruvian foreign ministry said in a statement that one of its citizens is in stable condition at a hospital after being wounded.

A Norwegian citizen was taken to a nearby hospital after the incident, foreign ministry spokesman Frode Andersen told CNN.

""The type of monuments that are in Sultanahmet Square are the type that ISIS has been blowing up in Syria,"" Gohel told CNN. ""It's seen as a place where you have a mesh of different entities. It's a real melting pot.""

The blast comes as Turkey deals with multiple security threats -- from longstanding nemesis the Kurdistan Workers' Party, or PKK, as well as ISIS, which has taken over swaths of Syria and Iraq on its quest to form a far-reaching caliphate.

Turkey's actions against ISIS, which first emerged out of Iraq but now has its de facto capital in Syria, are more recent but have nonetheless made it a target of that terrorist group.

Its military cooperation with the United States and other NATO nations in particular has angered ISIS, said Fadi Hakura, associate fellow at Chatham House.

Tuesday's blast -- if it's confirmed to be the terror group's work -- ups the ante for Ankara, forcing it to step up its anti-ISIS fight even more, according to the Asia-Pacific Foundation's Gohel.

""An attack like this is designed to create economic, political and social consequences,"" Gohel told CNN. ""Turkey has to realize that the pipeline that feeds ISIS from Turkey to Syria has to now be cut off, because incidents like this are not one-offs. This could be part of a series of plots.""

And given that the dead aren't Turkish, this attack directly impacts other countries as well. While it's not known if the bomber targeted any one nationality, the idea of terrorists targeting tourists is not new -- as illustrated in last March's attack on Tunis' Bardo Museum and June's mass shooting at a Tunisian beachfront hotel

""We have a free society ... but there are people who want us harmed,"" said Merkel, referring to the Tunisia attacks and the more recent ones targeting civilians in Paris. ""... We will persevere.""",1
4190,Trump Scoffs at Cruz Choosing a Running Mate: 'He Can't Win',"It's an unusual move for a presidential candidate to pick a vice presidential running mate before winning his party's nomination – even more unusual when his path to the nomination is blocked. But despite trailing Trump, Cruz went ahead and announced his choice.

But will he hit a home run by naming former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina as his running mate – or will he strike out?

""Carly isn't intimated by bullies,"" the Texas senator declared Wednesday. ""Over and over again, Carly has shattered glass ceilings.""

""This is the fight of our time,"" Fiorina said during Wednesday's announcement. ""And I believe Ted Cruz is the man to lead that fight. And I am prepared to stand by his side and give this everything I have, to restore the soul of our party, to defeat Donald Trump, to defeat Hillary Clinton, and to take our country back.""

Fiorina tussled with Trump early in the primary season for comments he made about her face. The GOP front-runner dismissed this latest move.

""A new relationship has started – Cruz and Carly,"" the tycoon said. ""Cruz can't win. What's he doing picking a vice president?""

Trump had other things to talk about as well. He gave a major foreign policy speech in Washington and said America's allies would have to start paying for their own defense. He also railed on the Bush and Obama administrations for not stopping persecution of Christians in the Middle East.

""We have done nothing to help Christians, nothing, and we should always be ashamed of that – for that lack of action,"" he said.

Trump went from there to Indiana where he got the endorsement of legendary Indiana Hooters basketball coach Bobby Knight, ahead of Tuesday's primary.

""If we win Indiana, it's over,"" he said. ""It's over. I'm not playing games with Indiana.""

After Indiana votes, Clinton is hoping it's also over for Bernie Sanders. The delegate math is not with Sanders, who rallied thousands of screaming fans at Indiana University hours after he announced the layoffs of hundreds of campaign staffers.

""Next Tuesday let's have the largest voter turnout in Indiana history,"" Sanders said.

Cruz is 400 delegates behind Trump and while he expects to win Indiana, if he doesn't, analysts say it's all over.",1
1380,The Many Faces of Iowa’s Caucus Voters,"Iowa’s caucuses are the embodiment of retail politics, typically rewarding candidates who build support—and enthusiasm—one county at a time. Social conservatives have asserted their influence in recent years, with conservative Rick Santorum narrowly edging out the more centrist Mitt Romney in 2012. But the state isn’t a monolith, and demographic characteristics may help handicap the Republican race.

Data from The Wall Street Journal/NBC News polls suggest a GOP primary electorate defined by three broad lanes: a highly religious bloc that supports socially conservative candidates such as Ted Cruz and Ben Carson; a more moderate slice of voters with higher incomes and education levels who back ‘establishment’ candidates like Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush; and a third constituency of Donald Trump supporters representing a secular, populist movement.

Viewed through that lens, here’s a look at where each type of candidate might build a winning coalition in Iowa.

Related article: How Donald Trump Happened: The Demographics Behind His Supporters »",1
4934,How Millennial voters see this election,"Millennials are not politically monolithic. With more than 75 million of them, they will shape the political landscape for years to come. Yet they are an unpredictable grab bag of fiscal conservatism and social liberalism.

Anibal David Cabrera, 31, stands in front of a mural in the Ybor City neighborhood of Tampa, Fla., on July 7, 2016. A Jeb Bush die-hard in the primaries, he's now supporting Trump and hopes the business mogul can make good on his promises.

The oldest millennials — nearing 20 when airplanes slammed into New York City's Twin Towers — are old enough to remember the relative economic prosperity of the 1990s, and when a different Clinton was running for president. The nation's youngest adults — now nearing 20 themselves — find it hard to recall a reality without terrorism and economic worry.

Now millennials have edged out baby boomers as the largest living generation in U.S. history, and more than 75 million of them have come of age. How they vote on Nov. 8 will shape the political landscape for years to come. Yet with less than three months to go before Election Day, the values of young Americans whose coming-of-age was bookended by the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks and the Great Recession are emerging as an unpredictable grab bag of fiscal conservatism and social liberalism.

What they share is a palpable sense of disillusionment.

As part of its Divided America series, The Associated Press spent time with seven millennial voters in five states where the oldest and largest swath of this generation — ages 18 to 35, as defined by the Pew Research Center — could have an outsized influence in November. They are a uniquely American mosaic, from a black teen in Nevada voting for the first time to a Florida-born son of Latino immigrants to a white Christian couple in Ohio.

Taken individually, these voters illustrate how millennials are challenging pollsters' expectations based on race, class and background in surprising ways, reacting to what they see as the loss of the American Dream. They are intent on shaping something new and important that reflects their reality — on their own terms.

""Millennials have been described as apathetic, but they're absolutely not. I think you can see from this election year that they're not, and that millennials have a very nuanced understanding of the political world,"" said Diana Downard, a 26-year-old Bernie Sanders supporter who will vote for Hillary Clinton. ""So yeah, I'm proud to be a millennial.""

Just 5 percent of young adults say that America is ""greater than it has ever been,"" while 52 percent feel the nation is ""falling behind"" and 24 percent believe the U.S. is ""failing,"" according to a GenForward poll released last month. The first-of-its kind survey of young people between the ages of 18 and 30 was conducted by the Black Youth Project at the University of Chicago with the Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research.

Fifty-four percent believe only a few people at the top can get ahead in today's America, and 74 percent say income and wealth distribution are uneven, according to the poll.

Briana Lawrence, a 21-year-old videographer and eyelash artist from Durham, North Carolina, identifies with those numbers.

She was just 7 on Sept. 11 and the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks is the only time she can remember the nation feeling united, even if only by grief. With $40,000 in student debt, she's working hard to establish her own cosmetic business after graduating from North Carolina Central University. She plans to vote for Hillary Clinton, but feels America has lost its way.

""My biggest hope for this country is for us to come back together as a community. As a United States of America, to unite together again,"" she said.

But millennials know that getting to that place won't be easy. Many, like Lawrence, are saddled with college debt and have struggled to find jobs.

In Denver, 1,600 miles to the west, Downard also has almost $40,000 in student debt that's already changed her path. A dual U.S. and Mexican citizen, she feels she can't afford to work for an overseas organization — one of her dreams — and plans to delay having a family at least 10 years.

""We went to college in pursuit of a better life and really, now, we're kind of just paralyzed by our student debt,"" said Downard, who works for a nonpartisan organization that works to improve youth voter registration. ""You can't even think about those sorts of alternative options.""

In part because of these economic pressures, a 2014 Pew Research Center poll found that — for the first time in more than 130 years — adults ages 18 to 34 were slightly more likely to be living with their parents than with a spouse or partner in their own residence. And one in four millennials say they might not ever marry, a Pew survey found.

Only 8 percent of young adults feel their household's financial situation is ""very good,"" and education and economic growth ranked No. 1 and No. 2 as the issues that will most influence their vote, according to the GenForward poll.

""We might be in a 'good-ish' finance situation right now as a country, but I was always taught there's ups and downs in the finance world and with every up, there's a down. So we should be preparing for that down to come,"" said Brien Tillett, who graduated this spring from a high school just miles from the Las Vegas Strip.

Tillett, who turned 18 in July, was 10 when the recession hit and sucked the wind out of his family. His mother, a single parent, was in a car accident that hospitalized her for three months and, with no safety net, the family struggled.

""It was to the point where I would not ask my mother to go hang out with my friends because I didn't want her to worry about money,"" said Tillett, whose brush with insolvency has deeply influenced his views.

The national debt is his No. 1 concern.

As a young black man, he's turned off by remarks by Donald Trump that he finds racist and xenophobic, but likes Trump's aggressive stance on the economy. ""We're trillions of dollars in debt and that should not be happening,"" said Tillett, who started running track at a two-year college this month.

He strongly considered voting for Trump, but will now vote for Clinton because Trump has become ""a loose cannon"" in recent weeks. Still, he's angry about Clinton's use of a private email server when she was Secretary of State. ""We have to basically question if we can truly trust her with all of our nation's secrets,"" he said.

Anibal David Cabrera was in high school when Tillett was just a small boy — but he's part of the same generation.

The son of a Honduran mother and Dominican father, he graduated from college in 2008 as the recession was picking up steam. A finance major, he wanted to work for a hedge fund or bank, but the economic collapse meant jobs had dried up. Eventually Cabrera, now 31 and living in Tampa, Florida, got an accounting job at a small tech firm.

He feels he's entering the prime of his life a few steps behind where he could have been, through no fault of his own.

A Jeb Bush die-hard in the primaries, he's now supporting Trump and hopes the business mogul can make good on his promises.

""My biggest hope for the country would be a prosperous economy. That is something my generation has kind of never seen,"" Cabrera said. ""We never got to experience the rapid growth of the '80s or the '90s, and I think my generation would love to see that.""

Shared pain does not lead to shared views among his generation.

Millennial voters' disdain for traditional party affiliation have made them particularly unpredictable. Half describe themselves as political independents, according to a 2014 Pew Research report — a near-record level of political disaffiliation. As a generation, they tend to be extremely liberal on social questions such as gay marriage, abortion and marijuana legalization. Yet they skew slightly conservative on fiscal policy and are more in line with other generations on gun control and foreign affairs.

Trip Nistico, a recent graduate of the University of Colorado, Boulder's law school, is an avid supporter of gun rights who goes to shooting ranges but also supports same-sex marriage. The 26-year-old Texas native voted for President Barack Obama in 2008 — his first presidential election — and Mitt Romney in 2012.

""I'm pretty liberal on social issues. I don't really think that — on a national level — they're really as important as some of these other issues we've been discussing,"" he said.

He's supporting Trump because his preferred candidate, the Libertarian Party's Gary Johnson, isn't likely to crack the polls.

Trump remains wildly unpopular among young adults, however, and nearly two-thirds of Americans between the ages of 18 and 30 believe the Republican nominee is racist, according to the GenForward poll. Views of Hillary Clinton also were unfavorable, though not nearly to the same extent.

Many millennials are angry that Democratic challenger Bernie Sanders has withdrawn and are disillusioned with the electoral process.

Forty-two percent of voters under 30 have ""hardly any confidence"" that the Republican presidential nomination process is fair and 38 percent feel the same about the Democratic process, according to the GenForward poll. The survey was taken before the leak of Democratic National Committee emails that roiled the Democratic Party.

Bill and Kristi Clay, young parents and devout Christians from rural Ohio, offer a portrait of millennials struggling to choose a candidate who matches their values.

They have two sons, 4 and 6, and are adopting a child from the Philippines. They serve meals with their church at inner-city soup kitchens in nearby Columbus and have a mix of political views that, Bill Clay says, comes from following ""the lamb, not the donkey or elephant.""

Kristi Clay opposes same-sex marriage and abortion and names those as her top issues this election. Yet the 32-year-old school librarian is still reluctantly leaning toward voting for Clinton. ""You have to look at the big picture,"" she says.

Bill Clay, meanwhile, shares his wife's views on the more conservative issues, but they hold what some would consider more liberal views on matters such as immigration.

""If we're going to try to be Christian-like, and embrace people, I don't think you can shut the borders to an entire group of people just because of the fear that some of them don't like us,"" said Clay, 33, who voted for Barack Obama in the last two elections but supported Republican Marco Rubio this time.

Yet that strong faith has not helped him find much inspiration in the current candidates, both of whom he sees as self-serving and unwilling to budge on important issues.

""I'm feeling a little pessimistic this year,"" he said.

The Clays say they will vote no matter what, but whether their millennial brothers and sisters do the same is an open question.

The millennial vote rose steadily beginning in 2002 and peaked in 2008, with excitement over Obama's first campaign. In 2012, however, just 45 percent of millennials cast ballots and participation has leveled off or dropped ever since, said John Della Volpe, director of polling at Harvard University's Institute of Politics.

""They have a somewhat different perspective in terms of politics, ""Della Volpe said. ""It hasn't really worked. They haven't been part of a movement that's been effective.""

Yet Tillett, the teen in Nevada, exudes youthful idealism as he talks about casting his first vote in a presidential election.

""It means a lot to me personally because I'm making a difference in my life and in the country. My vote does matter,"" he said. ""It really does.""

AP journalists Gillian Flaccus reported from Colorado, Nevada and Oregon; Tamara Lush from Florida and North Carolina; and Martha Irvine from Ohio.",1
1816,Donald Trump Tops 30% in /ORC poll,"Trump gained 8 points since August to land at 32% support, and has nearly tripled his support since just after he launched his campaign in June. The new poll finds former neurosurgeon Ben Carson rising 10 points to land in second place with 19%. Together, these two non-politicians now hold the support of a majority of Republicans and Republican-leaning independents, and separately, both are significantly ahead of all other competitors.

Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush stands in third place with 9%, down 4 points since August, and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz holds fourth place with 7%. Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker follow at 5%, with all other candidates at 3% or less, including Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, who notched the only other statistically significant shift in the poll by falling 5 points since August.

Trump's gains come most notably among two groups that had proven challenging for him in the early stages of his campaign -- women and those with college degrees. While he gained just 4 points among men in the last month (from 27% in August to 31% now), he's up 13 points among women, rising from 20% in August to 33% now. Trump has also boosted his share of the vote among college graduates, increasing his support among those with degrees from 16% in August to 28% now. Among those without degrees, he stands at 33%, just slightly higher than the 28% support he had in August.

Trump has also catapulted ahead of the rest of the field among Republicans who back the tea party movement, from 27% support in August to 41% now. Among that group in the new poll, Carson follows with 21%, and Cruz, another candidate with an anti-Washington message, holds third with 11%. No other candidate tops 5% among tea partiers. Carson's gains, meanwhile, have come chiefly among core partisans -- he's up 13 points among Republicans and 11 points among conservatives -- and he runs closest to Trump among white evangelicals (32% back Trump, 28% Carson), a key voting bloc within the Republican primary electorate. Carson also has enthusiasm at his side. Republicans are more than twice as likely to say they would be enthusiastic with Carson at the top of the ticket than if Rubio, Cruz, Walker or Bush led the GOP into 2016, and while he and Trump are about even in enthusiasm (43% would be enthusiastic if Carson got the nod, 40% if Trump did), fewer say they would be disappointed if Carson emerged the victor (20% would be dissatisfied or upset if Carson won, 32% if Trump did). Still, most Republican voters (51%) think Trump is most likely to emerge as the GOP winner, well ahead of the 19% who think Bush will top the party ticket and 11% who think Carson will. In a July poll, 14% of Republican voters said they thought Walker was most likely to wind up the winner, in the new poll, that figure stands at just 1%. Support for the ""outsider"" contingent of Trump, Carson and to some extent businesswoman Carly Fiorina (who hasn't built on her post-debate boomlet in this poll, she has just 3% support) rests more on their positions on the issues than their experience outside of Washington. Among those backing one of those three candidates without experience in elective office, 75% say they back them because of their views on the issues, 16% because of their on-the-job experience and 7% because they dislike the other candidates. Among those backing candidates who have previously been elected to office, 34% say their experience is the main draw, 51% issue positions, and 14% say it's due to dislike of the other candidates. 



""So, ladies and gentlemen, I am officially running for president of the United States, and we are going to make our country great again,"" Trump told the crowd at his announcement. Businessman Donald Trump announced June 16 at his Trump Tower in New York City that he is seeking the Republican presidential nomination. This ends more than two decades of flirting with the idea of running for the White House.""So, ladies and gentlemen, I am officially running for president of the United States, and we are going to make our country great again,"" Trump told the crowd at his announcement. 



""These are all of our stories,"" Cruz told the audience at Liberty University in Virginia. ""These are who we are as Americans. And yet for so many Americans, the promise of America seems more and more distant."" Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas has made a name for himself in the Senate, solidifying his brand as a conservative firebrand willing to take on the GOP's establishment. He announced he was seeking the Republican presidential nomination in a speech on March 23.""These are all of our stories,"" Cruz told the audience at Liberty University in Virginia. ""These are who we are as Americans. And yet for so many Americans, the promise of America seems more and more distant."" Ohio Gov. John Kasich joined the Republican field July 21 as he formally announced his White House bid.



""I am here to ask you for your prayers, for your support ... because I have decided to run for president of the United States,"" Kasich told his kickoff rally at the Ohio State University. 



""Everyday Americans need a champion, and I want to be that champion -- so you can do more than just get by -- you can get ahead. And stay ahead,"" she said in her announcement video. ""Because when families are strong, America is strong. So I'm hitting the road to earn your vote, because it's your time. And I hope you'll join me on this journey."" Hillary Clinton launched her presidential bid on April 12 through a video message on social media. The former first lady, senator and secretary of state is considered the front-runner among possible Democratic candidates.""Everyday Americans need a champion, and I want to be that champion -- so you can do more than just get by -- you can get ahead. And stay ahead,"" she said in her announcement video. ""Because when families are strong, America is strong. So I'm hitting the road to earn your vote, because it's your time. And I hope you'll join me on this journey."" , an independent from Vermont who caucuses with Democrats, announced his run in an email to supporters on April 30. He has said the United States needs a ""political revolution"" of working-class Americans to take back control of the government from billionaires. 



""This great nation and its government belong to all of the people and not to a handful of billionaires, their super PACs and their lobbyists,"" Sanders said at a rally in Vermont on May 26. Sen. Bernie Sanders , an independent from Vermont who caucuses with Democrats, announced his run in an email to supporters on April 30. He has said the United States needs a ""political revolution"" of working-class Americans to take back control of the government from billionaires.""This great nation and its government belong to all of the people and not to a handful of billionaires, their super PACs and their lobbyists,"" Sanders said at a rally in Vermont on May 26. Although Bush's support for the nomination has dipped only slightly since the August poll, there are few positive signs for a man once seen as the front-runner for the nomination. The 19% who think he's most likely to win the party's nomination is down from 31% in July. Nearly half of Republicans (47%) say they would be dissatisfied or upset should he win the nomination, and just 16% say they would be enthusiastic about his candidacy if he did win. And his push to be the candidate of economic growth hasn't resonated: Just 7% who call the economy an extremely important issue say they would back him for the Republican nomination. As Trump and Carson have gained, Republican voters have begun to gain enthusiasm for the coming presidential election. While 28% described themselves as ""extremely enthusiastic"" about the election in July and August, that's now climbed to 34%, while deep enthusiasm among Democrats has dipped from 33% to 28%. Trump's growth in the field has also come alongside an increase in attention to the issue of illegal immigration. A majority of Republicans now call the issue extremely important to their vote for president, 51% now call it extremely important, up from 39% in a June CNN/ORC poll. Among that group, Trump holds a wide lead, with 42% support compared with 17% for Carson, 10% for Cruz, 9% for Bush and 5% for Walker. The CNN/ORC Poll was conducted by telephone September 4-8 among a random national sample of 1,012 adults. This sample included 930 interviews with registered voters, 474 of whom were self-identified Republicans or Republican-leaning independents. For results among all registered voters, the margin of sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points. Among Republican voters, it is plus or minus 4.5 points.",1
2437,It's National Health Care Decisions Day: Who will you designate?,"We know that at least 90% percent of Americans have heard of a living will, but still only about one third have one. Even among nursing home residents, only 65% have some type of Advanced Care planning documentation. This is not news in the health care community, but if we want to change these numbers we have to ask “why?”

Hospitals have at least been asking about advanced directives since the early 1990s. The Federal Patient Self-Determination Act of 1990 requires all facilities participating in Medicare to inform patients about their decision-making rights and ask if they have an advanced care directive. This is why any admission to the hospital—even of a young, healthy adult—starts with questions about “code status” or advanced directives.

We learned from this that many people have not thought about end-of-life care. To address this gap and facilitate the resource intensive discussions advanced care planning requires, the Affordable Care Act originally included a provision that would have made these discussions a billable service. Unfortunately the provision was removed after fears arose that reimbursing for these conversations would result in “death panels.”

But despite the conversations occurring under these laws, the Institute of Medicine report this fall on Dying in America, and the growing dialogue about dying in America—the popularity of Atul Gawande’s book, ""Being Mortal,"" demonstrates significant public interest in how people age and die and how the medical profession responds—many Americans remain silent about their own wishes. As practitioners, we do not think it is out of fear. We think it is simply that these are hard conversations to have.

These are not routine questions to be answered in a vacuum. Do you want to be on a ventilator if you cannot breathe? Do you want antibiotics if you have an infection? Do you want nutrition and hydration if you cannot eat?

All of these considerations require context and details: How sick am I? What is my prognosis?

What social and financial supports do I have?

And what’s more, the answer to those questions is constantly changing.

April 16th is National Health Care Decisions Day. The purpose is to educate, empower, and inspire the public and providers to take action on advanced care planning. In spreading the word about advanced care planning, we want to stress the importance of designating a surrogate and letting your loved ones know who that is.

A surrogate is a loved one of your choosing who will speak for you if you cannot. He or she will be able to look at the entire landscape of your care, discuss the situation with your provider, understand in real time the details of what is happening, and then make a decision that best coincides with your wishes. You can use your state’s Advanced Directive form to designate a surrogate or agent. Alternatively, you can designate a medical power of attorney (POA) through a POA form. You should be sure to share a copy of the signed form with your surrogate.

As health care providers working in the field of palliative care—a growing branch of medical care personalized to each patient with a focus on quality of life and symptom management—we believe a chronically ill person plays a pivotal role in the development of an individualized plan of care.  When patients are clear about their wishes, research shows they enjoy more personal comfort, greater satisfaction regarding their healthcare, and often a longer life.

It is so hard to make decisions about hypothetical situations, but that is where many Americans, especially younger ones, find themselves when faced with advanced care planning discussions.

 This National Health Care Decisions Day we challenge everyone to think about your surrogate.

Who would that be? Have you talked to him or her about end-of-life care before? Are you willing to legally designate that person on an advanced directives card you keep in your wallet?

For most of us, our end-of-life wishes will be refined in conversations we will have over a lifetime, punctuated by different pressured circumstances. And that is ok. But designating a surrogate is a first step that may be your most important step.

On April 16th, whom will you designate?

Gary W. Dodd, M.S.N and M.Div., works as a Board-Certified Adult Nurse Practitioner with Aspire Healthcare and seeks to promote holistic care for individuals through his interactions with patients, writing and public speaking.

William ""Bill"" H. Frist, M.D. is a nationally-acclaimed heart and lung transplant surgeon, former U.S. Senate Majority Leader, and chairman of the Executive Board of the health service private equity firm Cressey & Company.",1
24,Pro-Lifers Take over Planned Parenthood's #PPShoutYourStory,"Pro-lifers have taken to social media to use Planned Parenthood's own campaign hashtag against them.

Planned Parenthood centers and supporters across the country took to Facebook and Twitter encouraging women to share how Planned Parenthood has helped them, using the hashtag #PPShoutYourStory.

Clinics posted messages like this one, hoping for positive participation around the country:

""As part of the ?#?PPShoutYourStory? campaign, people around New Mexico have been sharing their stories of how Planned Parenthood has impacted their lives. Participate in our all-out Twitter rally to shout your story about what Planned Parenthood means to you. Thursday, July 16 at 12:30 p.m. MT. Save the date!"" posted on Planned Parenthood Votes Colorado Facebook page.

Thousands of people have joined in on the hashtag to share their stories, but not in the way the organization hoped for. A quick click on the hashtag displays countless stories of women permanently traumatized from their visits to Planned Parenthood.

""Hey planned parenthood: I was born alive in one of your clinics, burned in my mother's womb for 18 hrs #PPShoutYourStory"" @giannajessen.

""I had an abortion at 16 & regret it every day. I wish I had a 37 yo & grandkids instead of regret. #PPShoutYourStory"" @GeorgetteForney

""I'm married 23 yrs two lovely kiddos and a successful new business #noChildsacrificed #PPShoutYourStory"" @conservgal

""Actually women do excel w/o it costing the lives of their babes-That's my story #PPShoutYourStory #PPSellsBabyParts"" @Kyleenwright

""Let me disclose my shame. I have had two abortions. Two...Twenty years ago, unmarried but in a relationship I thought would be my last, a violent morning sickness revealed to me that I was with child. The man in my life, at 24, was a mental boy and couldn't or wouldn't face fatherhood. And I was a coward, afraid to lose him,"" Julie Ludlum posted on her Facebook page.

""So with grief and disgust, I went to Planned Parenthood. I was cavalierly offered a video about something but not given other options and had no individual counsel...I swore to myself it would never happen again. Ten years later, different man, same scenario. This time, I begged him to please, please let me keep this child...I share your disgust and frustration, but abortion number two still happened,"" she wrote.

""That was Thomas, and I nearly followed him into death out of guilt and self loathing and a very tempting bridge over San Diego traffic. But I'm here. My life and my horrible sins have been redeemed through the work of Jesus on the cross...So I will continue to post information about Planned Parenthood because ?#?PPkillsbabies? and ?#?PPsellsbabyparts?... ?#?DefundPP? Don't ?#?StandwithPP.?""

Ludlum did not use the hashtag in her original post, but several of her friends included it as they shared her story on Facebook.

""Between our culture's declarations of belief that abortion revolves around a woman's personal choice are other women out of their depths responding by their actions a potential child was never nor ever will be a sheer choice, despite attempts to make it one. #PPShoutYourStory,"" Sean Brendon Stewart wrote.",1
844,"Cruz, Kasich campaign announce collaboration to deny Trump delegates","The presidential campaigns of Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich announced late Sunday that they were coordinating their efforts in three upcoming primary states in an extraordinary attempt to prevent Republican front-runner Donald Trump from clinching the GOP nomination before this summer's convention.

In a pair of simultaneously released statements, the campaigns announced that Kasich would pull out of Indiana to give Cruz ""a clear path"" ahead of that state's winner-take-all primary May 3, while the Cruz campaign will ""clear the path"" for Kasich in Oregon, which votes May 17, and New Mexico, which votes June 7.

""Having Donald Trump at the top of the ticket in November would be a sure disaster for Republicans,"" Cruz's campaign manager, Jeff Roe, said. ""To ensure that we nominate a Republican who can unify the Republican Party and win in November, our campaign will focus its time and resources in Indiana and in turn clear the path for Gov. Kasich to compete in Oregon and New Mexico, and we would hope that allies of both campaigns would follow our lead.""

The arrangement marks a sharp reversal for Cruz's team, which aggressively opposed the idea of a coordinated anti-Trump effort as recently as late last week. Yet it underscores a bleak reality for the billionaire businessman's Republican foes: Time is running out to stop him.

A statement from the Trump campaign called the move ""a horrible act of desperation from two campaigns who have horribly failed.""

The Kasich campaign confirmed to Fox News that it had canceled two Indiana campaign events scheduled for Tuesday. As recently as three days ago Kasich's campaign announced investments in Indiana, including the opening of two offices and the creation of a campaign leadership team.

Campaign manager John Weaver said in his statement that the Kasich team hoped to perform well in Oregon and New Mexico, which Weaver said were ""structurally similar"" to northeastern states where Kasich performed well earlier in the cycle.

""Our goal is to have an open convention in Cleveland,"" Weaver added, ""where we are confident a candidate capable of uniting the party and winning in November will emerge as the nominee.""

The announcement came less than 48 hours before voting begins across five Northeastern states where the New York billionaire is poised to add to his already overwhelming delegate lead. Trump campaigned Sunday in Maryland, which will vote on Tuesday along with Rhode Island, Connecticut, Pennsylvania and Delaware.

Trump needs 1,237 delegates to win the Republican nomination. If he falls short, the national Republican gathering in July will evolve into a rare contested convention.

At a rally in Hagerstown, Md., Trump stressed repeatedly that he expects to win the 1,237 delegates needed in the first round of voting to stave off a contested convention.



""I only care about the first. We're not going for the second and third and fourth and fifth,"" said Trump.



Even before the plan was announced, Cruz had all but abandoned the Northeastern states in favor of Indiana, which holds its primary on May 3. Both Cruz and Kasich had cast the state as a critical turning point.



""Keeping Trump from winning a plurality in Indiana is critical to keeping him under 1,237 bound delegates before Cleveland,"" Kasich's campaign said Sunday. ""We are very comfortable with our delegate position in Indiana already, and given the current dynamics of the primary there, we will shift our campaign's resources west and give the Cruz campaign a clear path in Indiana.""

Indiana will award 57 delegates to the winner of its primary. Oregon and New Mexico have 28 and 24 proportionately awarded delegates at stake, respectively.

Fox News' Dan Gallo and the Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3819,Obama digs in on plan to close Guantanamo prison camp,"President Obama doubled down Friday on his push to shutter the Guantanamo Bay prison camp, calling it a magnet for “jihadi recruitment” and vowing to present his closure plan to Congress -- while keeping his cards close to the vest on whether he’d try to use executive action to finish the job.

The president addressed his plans at a year-end press conference at the White House, before heading to Hawaii for his annual family vacation. With the Guantanamo push standing as a major piece of unfinished business going into his final year in office, Obama was asked about his strategy.

Obama said he’ll present Congress with his plan, and argued that the camp remains one of the “key magnets for jihadi recruitment.”

“For us to close it is part of our counterterrorism strategy,” Obama said.

As he spoke to the press, his Defense Department is said to be moving a plan to potentially transfer another 17 inmates out of the facility – part of the effort to reduce the number of detainees at the camp as much as possible.

The president, though, faces deep resistance from some in Congress over the final closure plan, and particularly the expectation that the administration will try to bring any inmates who cannot be transferred or released elsewhere to the U.S. mainland.

Obama would not say definitively Friday if he’d use executive action should Congress continue to block him – but suggested it’s an option on the table.

“We will wait until Congress has definitely said no to a well-thought-out plan with numbers attached to it, before we say anything definitive about my executive authority here,” Obama said.

More broadly, Obama vowed Friday not to fade in the background but instead use his remaining months to push longstanding goals to fruition.

""In 2016, I'm going to leave it all out on the field,"" he said.

“With the terror threat as great as it’s been since 9/11 and ISIS gaining ground, President Obama’s self-serving victory lap looks incredibly out of touch,” RNC Chairman Reince Priebus said in a statement. “Two weeks on the golf course isn’t going to get us any closer to defeating radical Islamic terrorism or keeping our country safe from another attack.”

The president, though, portrayed 2015 as one of significant progress for his agenda, pointing to diplomacy with Iran and Cuba and an Asia-Pacific trade agreement as big wins for his administration. He also praised a Supreme Court ruling legalizing gay marriage and a congressional rewrite of the No Child Left Behind law as further victories for causes he's made central to his presidency.

Still, he said, he plans to do much more in 2016.

""I said at the beginning of this year that interesting stuff happens in the fourth quarter -- and we are only halfway through,"" Obama said.

Calling attention to his signature legislative achievement, Obama announced that 6 million people had signed up for health care so far this year under the Affordable Care Act, a surge that officials say illustrates the program's durability.

After the news conference, Obama was to depart for San Bernardino, California, where he planned to meet with families of the 14 victims of the terror attack. He then will fly to Hawaii to spend Christmas and New Year's with his family. Obama has vacationed in Hawaii every year since taking office.

Obama on Friday, after spending the week trying to reassure the public about security measures in place following the San Bernardino and Paris terror attacks, also vowed to keep hitting the Islamic State.

“Our air campaign will continue to hit ISIL harder than ever,” he said.

At the same time, he acknowledged difficulties in balancing civil liberties against security needs – when asked about complaints security officials are not adequately screening social media of visa seekers, after it emerged one of the California attackers had made jihadist comments online.

Obama stressed that private communications are “harder to discern.” He said the government would be “engaging with the high-tech community” to figure out a better way to track suspected terrorists.

“We’re going to have to continue to balance our needs for security with people’s legitimate concerns about privacy,” he said.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3928,Here's how moms get pushed out of the workforce,"This week, Katharine Zaleski confessed her sins against motherhood on Fortune, and it went viral.

Zaleski is now the cofounder and president of PowerToFly, a firm that works to match women with flexible jobs. But before that, she was working in media, at the Washington Post and Huffington Post.

Her column no doubt did well for the sheer shock value. (She recounts how she said nothing when an editor proposed firing someone ""before she 'got pregnant.'"") But another reason it resonates so strongly could be that the worst of Zaleski's actions line up with emerging research around the ways women — especially moms — are discriminated against in the workplace. Women have felt this for years. But the research, and now the confessions, are catching up.

Zaleski recounts a few of her worst transgressions:

1. I secretly rolled my eyes at a mother who couldn’t make it to last minute drinks with me and my team. I questioned her ""commitment"" even though she arrived two hours earlier to work than me and my hungover colleagues the next day. 2. I didn’t disagree when another female editor said we should hurry up and fire another woman before she ""got pregnant."" 3. I sat in a job interview where a male boss grilled a mother of three and asked her, ""How in the world are you going to be able to commit to this job and all your kids at the same time?"" I didn’t give her any visual encouragement when the mother – who was a top cable news producer at the time – looked at him and said, ""Believe it or not, I like being away from my kids during the workday… just like you."" 4. I scheduled last minute meetings at 4:30 pm all of the time. It didn’t dawn on me that parents might need to pick up their kids at daycare. I was obsessed with the idea of showing my commitment to the job by staying in the office ""late"" even though I wouldn’t start working until 10:30 am while parents would come in at 8:30 am.

It's easy to see why the column went viral: it's not only enraging, but it's also a conversion story — once Zaleski had a baby herself, the scales fell from her eyes and she realized the error of her ways.

we're very good at honoring motherhood. but we seem to have trouble when moms need a paycheck or have career aspirations.

She also gets into some of the very issues researchers have begun uncovering.

For example, many working moms know that ""opting out"" isn't always opting out. Zaleski's story echoes an eye-opening December study of Harvard Business School alums. Many of those high-achieving women had stopped working, not because they wanted to be stay-at-home moms but because the working world had started to shun them.

Some women get subtle messages, as Harvard's researchers write...and as Zaleski shows, some women get interviewers asking them how they'll commit to a job and kids at the same time.

A lack of flexibility for parents can also show up in women's paychecks. For example, Zaleski expected parents to conform to a non-parent schedule, coming to 4:30 pm meetings. That kind of rigidity can prevent women from keeping up with men. Harvard economist Claudia Goldin found in a 2014 study that flexibility in hours plays a huge part in creating more pay equality between men and women. As she wrote, ""The gender gap in pay would be considerably reduced and might vanish altogether if firms did not have an incentive to disproportionately reward individuals who labored long hours and worked particular hours.""

It's true that Zaleski and Harvard Business School alums are breathing some rarefied air. But even the most basic kind of flexibility is unavailable to many American workers. According to the White House, only 39 percent of US workers report having access to paid family leave for the birth of a child. Even more shockingly, employers say only 11 percent of workers are covered, meaning some employers may be offering informal arrangements.

It's true that not all bias in the workplace is as deliberate as that in Zaleski's former world — indeed, a lot of it may be subconscious. But it reflects a twisted attitude — that our society values motherhood but not the mothers themselves. In cards, poems, songs, movies, books, even commercials, we are very good at honoring mothers for being moms. What we seem to have trouble with is when those moms need to earn money or want to advance their careers.",1
1409,Five takeaways from the GOP debate,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
4244,"Trump wins in Hawaii, Mississippi and Michigan","Donald Trump won convincing victories Tuesday in the Michigan and Mississippi primaries, as well as the caucuses in Hawaii, suggesting that the intensified GOP establishment assault on Trump’s character and record had not yet wounded the front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination.

In Michigan and Mississippi, Trump galvanized huge populations of white working-class voters with his populist economic pitch, nativist rhetoric and outsider appeal to win by double-digit margins, further solidifying the billionaire mogul’s lead in the rollicking nomination battle.

Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) came in second in the Hawaii caucuses. But he won Idaho decisively, followed by Trump in second and trailed by Sen. Marco Rubio (Fla.) and Ohio Gov. John Kasich.

But the night’s marquee event was in Michigan, where late returns showed Kasich and Cruz still competing for second place behind Trump. In Mississippi, Cruz ran a distant second. Finishing far behind in both states was Rubio, who was on track to record some of his poorest results of the season and was in danger of not qualifying for a single delegate in either state, nor in Idaho.

Tuesday’s contests come at a critical juncture for the Republican Party. The runaway front-runner only a couple of weeks ago, Trump was forced onto the defensive over the past week by his own missteps and by a barrage of savage attacks from his rivals and opposing super PACs.

But Trump prevailed — and sought to seize the mantle of the party’s presumptive nominee as he claimed victory Tuesday night.

Speaking from his golf club in Jupiter, Fla., Trump delivered an impassioned and colorful defense of his business credentials, his candidacy and his personal brand itself. He vowed to work to reelect fellow Republicans up and down the ballot this fall and argued that his campaign was the only one truly expanding the GOP coalition.

“The turnout has been just massive for every week,” Trump said. “We will take many, many people away from the Democrats.”

“What we’re going to do is beat Hillary Clinton — and we’re going to beat her badly,” he added, referring to the leading Democratic candidate.

With a starkly different fate on Tuesday night was Rubio, who registered embarrassingly low vote totals in Michigan and Mississippi. Late returns showed him running in last place in both states, although he was hopeful of doing better in Idaho and Hawaii, both states where his campaign had made investments.

Rubio, who spent Tuesday campaigning in Florida, where he is under intense pressure to win, sought to brush aside Tuesday night’s results as the returns began rolling in.

“I believe with all my heart that the winner of the Florida primary next Tuesday will be the nominee of the Republican Party,” Rubio told a crowd in Ponte Vedra Beach. He then directly confronted Trump: “It’s not enough to stand up here and say you’re going to make America great again. You deserve to know how.”

Rubio has struggled to recover from a string of poor finishes in recent contests and has been an uneven performer in the two weeks since he went on the offensive against Trump.

In his victory remarks, Trump mocked Rubio for the attacks.

“He became hostile a couple of weeks ago, and it didn’t work,” Trump said. “Hostility works for some people but not for everybody. He would’ve been better off had he kept the original pitter-patter going.”

The scene at Trump’s victory party was surreal, with members of the Trump National Golf Club Jupiter dressed in cocktail attire sipping wine and nibbling from charcuterie boards and fresh fruit.

“What happened to Marco Rubio!? Aww, poor little Marco!” one attendee said after Michigan was called, borrowing one of Trump’s campaign-trail taunts.

Displayed near the candidate’s podium were bottles of Trump-branded wine and Trump-branded water, as well as piles of raw, unpackaged steaks he said were “Trump Steaks,” to push back against detractors who criticized him over those products.

In Michigan, the night’s marquee contest, Kasich was poised to register a relative surprise. The Midwesterner has been largely counted out of the national race, but Kasich campaigned harder across Michigan than any other candidate, holding upbeat town hall meetings throughout the state.

Late returns showed Kasich locked in a close race for second with Cruz, with each receiving about a quarter of the vote. The Ohioan was banking on a strong finish in Michigan to give him a needed jolt heading into his must-win home-state primary next Tuesday.

Addressing supporters Tuesday night in Columbus, Kasich projected victory there in a week.

“Think about where we started,” Kasich said. “In the contest going forward, the three of us that remain — we are in a virtual dead heat.” He was referring to Trump, Cruz and himself — writing off Rubio, whom Kasich’s campaign now sees as a spoiler.

At stake Tuesday were 150 convention delegates, which were to be awarded proportionally based on candidates’ performances by congressional district in each of the four states. Each state has thresholds for receiving delegates; in Michigan, for example, candidates must finish with 15 percent of the vote or better to qualify for delegates.

For Trump, Michigan represented the first test of his electoral strength in the Rust Belt. His populist pitches on trade, economic development and immigration resonated deeply with the working-class voters who flocked to the polls in huge numbers.

Michigan is the kind of Democratic-leaning state — Pennsylvania is another — that Trump and his advisers have argued he could make competitive in a general election.

Trump faced another test in Mississippi, a heavily Republican Bible Belt state where he had long been favored because of his anti-immigration, nativist rhetoric. He held a massive, raucous rally on Monday evening in Madison, Miss.

In both states, early network exit polling reported by CNN showed vast majorities of Republican primary voters were angry or dissatisfied with the federal government.

That data showed that Mississippi primary voters divided sharply along ideological lines between Trump and Cruz, with 46 percent identifying as “very conservative,” the most of any contest this year. Strong conservatives have been Cruz’s best constituency this year, and he led Trump by roughly 10 percentage points in the preliminary data. But Trump led by at least 20 points among Republicans who identify as somewhat conservative or moderate.

Fully 85 percent of the voters in Mississippi’s Republican primary said they were evangelical Christians, the exit polling shows. Cruz has focused on appealing to evangelicals with a socially conservative message, but in Mississippi as elsewhere, Trump appears to have blocked Cruz from gaining an edge. The early data found Trump with a small edge among evangelical Christians and a 2-to-1 lead among non-evangelicals.

Late returns showed Trump winning roughly half of the vote in Mississippi, similar to the landslides he won in Alabama, Georgia and Tennessee last Tuesday. The fact that Trump’s Mississippi margin mirrored his double-digit wins in those states — as opposed to his much narrower, four-point win over Cruz in Louisiana on Saturday — suggested that Trump’s popularity had not slipped among conservatives despite the heavy attacks on him.

Some recent polls nationally and in key states have contained warning signs for Trump, indicating that his refusal to immediately disavow former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke, his debate-stage quip about his manhood, and fresh attacks on his business dealings and character — or a combination of all three — were taking their toll.

Trump is counting on his big wins in Tuesday’s contests, followed by a strong performance in Thursday night’s debate in Miami, to put himself back in full control of the nominating contest before next Tuesday’s primaries in Florida, Illinois, Missouri, North Carolina and Ohio, which could be determinative.

But the GOP establishment has been trying to keep Trump on his heels. Mitt Romney, the party’s 2012 presidential nominee, recorded phone calls sent to Republicans in Michigan and other states voting Tuesday on behalf of Rubio and Kasich. Romney has not endorsed a candidate, but he has become a fierce Trump critic, and in the calls he urged Republicans to vote against Trump.

“I believe these are critical times that demand a serious, thoughtful commander in chief,” Romney says in the calls. “If we Republicans were to choose Donald Trump as our nominee, I believe that the prospects for a safe and prosperous future would be greatly diminished — and I’m convinced Donald Trump would lose to Hillary Clinton. So please vote tomorrow for a candidate who can defeat Hillary Clinton and who can make us proud.”

Tuesday’s biggest prize was Michigan, which awards 59 of the 150 delegates. Although polls showed Trump with a substantial lead, Cruz made a hastily scheduled stopover in Grand Rapids late Monday, hoping to mobilize conservative voters there.

Michigan has relatively few evangelical voters and is hardly tailor-made for Cruz, though there are strong social conservative and libertarian strains in the Republican base. Cruz saw an opportunity to capi­tal­ize on his gains in last weekend’s contests and take advantage of Rubio’s struggles to finish a strong second.

Contending with him for that position was Kasich, who was on the rise in recent days while approaching the Michigan primary like a governor’s race. He campaigned in every corner — including the remote Upper Peninsula — and racked up a bushel of endorsements from local officials.

The exit polls showed more than 6 in 10 Michigan voters made up their minds well before Tuesday, and Trump won them by a nearly 2-to-1 margin. But Kasich was the chief beneficiary of voters who decided in the final week, winning them with 43 percent compared with 25 percent for Cruz and 18 percent for Trump.

Ed O’Keefe in Miami; Jose A. DelReal in Jupiter, Fla.; David Weigel in Columbus, Ohio; and Scott Clement and Juliet Eilperin in Washington contributed to this report.",1
4540,"White House Makes Trade Pitch, With Focus on Moderates","President Barack Obama is ramping up efforts to convince individual House members to grant him fast-track authority to negotiate trade deals, focusing his efforts on a dwindling group of undecided Democratic lawmakers.

But Democrats who have already backed the deal publicly said these members need to be convinced they are not trading away their own political futures for a vote on fast-track. Potentially decisive are moderate, pro-growth members of the New Democrat Coalition. Its vice-chair, Rep. Jim Himes (D., Conn.), spoke as recently as Monday to the president, after fielding calls from the White House during last week’s recess as well.",1
4605,Pence: We Will Accept the Outcome,"Republican vice presidential candidate Mike Pence on Sunday pledged Donald Trump's campaign would accept a ""clear outcome"" to the U.S. presidential election but said both campaigns reserved legal options if there was a disputed result.

""The campaign has made it very clear that a clear outcome, obviously, both sides will accept. But I think both campaigns have also been very clear that in the event of disputed results, they reserve all rights and remedies,"" Pence said in an interview on ""Fox News Sunday.""",1
1963,Foster Friess chides Rand Paul in not-so-private email,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
1959,Poll: Ted Cruz's Support Surges After Campaign Launch | RealClearPolitics,"Being the first Republican to officially declare his campaign for president has given Ted Cruz a boost, according to a new poll.

The Texas senator came in third place among nine presidential contenders with 16 percent support, according to a survey from Public Policy Polling (D). In a similar poll near the end of February, Cruz was near the bottom with just 5 percent support.

The top of the poll was similar to a month ago, with Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker leading the way with 20 percent backing from Republican primary voters. Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush is second with 17 percent and Cruz now close behind.

Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul and neurosurgeon Ben Carson are tied with 10 percent – a significant drop for Carson, who was in second place with 18 percent in the February poll. Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio both had 6 percent support, and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former Texas Gov. Rick Perry rounded out the field with 4 and 3 percent, respectively.

Cruz’s sizable jump in the poll is likely attributable to his March 23 speech at Liberty University, where he officially announced his candidacy for the White House. The first-term senator is well known for his opposition to the Affordable Care Act and leading the effort to shut down the government over the health care law in 2013.

It will be clear in a few weeks whether other candidates see similar jumps after their announcements. Paul is expected to declare his bid next week, and Rubio has an April 13 date booked for an announcement.

Cruz’s quick rise and Carson’s decline follow a pattern similar to what happened during the 2012 Republican primary cycle, according to Public Policy Polling President Dean Debnam.

“A couple of months ago Ben Carson was the hot thing in the field, now Ted Cruz is and Carson’s support is drying up,” Debnam said. “It’s very reminiscent of the boom and bust we saw with various candidates four years ago. And Jeb Bush remaining steady as others rise and fall is also similar to how things went for Mitt Romney went that cycle.”

The poll of 443 Republican primary voters, conducted March 26-31, has a margin of error of plus or minus 4.7 percentage points.",1
836,The new mess Republicans have created for themselves: Clinton’s brutal anti-Trump ad highlights why the GOP can’t plausibly endorse Trump,"The Republican Party has put itself in an impossible position. For months they’ve told us, over and over and over again, how unstable Trump is, how unfit for office he is. They’ve told us he’s a “con artist,” a “clown,” a “bigot.” Now that he’s decimated their party, now that’s he toppled every hackneyed candidate he’s faced, they’re forced to perform an about-face and endorse him as their nominee for president.

It won’t work. And no one will buy it.

Hillary Clinton’s campaign has already done the easy work of compiling the statements made by Republicans about Trump. The result, predictably, is brutal. In less than 90 seconds, we hear – mostly from other Republican presidential candidates – why Trump is a menace who must be stopped. Here’s a few highlights:

“This is an individual who mocked a disable reporter, who attributed a reporter’s question to her menstrual cycle…” – Mitt Romney

“The most vulgar person to ever aspire to the presidency.” – Marco Rubio

“The man who only feels big when he’s trying to make other people feel small” – Carly Fiorina

“The man is utterly amoral…a narcissist at a level I don’t this country has ever seen.” – Ted Cruz

“He’s a race-baiting, xenophobic, religious bigot…This guy is so unfit to be commander-in-chief” – Lindsey Graham

Some party elders will have the dignity to follow their conscience and hold to their convictions. Both George W. Bush and George H.W. Bush, for instance, informed The Hill that they do “not plan to participate in or comment on” the presidential race. Neither Bush attended the previous convention, but the decision not to comment at all is revealing. It says, as clearly as possible, “We can’t support Donald Trump for president.”

Others, like South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley, who accused Trump of cynically exploiting an angsty public during her response to the Obama’s State of the Union address, are already falling into line. “I have great respect for the will of the people,” she told The Charleston Post and Courier, “and as I have always said, I will support the Republican nominee for president.” She quickly added, however, that she’s “not interested in serving as vice president.”

And there will be many Republicans, like Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire and former Florida Gov. Bob Martinez, who know Trump is cartoonishly unqualified but nevertheless support his candidacy. From a New York Times report this morning: “Senator Kelly Ayotte of New New Hampshire, who is in a tough re-election race, signaled that she would ‘support’ Mr. Trump but not ‘endorse’ him, as a spokeswoman put it, a rhetorical contortion that other Republicans repeated privately. Representative Raul R. Labrador of Idaho, a staunch conservative, said he would support Mr. Trump but derided him for ‘not knowing much about the Constitution or politics.’ Former Gov. Bob Martinez of Florida, who retains a strong network of donors, said he would raise money for Mr. Trump but was unsure about his proposals, like temporarily banning foreign Muslims from entering the United States.” This is what happens when politicians put re-election or party over the moral imperative to do right by the country. You can’t say, in good faith, that Trump doesn’t know anything “about the Constitution or politics” but that you support him nonetheless. This is the presidency, after all – it’s rather important that the candidate know such things. Nor is there any room to equivocate about Trump’s proposal to ban all Muslims from entering the country – it’s both wrong and unconstitutional. Republicans let this monster into their house. He’s their problem. They have a responsibility to do what’s right – the stakes are too high to do otherwise. If they choose blind fidelity to the party over their obligation to the country, they’ve lost the right to call themselves public servants.",1
4423,Megyn Kelly interrogates Tom Cotton on Iran letter: “What’s the point in writing to the Iranian mullahs?”,"On Monday, Cotton drafted a letter — signed by 46 other senators — addressed to “leaders of the Islamic Republic of Iran,” warning that any deal reached on the country’s nuclear program could be killed by the next administration “with the stroke of a pen.” The letter generated fierce criticism not only from the Obama administration and congressional Democrats, but also from conservative quarters, including the Wall Street Journal’s editorial board, which Kelly noted called Cotton’s correspondence a “distraction.”

“Well, on the contrary, Megyn, I think that this debate we’re having is incredibly important and helpful to raising just what a bad deal President Obama is about to make with Iran,” Cotton responded. “The last two days, we’ve focused on the terms of the deal, which is: One, President Obama will accept a 10-year sunset clause; and two, he has conceded a vast uranium enrichment capability to Iran that paves the way for Iran to get the bomb, as Prime Minister Netanyahu said last week,” he added, referring to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s inflammatory March 3 address before Congress.

Kelly pressed: “But what’s the point in writing to the Iranian mullahs? What are you gonna do?” She noted that many in the Iranian leadership have dismissed Cotton’s letter, while he has irked the Obama administration and even alienated congressional Democrats skeptical of the nuclear talks. “Megyn, if you talk to most Iran experts, they’ll tell you that Iran’s leaders don’t understand our constitutional system,” Cotton answered. “So we need to be crystal clear with the leaders of Iran: Any deal that’s not approved by Congress won’t be accepted by Congress,” he later said. Kelly continued to emphasize that if Cotton is so keen on congressional review, offending Democrats in Congress may not be the optimal way to go about the matter. For his part, Cotton asserted that he wants Democrats to join his effort, effectively torpedoing diplomacy and reprimanding their president. Good luck with that.",1
788,Why Hillary Clinton wins even when she loses,"We're not with her. That's what Democratic voters in West Virginia said Tuesday night, with Hillary Clinton losing to Bernie Sanders. Although the loss was not unexpected, Clinton's campaign sure seems like one long slog of speeches, handshakes and voter selfies on the way toward the 2016 convention in Philadelphia.

This extended campaign, however, is actually the best thing that could have happened to Clinton. She has benefited enormously from the presence of Sanders. Now Team Clinton must build on lessons learned from the primaries as they prepare to run against Donald Trump in the general election.

Then look at Clinton these days, speaking out about income inequality, campaign finance reform, and the evils of the big banks on Wall Street. Hmm, where could those winning themes have come from? From Bernie, thank you, who proved that progressive voters are tired of not having a voice in national politics. His success pushed Clinton to the left, and she is a better candidate for it.

Despite Clinton's experience as first lady, senator, and secretary of state, there is an understandable tendency of many Democratic voters to be wary of anything resembling a Clinton ""coronation.""",1
2635,"Cleveland, DOJ announce changes in police force","The city of Cleveland and Department of Justice announced Tuesday how they are moving forward on agreed changes to the city's police force.

The consent decree is the next step after the city agreed to changes last year following a scathing report from DOJ investigators regarding patterns of civil rights violations and excessive force by the Cleveland police . It will mean years of court-supervised monitoring of the Cleveland Police Department.

In a 105-page report , Justice and city leaders unveiled reforms that included commitments to ""bias-free policing"" , new crisis-intervention efforts and changes to officer recruitment and discipline. The leaders called on the city to buy into the changes and embrace what they billed as a transformation in the city's policing.

""I am issuing a call of action to our entire community to support this hard work together,"" said U.S. Attorney Steven M. Dettelbach. ""The people who may criticize the police are not the enemy -- they are part of the community.""

When then-Attorney General Eric Holder announced the findings in December, the city's mayor and police chief said they were in agreement that recommended changes had to be implemented. The agreement required the city to create a reform plan.",1
3686,Police: Bryce Williams kills self after on-air slayings,"(CNN) After he shot two journalists on live TV and before he shot himself, Bryce Williams sent a message: ""I've been a human powder keg for a while....just waiting to go BOOM.""

Those were the words the gunman wrote in a chilling fax to ABC News, according to the network. The document purportedly from the Virginia shooter came after he gunned down WDBJ-TV journalists Alison Parker and Adam Ward , spurring a manhunt that ended when he turned a gun on himself as troopers closed in.

The shooter -- a former reporter for the Roanoke station -- is dead, but the investigation into Wednesday's attack is far from over. Authorities say the fax to ABC, the gunman's other attempts to reach out to the media and his social media posts just after opening fire could be key pieces of evidence as they try to pinpoint what led to the deadly shooting.

Franklin County Sheriff Bill Overton said authorities weren't sure about the gunman's motive, but are looking at his past employment at WDBJ as well other evidence, including the fax he allegedly sent to ABC News in New York.

""Many of you have gotten a lot of the correspondence, emails that had been sent out. It's obvious that ... this gentleman was disturbed in some way of the way things had transpired,"" and that ""at some point in his life, things spiraled out of control,"" Overton said.

In the message, according to ABC, the gunman said the Charleston, South Carolina, church shooting in June is what put him over the edge, but he wrote that his ""anger has been building steadily"" because of racial discrimination and sexual harassment he claims to have endured.

The writer expressed admiration for the shooters who massacred students at Columbine High School and Virginia Tech. And he said he put a deposit down for a gun two days after the Charleston shooting.

""As for Dylann Roof? You (deleted)! You want a race war (deleted)? BRING IT THEN YOU WHITE (deleted)!!!"" the document reportedly said.

During a live broadcast from near Moneta, at about 6:45 a.m., TV viewers saw the camera fall to the ground and caught the briefest glimpse of a man who appeared to point a gun toward the downed cameraman.

The station cut away to a shocked anchor back in the studio.

And the TV station's camera wasn't the only one rolling.

Two videos posted on a Twitter account under the name Bryce Williams show someone walking up to the WDBJ news crew and pointing a gun at them.

Another tweet said, ""I filmed the shooting."" The Facebook and Twitter account were suspended shortly after the tweets.

Video shows the gunman approaching Parker, a WDBJ reporter, and photographer Ward as Parker conducted a routine interview for a local story.

Ward's back is to the gunman. Parker is in profile, and the interviewee is facing the gunman. The shooter appears to take his time aiming the gun, presenting it and then withdrawing it, before composing the angle of his video. He opens fire on Parker first. Both Parker and the interview subject scream.

Police are not sure how the gunman knew Parker and Ward were reporting from Bridgewater Plaza, Overton said.

Authorities tracked the shooter's cell phone to locate him, according to federal officials and the Augusta County Sheriff's Department.

Just before 11:30 a.m., Virginia State Police saw the car they believed Williams was driving headed east on Interstate 66. With emergency lights activated, a trooper tried to pull him over, police said.

The driver refused to stop and sped away before running off the road and crashing into an embankment around mile marker 17.1 in Fauquier County, more than 170 miles away from the site of the shooting.

Troopers found the driver inside with a self-inflicted gunshot wound, Virginia State Police Sgt. F.L. Tyler told reporters. He was transported to a hospital and pronounced dead Wednesday afternoon, Tyler said.

Williams was a reporter at WDBJ for about a year, according to a former employee of the station. He was fired from that job, though the reason was not made public, the ex-employee said.

""Two years ago, we had to separate him from the company. We did understand that he was still living in the area,"" WDBJ General Manager Jeff Marks said.

(Williams) had a level of a long series of complaints against co-workers nearly from the beginning of employment at the TV station,"" said Dennison, who is now spokesman for the Hawaii Department of Land and Natural Resources.

""That really had nothing to do with his termination, and after a lot of investigation both internally and externally, all of these allegations were deemed to be unfounded. And they were largely under, along racial lines, and we did a thorough investigation and could find no evidence that anyone had racially discriminated against this man,"" he said.

Marks, the station's current general manager, said he'd heard Williams had leveled accusations in the past, but he noted that he and Parker hadn't worked at the station at the same time.

""I don't think (reporter) Alison (Parker) and that individual even overlapped here,"" he said.

According to tweets from the Bryce Williams account, Alison had ""made racist comments,"" while ""Adam went to hr on me after working with me one time!!!"" There was no elaboration, and CNN was unable to immediately confirm whether either claim was true.

Court documents indicate Williams crossed paths with Ward on the day he was fired.

Ward filmed the former reporter's angry outburst as police tried to get him to leave the station's building, according to the documents, which are part of a lawsuit Flanagan filed against the TV station.

That day, Williams also handed his manager a small wooden cross, and said ""You'll need this,"" before being escorted out of the building by police.

The court documents outline months of disciplinary action against Williams. In addition to describing multiple meetings about his anger and behavior, they show that station management told him to seek counseling.

The woman Parker was interviewing was injured in the shooting.

Gardner is recovering from emergency surgery and is in stable condition, according to Carilion Franklin Memorial Hospital in Rocky Mount.

The gunman was believed to have fired six or seven times, Marks said.

Ward's fiancée was in the control room and saw the shooting, Marks told CNN.

""Our hearts are broken,"" Marks said. ""We have people walking around here in tears, lots of hugs.""

Ward joined WDBJ in 2011 after graduating from Virginia Tech with a degree in communication and media studies, according to his Facebook page. He began attending the university in 2007, a few months after a gunman went on a deadly rampage, leaving 32 people dead.

Another journalist at the anchor's desk said Ward was engaged to be married to morning show producer at WDBJ, Melissa Ott, and Ward recently told her, ""I'm going to get out of news. I think I'm going to do something else.""

Parker was the morning reporter for the Roanoke station and a native of Virginia, having spent most of her life outside Martinsville.

She joined WDBJ last year after completing a summer internship as a news reporter in 2012.

""Today we received news that no family should ever hear. Our vivacious, ambitious, smart, engaging, hilarious, beautiful, and immensely talented Alison (was) taken from the world. This is senseless and our family is crushed,"" Parker's family said in a statement.

Chris Hurst, a reporter for the station, described himself as ""numb."" He tweeted that he and Parker ""were very much in love"" and had just moved in together after dating nine months, ""the best nine months of our lives. We wanted to get married. We just celebrated her 24th birthday.""

A local pastor, ""a friend of the newsroom,"" is at the station, consoling Parker's and Ward's co-workers, Marks said.

""You know, you send people into war zones, you send people into dangerous situations and into riots, and you worry that they are going to get hurt.,"" Marks told CNN. ""You send somebody out to do a story on tourism and -- how can you expect something like this to happen?""",1
2711,The Insiders: CNBC has probably changed GOP presidential campaign debates forever,"Predictions are dangerous things. That said, here’s a prediction for you: John Harwood will never again participate in a GOP debate. Republicans are beyond angry about the conduct of the CNBC moderators — Harwood, Carl Quintanilla and Becky Quick — during Wednesday night’s primary debate. Actually, more than one Republican asked me before the debate what I thought of Harwood as a moderator. I’ve known John for forever and I admit to breaking out in a mild cold sweat whenever I was told he was holding on the phone. But I thought of him as a mostly fair-minded, smart reporter, even if I’ve also always thought of him as “one of them” as far as Republican thinking goes. Generally, I don’t think there is anything wrong with having an adversarial group of moderators ask good questions. But the moderators’ approach to this debate was beyond properly adversarial and was probably a game-changer in more ways than one. After every election, the parties tweak the debate process and change the rules to one degree or another. You can bet the old paradigm of turning over management of the debates to a specific media organization — especially one with a reputation for an anti-Republican bias — is going to end.

Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.), who had a breakthrough moment in the debate railing against the moderators’ insulting questions, did a follow-up interview with Fox News anchor Bret Baier and reiterated a pretty good suggestion about the debate structure. Cruz asked why the Republican National Committee doesn’t plan at least one debate with Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity and Mark Levin as moderators. Well, that’s not a bad idea. It’s easy to suggest that the moderators should be at least neutral so they don’t simply offer up a series of softball questions that don’t challenge the candidates or put them outside of their comfort zones. But the words “Rush Limbaugh” and “softball questions” have never been used in the same sentence. I don’t think this group of Republican candidates would ever feel coddled by Limbaugh, Hannity and Levin. That trio would all ask tough questions that are of real interest to Republican voters. And I think it would be a ratings juggernaut.  Anyway, Cruz is right — the moderators in the Democratic primary debate praised the candidates and avoided creating too much fighting or tension among the candidates. There’s a big difference between a moderator asking probing questions that Republican voters want to know the answers to and taking pot shots and making belittling points under the guise of asking a question.

After all, this is the Republican primary contest and we have a big field of talented candidates. There’s nothing wrong with asking questions that are central to Republican concerns and sensibilities. The primaries should be all about Republicans asking other Republicans questions. The debacle of the CNBC debate was probably the last gasp of the grandstanding liberal media as far as the GOP’s managers are concerned. The media will no longer be allowed to conduct debates the way they think their like-minded colleagues in the media want a Republican debate to be conducted. Or in this case, the way they think their like-minded colleagues in the media want the Republican primary process to be belittled, disrupted and generally diminished.

That being said, the GOP shouldn’t overdo it in crying foul about the debate. We don’t need a Warren Commission and we don’t need to get bogged down and look like a bunch of whiners. Republicans should not be distracted by the process. We are complaining that the debate wasn’t about the issues, so let’s have our say but then move on and start discussing the issues that Republican voters care about.",1
525,Obama budget would fund public works program with tax on overseas profits,"President Obama unveiled a $4 trillion budget Monday, featuring an ambitious public works program, a one-time tax on foreign profits kept overseas by corporations, tax credits for middle-class Americans, and a 1.3 percent pay raise for federal employees and troops.

The massive document is a blueprint for what Obama has been calling “middle-class economics,” but congressional Republicans are likely to view it merely as the president’s opening bid in a contentious process designed to forge a tax and spending plan for the new fiscal year.

The document will become, if not law, another defining moment for the president as he tries to carve out priorities for his remaining two years in office. Administration officials have tried to map out potential political trade-offs by offering elements such as a corporate tax revision that could appeal to Republicans, while asking for more spending on infrastructure.

But the president is also seeking to fund his proposals by raising taxes on the richest Americans, an approach that has immediately drawn Republican opposition.

House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), appearing on television Sunday, rejected many of Obama’s ideas for raising taxes on the wealthy as “envy economics.”

The president’s budget features a six-year, $478 billion public works program for upgrading the nation’s infrastructure, including roads, railroads and ports.

The package is bigger and stretched over more years than Obama’s earlier unsuccessful requests for infrastructure money.

The administration is proposing to pay for the ambitious program in part with revenue from a one-time mandatory 14 percent tax on about $2 trillion in profits that corporations have been keeping overseas in order to avoid corporate income taxes here. The tax would be a sizable hit on multinationals and a way of discouraging them from parking money in foreign countries.

The administration also is seeking to lower the corporate federal income-tax rate to 28 percent from 35 percent by closing loopholes.

And the president wants to raise pay for federal workers and troops by 1.3 percent, which would be more than the 1 percent pay bump given to them the past two fiscal years.

The administration is also seeking a 6 percent increase in research and development spending, a “substantial investment” in early education, boosts in efforts on cyber-security, and resources to fight the Islamic State and other foreign threats.

The Office of Management and Budget said the president’s plan would produce a $474 billion deficit, or 2.5 percent of the gross domestic product, which is little changed from the current fiscal year but in line with deficits as a share of the economy over the past half-century.

The budget requests exceed the spending caps established in 2010 by $74 billion spread evenly between military and non-military discretionary spending, and while the administration is proposing offsets, it also argued strongly for the elimination of the limits that trigger wide cuts known as sequestration. “We’ve seen bipartisan agreement that the sequestration is mindless and is not the right approach for our country,” said a senior administration official.

The OMB also forecasts that over the next decade, nearly $6 trillion will be added to the national debt, but that would represent a small decline as a share of the economy at 73.3 percent in 2025, said a congressional aide familiar with the plan who was not authorized to speak about it publicly. That forecast includes $1.8 trillion in deficit-reduction measures, said another person familiar with the plan.

The administration said it “achieves these goals by replacing mindless austerity with smart reforms, paying for all new investments” and seeking new savings.

That isn’t likely to appease Republicans, however, who are expected to quickly dismiss Obama’s budget request and start drafting their own blueprint that would seek to eliminate deficits entirely over the next 10 years and tackle the biggest drivers of government spending: Social Security and federal health programs.

Although the president has previewed his tax and spending priorities over the past two weeks, the budget provides important — and controversial — details.

“This is a budget that fleshes out the president’s State of the Union address and puts meat on the bones of his middle-class economics agenda,” said Rep. Chris Van Hollen (Md.), the ranking Democrat on the House Budget Committee. “It makes important strategic investmens to sharpen our competitive edge, including investments in infrastructure, science research and education — things that have helped power the American economy in the past — and we risk falling behind if we don’t make those investments going forward.”

Van Hollen added that the administration is proposing tax changes — including an increase in the capital gains tax and expanded tax credits for families with children — “designed to address what is currently a tilt in the tax code in favor of those who make money off of money and against those who make money off of hard work.”

According to a Tax Policy Center paper, if all of the major individual income tax provisions were fully phased in, the president’s package would raise taxes by an average of $164 per household in 2016. But winners would outnumber losers by more than 7 to 1, with the tax increases concentrated among the richest 1 percent of households.

The vast majority of households in the bottom four quintiles would pay lower taxes — or receive larger refunds — as a result of the policy proposals. Those in the lowest quintile would by far save the most.

“My job is to present the right ideas,” Obama told NBC News in a pre-Super Bowl interview broadcast from the White House. “If the Republicans think they’ve got a better idea, they should present them. But my job is not to trim my sails and not tell the American people what we should be doing, pretending somehow that we don’t need better roads or more affordable college.”

The president will also propose approximately $1.8 trillion in deficit-reducing measures over a 10-year period. Those measures, which resemble past proposals, would include about $160 billion in higher income and Social Security taxes resulting from immigration reform, $400 billion in health care savings. and $640 billion from taxes raised mostly by eliminating deductions without raising rates. Additional savings would come from lower interest costs on the federal debt.

One item that will still be in the printed version of the budget: a tax on withdrawals from 529 accounts designed to promote parents’ savings for college tuition. After that proposal was recently greeted with a backlash, the administration retreated from the idea, but it was too late to change the printed budget.

Obama administration officials have been trying to link various tax and spending changes to build support among members of Congress who might favor only one part of those pairings.

Treasury Secretary Jack Lew recently said that the windfall resulting from taxing foreign profits accumulated by corporations should go to funding the infrastructure program. The administration also paired increases in capital gains taxes and a new fee on the liabilities of big banks and insurance companies with proposals to expand middle-class tax credits and free community-college education. And the administration has also said that it wants to break through spending caps for discretionary spending by equal amounts for military and non-military programs.

But making those trade-offs will prove more difficult in Congress than on paper.

For example, the tax on foreign profits, regardless of whether they are brought back to the United States, is likely to face strong headwinds in Congress. Obama’s plan would impose an immediate tax of up to $280 billion on U.S.-based multinationals at a time when many lawmakers are worried about pushing companies to move their headquarters overseas.

The 14 percent tax would “transition” to a long-term 19 percent rate, senior administration officials said.

As previously announced, the budget will include an increase in the top capital gains tax rate to 28 percent, which would fall primarily on the richest 1 percent of Americans.

“What I think the president is trying to do here is to, again, exploit envy economics. This top-down redistribution doesn’t work,” Ryan said on NBC’s “Meet the Press.” “It may make for good politics; it doesn’t make for good economic growth.”

For example, Ryan called Obama’s plan to expand the amount of inherited wealth subject to the capital gains tax “a bad idea” that would make it “really hard for a family to pass on a family business to the next generation.”

Still, Ryan embraced some of Obama’s proposals for cutting taxes, especially for the struggling middle class. Ryan has long endorsed expanding the earned-income tax credit to childless adults, for example, saying it “pulls people into the workforce.”

“We really believe that we should reform the entire tax code for all people — individuals, families, businesses, simpler, the whole thing. But it is pretty clear to us that the president doesn’t agree with that on individuals,” Ryan said. “So the question is — which I don’t know the answer to — is there common ground on aspects of tax reform that we think can help grow the economy? . . . We’ll find out.”

Lori Montgomery and Juliet Eilperin contributed to this report.",1
3706,"From victims’ families, forgiveness for accused Charleston gunman Dylann Roof","President Obama challenged the nation Friday to confront the “terrible toll of gun violence” a day after a white man opened fire in a historic black church, killing nine people whose mourning relatives addressed the alleged killer for the first time with a message of despair and forgiveness.

In an emotional courtroom encounter here, a mother and daughter, a sister and grandson, among others, spoke directly to Dylann Roof, the 21-year-old charged Friday with nine counts of murder. He appeared for the bond hearing from jail through closed-circuit television.

As Roof’s face filled much of the screen — his eyes lowered, two guards in body armor flanking him from behind — surviving relatives told Roof his crime had devastated their families. But some said they forgave him, and, recalling the spirit of the venue where he staged his attack, pledged to pray for his soul.

“We welcomed you Wednesday night in our Bible study with welcome arms,” Felicia Sanders, whose son Tywanza Sanders was allegedly killed by Roof. Police say Roof spent an hour among the parishioners Wednesday evening before opening fire.

“Tywanza Sanders was my son. But Tywanza Sanders was my hero. Tywanza was my hero,’’ she said, her voice trembling. “May God have mercy on you.”

Thousands of miles away, addressing the U.S. Conference of Mayors in San Francisco, Obama spoke angrily about Charleston, which joins a grim roll call of cities such as Newtown, Conn., Aurora, Colo., and Oak Creek, Wis., where mass shootings have occurred during his time in office.

His frustration was directed primarily at Congress, which failed to pass a set of publicly popular gun control bills that he pushed after the December 2012 elementary school shootings in Newtown, where 20 children and six others were killed.

“We don’t know if it would have prevented what happened in Charleston,” Obama said. “But we might still have some more Americans with us. We might have stopped one shooter. Some families might still be whole. You all might have to attend fewer funerals.

“And we should be strong enough to acknowledge this,” he said.

The force of his words signaled a shift from his comments at the White House a day earlier. Then, he expressed a sense of resignation that any gun control measures, while needed to prevent another mass shooting, would likely happen “at some point” after he left office.

“I’m not resigned. I have faith we will eventually do the right thing,” Obama said Friday without offering specific policy proposals of his own. “You don’t see murder on this kind of scale, this kind of frequency in any other advanced nation on earth.”

The attack inside the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church has left Charleston in mourning and a nation, from the president to parishioners here, struggling to understand and explain the aftermath.

The shooting was the deadliest attack on a place of worship in the United States since 1991, when nine people were killed at the Wat Promkunaram temple near Phoenix.

Authorities announced Friday that Roof had been charged with nine counts of murder and possession of a weapon during the commission of a violent crime.

His attorney has not commented, though his family issued a statement Friday extending sympathies to the victims and asking for privacy.

“Words cannot express our shock, grief and disbelief as to what happened that night,’’ the statement said.

More evidence also emerged that Roof, a high school dropout with a criminal record that began this year, may have been motivated by racial hatred. Law enforcement officials said he had confessed, and that during the confession, expressed strong anti-black views. Officials characterized him as unrepentant and unashamed.

Roof told officers that he wanted word of his actions to spread, said the officials, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing.

Yet Roof also acknowledged to authorities that he had briefly reconsidered his plan during the time he spent watching the Bible study group after entering the church, two people briefed on the investigation said.

Roof said he “almost didn’t go through with it because they were so nice to him,” one of the people said, before he concluded that “I had to complete my mission.”

As he methodically fired and reloaded several times, the person said, Roof called out: “You all are taking over our country. Y’all want something to pray about? I’ll give you something to pray about.”

An affidavit filed by Charleston police detective Richard Burckhardt said the time that Roof spent with parishioners before opening fire amounted to about an hour.

The document does not state what, if anything, occurred in the moments before the shooting. But it says all victims were hit multiple times.

Before leaving the church, the affidavit states, Roof stood over someone “and uttered a racially inflammatory statement to the witness.”

South Carolina’s governor on Friday urged prosecutors to seek the death penalty for the shootings. “We will absolutely want him to have the death penalty,” Gov. Nikki Haley told NBC’s “Today” show.

But prosecutors said the decision about whether to seek execution had not yet been made. The prosecutor pursuing the case, Scarlett A. Wilson, said at news conference that she will make the decision after speaking to relatives of the victims.

“They deserve to know the facts first. They deserve to be involved in any conversations regarding the death penalty,” Wilson said.

Meanwhile, a federal civil rights investigation into the attacks was also underway, which authorities said will be conducted along with the state probe. Federal officials have described it as a hate crime investigation.

When Roof was arrested — about 250 miles from Charleston in neighboring North Carolina — he had a Glock .45-caliber semiautomatic handgun that law enforcement officials said he obtained in April, either receiving it as a birthday gift or buying it himself with birthday money. The gun was purchased legally, officials said.

At Roof’s bond hearing, Nadine Collier, the daughter of 70-year-old shooting victim Ethel Lance, was among those who addressed him.

“I forgive you,” Collier said, her voice breaking. “You took something very precious from me. I will never talk to her again. I will never, ever hold her again. But I forgive you. And have mercy on your soul.”

Roof is being held on a $1 million bond.

Horwitz and Markon reported from Washington. Anne Gearan in Charleston; Ken Otterbourg in Shelby; and Brian Murphy, J. Freedom du Lac, Mark Berman, Thad Moore and Julie Tate in Washington contributed to this report.",1
3190,Will the GOP Mount a Third-Party Challenge to Trump?,"Donald Trump may have eased some Republican fears Tuesday night when he declared his intention to stay inside the party. But if their angst has been temporarily eased at the prospect of what he would do if he loses, they still face a far more troubling, and increasingly plausible, question.

What happens to the party if he wins?

With Trump as its standard-bearer, the GOP would suddenly be asked to rally around a candidate who has been called by his once and former primary foes “a cancer on conservatism,” “unhinged,” “a drunk driver … helping the enemy.” A prominent conservative national security expert, Max Boot, has flatly labeled him “a fascist.” And the rhetoric is even stronger in private conversations I’ve had recently with Republicans of moderate and conservative stripes.

This is not the usual rhetoric of intraparty battles, the kind of thing that gets resolved in handshakes under the convention banners. These are stake-in-the-ground positions, strongly suggesting that a Trump nomination would create a fissure within the party as deep and indivisible as any in American political history, driven both by ideology and by questions of personal character.

Indeed, it would be a fissure so deep that, if the operatives I talked with are right, Trump running as a Republican could well face a third-party run—from the Republicans themselves.

That threat, in turn, would leave Republican candidates, contributors and foot soldiers with painful choices. A look at the political landscape, the election rules and the history of intraparty insurgencies suggests that it could turn 2016, a year that offered Republicans a reasonable chance to win the White House and with it total control of the national political apparatus, into a disaster.

With Trump as the nominee, the Republican Party would face a threat to unity on several fronts. His victory would represent a triumph of an insurgent movement, or impulse, within the party. Historically speaking, this is exactly the kind of intraparty victory that guarantees political civil war.

The most striking examples of party fissure in American politics have come when a party broke with a long pattern of accommodating different factions and moved decisively toward one side. It has happened with the Democrats twice, both over civil rights. The party had long embraced the cause of civil rights in the North while welcoming segregationists—and white supremacists—from across the South. In 1948, the party’s embrace of a stronger civil rights plank led Southern delegations to walk out of the convention. That year, South Carolina Governor Strom Thurmond led a National States Rights Democratic Party—the “Dixiecrats”—that won four Southern states. Had President Harry Truman not (barely) defeated Tom Dewey in Ohio and California, the Electoral College would have been deadlocked—and the choice thrown into the House of Representatives, with Southern segregationists holding the balance of power. Twenty years later, Alabama Governor George Wallace led a similar anti-civil-rights third party movement that won five Southern states. A relatively small shift of voters in California would have deadlocked that election and thrown it to the House of Representatives.

In two other cases, a dramatic shift in intraparty power led to significant defections on the losing side. In 1964, when Republican conservatives succeeded in nominating a divisive champion of their cause in Barry Goldwater, liberal Republicans (there were such things back then) like New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller, Michigan Governor George Romney and others refused to endorse the nominee. More shockingly, the New York Herald-Tribune, the semi-official voice of the GOP establishment, endorsed Lyndon Johnson—the first Democrat it had supported, ever. With his party split, Goldwater went down in flames. Eight years later, when a deeply divided Democratic Party nominated anti-war hero George McGovern, George Meany led the AFL-CIO to a position of neutrality between McGovern and Richard Nixon—the first time labor had refused to back a Democrat for president. Prominent Democrats like former Texas Governor John Connally openly backed Nixon, while countless others, disempowered by the emergence of “new Democrats,” simply sat on their hands. The divided Democrats lost in a landslide.

Would a Trump nomination be another example of such a power shift? Yes, although not a shift in an ideological sense. It would represent a more radical kind of shift, with power moving from party officials and office-holders to deeply alienated voters and to their media tribunes. (Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, Mark Levin, Ann Coulter and Laura Ingraham have not exactly endorsed Trump, but they have been vocal in defending him and in assailing those who have branded Trump unacceptable.) It would undermine the thesis of a highly influential book, “The Party Decides,” which argues that the preferences of party insiders is still critical to the outcome of a nomination contest. This possibility, in turn, has provoked strong feelings about Trump from some “old school” Republicans. Says one self-described “structural, sycophantic Republican” who has been involved at high levels of GOP campaigns for decades: “Hillary would be bad for the country—he’d be worse.”

A battle over ideology or influence, however, explains only one kind of defection from party ranks. The other—one that would hold particular peril for Trump-as-Republican-nominee—arises from a belief that a chosen candidate is simply unfit, by character or temperament, to hold office. And on at least one occasion, a prominent politician sacrificed his electoral chances out of that belief.

In 1986, former Senator Adlai Stevenson III had every reason to believe he would be following his father's footsteps into the Illinois governor’s mansion. Four years earlier, the Democrat had lost a race for that office by fewer than 5,000 highly disputed votes. But in 1986, his easy primary win in March was overshadowed by what happened elsewhere on the ballot: Two followers of Lyndon LaRouche, a cultish, conspiracy-minded demagogue, won the Democratic nominations for lieutenant governor and secretary of state. Stevenson was so horrified by the thought of placing LaRouche’s acolytes in positions of political power that he bolted the party line, running instead as an independent. He lost decisively. (Sen. Alan Dixon, who remained on the Democratic line, easily won reelection.)

Republicans faced a similar issue in 1991, when former Klansman David Duke made it into the gubernatorial runoff in Louisiana. While he proclaimed himself a Republican, he was roundly rejected by the party at every level—the outgoing GOP governor endorsed former Governor Edwin Edwards—and Duke lost overwhelmingly to Edwards. (It’s a campaign best remembered for the bumper sticker touting the ethically challenged Edwards: “Vote for the crook—it’s important.”)

It’s this example that perhaps offers the best parallel to what Trump would face as the nominee. If you want to see the most sulfurous assaults on Trump, don’t look to the editorial pages of the New York Times or the comments of MSNBC personalities; look instead to the most prominent media voices in the conservative world: National Review, The Weekly Standard, Commentary and the columns of George Will and others. In part, they deplore his deviations from the conservative canon; deviations that former Reagan aide and onetime FCC Chairman Dennis Patrick summarizes this way: “Many of my colleagues from the Reagan administration would have a hard time pulling the lever for Trump. We weren’t just Republicans, we were conservatives. It is very difficult to square any principled theory of conservative governance with much of what Trump says.""

But it’s more, much more than policy that has stirred the ire on the right: It’s the vulgarity, the fusion of ignorance and arrogance, the narcissism, the dissembling on matters great and small. The composite portrait of Trump painted by these outlets—leavened only by a grudging acknowledgment that he’s touched on legitimate concerns about immigration and terror—makes the idea of handing over the nuclear codes to Trump unsettling. And it makes the idea of embracing him as the alternative to Hillary Clinton somewhere between a reach and a lunge.

What a Trump nomination represents, then, is a victory that leaves significant slices of the party unwilling or unable to accept the outcome. Whether he’s seen as an ideological heretic for his views on trade, taxes and government power or as a demagogue whose clownish bluster and casual bigotry make him temperamentally unfit for office, the odds on massive defections are very high.

But what kind of defections? Based on the folks I’ve talked with, it could take different forms. One is a simple, quiet step away from any work on behalf of the top of the ticket. That’s what the self-described “structural, sycophantic Republican”—will do. While he fervently hopes Trump will meet the fate of past front-runners like [Rudy] Giuliani and [Newt] Gingrich, he says that in the event of Trump’s victory, “I would put all my heart, soul and energy into saving the Senate. I’d work to turn out votes so that [Kelly] Ayotte and [Pat] Toomey and [Ron] Johnson survive. In the end, every Republican, every conservative, knows what a disaster it would be to have Clinton as president. So the key is to make sure the checks and balances were in place.”

Others, however, can envision much more radical outcomes. Dan Schnur spent a lifetime in the vineyards of the Republican Party, working in the Reagan and Bush presidential campaigns and serving as communications director for the California Republican Party. He’s now an independent and heads the Unruh Institute of Politics at USC. He argues “a Trump nomination would virtually guarantee a third-party campaign from a more traditional Republican candidate.”

Why a Republican? The short answer is to save the party over the long term. “It's impossible to conceive that Republican leaders would simply forfeit their party to him,” he says. “Even without the formal party apparatus, they'd need to fly their flag behind an alternative, if only to keep the GOP brand somewhat viable for the future. Otherwise, it would be toxic for a long, long time.”

Romney strategist Stu Stevens, who still believes Trump will fade—indeed, that “he will not win a single primary”—nonetheless agrees that a Trump nomination would trigger a “very strong third-party effort.” And Rob Stutzman, another veteran of California Republican politics—he helped spearhead the 2003 recall that put Arnold Schwarzenegger in the Governor’s Mansion—foresees a third party emerging, both as a safe harbor for disaffected GOP voters and to help other Republican candidates.

“I think a third candidate would be very likely on many state ballots,” he says. “First of all, I think most GOP voters would want an alternative to vote for out of conscience. But Trump would also be devastating to the party and other GOP candidates. A solid conservative third candidate would give options to senators like Ayotte, Johnson and [Mark] Kirk to run with someone else and still be opposed to Hillary. In fact, I think it’s plausible such a candidate could beat Trump in many states.”

Any candidate attempting a third-party bid would confront serious obstacles, such as getting on state ballots late in the election calendar. As for down-ballot campaigns, most state laws prohibit candidates from running on multiple lines; so a Senate or congressional candidate who wanted to avoid association with Trump would have to abandon the GOP line to re-run with an independent presidential contender. The Stevenson example shows that leaving a major party line is fraught with peril—although the write-in triumph of Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski in 2010 suggests that it can sometimes succeed.

The very fact that serious political thinkers are contemplating such a possibility demonstrates that when Republicans look at the perils posed by a third-party bid from Donald Trump, they may be looking in the wrong direction. It’s not Trump the Defector that could trigger the biggest threat to the party, but Trump the Nominee.",1
4257,Here’s How Michael Bloomberg Becomes President,"Impossible, you say? In this crazy year, what’s impossible? Against Trump and Sanders, Bloomberg could win. Here’s how.

Bloomberg decided to run back in March of 2016 only when he saw that Trump and Sanders were on track to be nominated by the Republicans and Democrats. He viewed both as dangerous men who would wreck the country. And Bloomberg saw a path. He thought voters would eventually see that he had been a highly successful mayor of a city larger than all but a handful of states and was far more fit for high office than either of them. He would run as an unprecedented blend of insider and outsider—representing elites but smashing the two-party status quo that voters despised.

The journey began in mid-winter. After Trump plastered the field in New Hampshire on Feb. 9 and won by double digits on Feb. 20 in South Carolina, Republicans proved powerless to resist his hostile takeover of their party. With his opposition divided, Trump edged Ted Cruz in home state Texas on March 1, and then, on March 15, Marco Rubio in home state Florida and John Kasich in Ohio, all but eliminating all three. By then the die was cast on the Republican side, though Americans and millions watching around the world still had to slap themselves to prove they weren’t dreaming.

Democrats suddenly had to do the same in their party. Sanders won 60 percent of the vote in the New Hampshire primary, romping not just with young liberals but even older moderate women who were supposed to be Hillary’s base. Clinton prevailed in the Nevada caucuses by five points on Feb. 20, but Sanders showed surprising strength outside his base with Latino voters. When Hillary won by a much smaller margin than expected in South Carolina on Feb. 27, it showed that Bernie would also avoid being overwhelmed by pro-Hillary African-American voters in the big industrial states.

After Nevada and South Carolina, party leaders breathed a sigh of relief thinking Hillary was home safe, but that’s always the moment with the Clintons when new voter doubts about them set in. Hillary is best when she’s in trouble and worst when sitting on a lead. She underperformed badly on Super Tuesday, losing Massachusetts by a big margin (she had trailed there in the polls for weeks) and, shockingly, Texas, where the state’s longstanding populist tradition returned with a vengeance. On March 8, Sanders carried Michigan, which had gone for Jesse Jackson in 1988. That gave him momentum the following week to come close in Hillary’s home state of Illinois and to carry Ohio, where he reminded Democrats of their populist senator, Sherrod Brown, though Brown supported Hillary.

Bloomberg easily won all three of the fall debates. He was far more knowledgeable than Trump, who continued his pattern of not preparing on issues. When Trump predictably tried to belittle Bloomberg, he failed badly. Bloomberg was no “loser” in the only way Trump ever kept score. And the fear arguments fell flat with a mayor who had rebuilt New York after the 9/11 attacks. Meanwhile, Bloomberg schooled Sanders on how to create jobs and make the economy grow, eviscerating his plans as unaffordable and leading to tax increases on the middle class.",1
47,Jeb Bush says he is making campaign 'adjustment',"CHARLESTON, S.C. — Jeb Bush says he's not reducing his presidential campaign, he is simply refocusing it with an eye toward the early caucus and primary states.

""We've made an adjustment in our campaign,"" Bush said Saturday before conducting a town hall in the pivotal state of South Carolina. ""That's what leaders do.""

Stumping the Palmetto State a day after his campaign announced staff reductions and pay cuts, Bush dismissed critics who said the changes reflect a struggling campaign that is losing ground to any number of rivals.

""Blah, blah, blah,"" Bush said. ""That's my answer — blah, blah, blah.""

The cuts came after a slide in polls that now show the former Florida governor well behind Donald Trump, Ben Carson and other Republican candidates, creating some unrest among Bush donors.

In response, Bush cited a number of candidates who have held early leads in Republican contests and then faded, a list that ranges from Herman Cain to Rudy Giuliani. John McCain, meanwhile, rallied from internal campaign troubles to win the 2008 Republican presidential nomination.

""October is not when you elect people,"" Bush said before hosting a town hall at a Catholic high school in Charleston. ""It's February, and then you move into March.""

Bush said his efforts now focus on four contests in February: The Iowa caucuses, the New Hampshire primary, the South Carolina primary and the Nevada caucuses. He said he is also taking aim at a March 1 group of primaries, including key southern states like Georgia and Texas.

""We have a campaign that is designed to win,"" Bush said. ""And I'm going to win.""

In discussing his campaign changes, Bush also talked about the changing nature of the Republican race. He cited a ""new phenomenon"" of candidates who have risen in the polls without any previous political experience, an apparent reference to Donald Trump and Ben Carson. He described them as ""the frontrunners right now"" who will be ""held to account, just like all of us will.""

Later Saturday morning, Bush again referred to the early Republican contests during the town hall hosted by Sen. Tim Scott, R-S.C., talking up the importance of South Carolina in the primary process on several occasions. ""The February states are important,"" Bush said.

Scott — who has not yet endorsed in the primary — said after the town hall he doesn't think Bush's campaign changes will hurt him in South Carolina. The senator compared the slim-down to the diet that Bush himself used to lose weight.

""I think he's doing the Paleo diet to his campaign,"" Scott said.

Also appearing at the town hall: U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., two days after chairing a hearing in which Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton testified about the 2012 terrorist attack on a U.S. facility in Benghazi, Libya.

""I don't know what y'all were doing Thursday,"" Gowdy told the supportive crowd. ""I had a rough Thursday.""

Democrats have accused Gowdy of conducting a partisan investigation designed to target Clinton's presidential campaign. Bush and Scott praised the South Carolina congressman for seeking the truth about the attack that killed four Americans, including the U.S. ambassador to Libya.

""I've been in the limelight myself a few times,"" Bush said. ""And it's not easy.""",1
2284,Which Communities Are Most Divided on Gay Marriage?,"The fight over Indiana’s Religious Freedom Law became part of the 2016 presidential discussion this week, with American’s rapidly shifting view of gay rights and gay marriage at the center of a public uproar over the ordinance.",1
1655,Jeb Bush's view from the bottom,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
3901,Our President and the Constitution: Barack Obama has gone rogue,"Can the president rewrite federal laws? Can he alter their meaning? Can he change their effect? These are legitimate questions in an era in which we have an unpopular progressive Democratic president who has boasted that he can govern without Congress by using his phone and his pen, and a mostly newly elected largely conservative Republican Congress with its own ideas about big government.

These are not hypothetical questions. In 2012, President Obama signed executive orders that essentially said to about 1.7 million unlawfully present immigrants who arrived in the U.S. before their 16th birthdays and who are not yet 31 years of age that if they complied with certain conditions that he made up out of thin air they will not be deported.

In 2014, the president signed additional executive orders that essentially made the same offer to about 4.7 million unlawfully present immigrants, without the age limits that he had made up out of thin air. A federal court enjoined enforcement of the 2014 orders last month.

Last week, the Federal Communications Commission -- the bureaucrats appointed by the president who regulate broadcast radio and television -- decreed that it has the authority to regulate the Internet, even though federal courts have twice ruled that it does not.

Also last week, the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, whose director is appointed by the president, proposed regulations that would outlaw the only mass-produced bullets that can be fired from an AR-15 rifle. This rifle has been the target of the left for many years because it looks like a military weapon; yet it is a lawful and safe civilian rifle commonly owned by many Americans.

This week, the president’s press secretary told reporters that the president is seriously thinking of signing executive orders intended to raise taxes on corporations by directing the IRS to redefine tax terminology so as to increase corporate tax burdens. He must have forgotten that those additional taxes would be paid by either the shareholders or the customers of those corporations, and those shareholders and customers elected a Congress they had every right to expect would be writing the tax laws. He has eviscerated that right.

What’s going on here?

What’s going on is the exercise of authoritarian impulses by a desperate president terrified of powerlessness and irrelevance, the Constitution be damned. I say “damned” because when the president writes laws, whether under the guise of administrative regulations or executive orders, he is effectively damning the Constitution by usurping the powers of Congress.

The Constitution could not be clearer. Article I, section 1 begins, “All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States.” Obama actually asked Congress to write the laws he is now purporting to write, and Congress declined, and so he does so at his peril.

In 1952, President Truman seized America’s closed steel mills because steel workers went on strike and the military needed hardware to fight the Korean War. He initially asked Congress for authorization to do this, and Congress declined to give it to him; so he seized the mills anyway.

His seizure was challenged by Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co., then a huge operator of steel mills. In a famous Supreme Court decision, the court enjoined the president from operating the mills.

Youngstown is not a novel or arcane case. The concurring opinion by Justice Robert Jackson articulating the truism that when the president acts in defiance of Congress he operates at his lowest ebb of constitutional power and can be enjoined by the courts unless he is in an area uniquely immune from congressional authority is among the most highly regarded and frequently cited concurring opinions in modern court history. It reminds the president and the lawyers who advise him that the Constitution imposes limits on executive power.

The president’s oath of office underscores those limits. It requires that he enforce the laws faithfully. The reason James Madison insisted on using the word “faithfully” in the presidential oath and putting the oath itself into the Constitution was to instill in presidents the realization that they may need to enforce laws with which they disagree -- even laws they hate.

But Obama rejects the Youngstown decision and the Madisonian logic. Here is a president who claims he can kill Americans without due process, spy on Americans without individualized probable cause, start wars on his own, borrow money on his own, regulate the Internet, ban lawful guns, tell illegal immigrants how to avoid the consequences of federal law, and now raise taxes on his own.

One of the safeguards built into the Constitution is the separation of powers: Congress writes the laws, the president enforces the laws, and the courts interpret them. The purpose of this separation is to prevent the accumulation of too much power in the hands of too few -- a valid fear when the Constitution was written and a valid fear today.

When the president effectively writes the laws, Congress is effectively neutered. Yet, the reason we have the separation of powers is not to protect Congress, but to protect all individuals from the loss of personal liberty. Under Obama, that loss has been vast. Will Congress and the courts do anything about it?

Andrew P. Napolitano, a former judge of the Superior Court of New Jersey, is the senior judicial analyst at Fox News Channel.",1
1214,South Carolina Black Voters Not Feelin’ the Bern,"Sorry, but Sanders doesn’t think like mainstream black voters. The tell is Cornel West. He hates Obama. We do not.

Iowa and New Hampshire had their turns in the spotlight, and Nevada comes this Saturday. And a week after that, my state, South Carolina, will host its own Democratic primary. Compared to those first two states, ours is highly diverse. Battle ground, trial phase—call it what you will—South Carolina, once a crucible of the civil rights movement and Barack Obama’s surge, can help vet the candidate best aligned with the black community.

Bernie Sanders is not that candidate—not next to Hillary Clinton. From his bouts with the president to the laws he contested to the company he keeps, Sanders raises alarm bells for Obama supporters, especially those from the African-American community.

Back in 2012, while still a proud Independent, Sanders took a page from the Republican playbook and called for a primary challenge to Obama’s presidency. His aim: to contrast “a progressive agenda as opposed to what Obama is doing,” as if to say affordable health care and safe cities are not “progressive” enough goals. The Democrats I know would disagree.

That anti-Obama jab followed an earlier resistance to the Affordable Care Act, now considered President Obama’s greatest legacy. Back in 2009, coming from the far left wing, Sanders held out on voting “yes,” hoping instead for an impossible ideal. Over 200,000 South Carolinians now have quality, affordable health insurance through Obamacare. If Sanders fulfills his campaign promise and starts those talks from a blank slate, then he risks undoing years of progress.

Improving health care matters greatly to our community. It’s no secret that African Americans die earlier than whites and suffer in larger numbers from diseases like diabetes and heart disease. We also die twice as often from gun violence. In Charleston County alone, blacks accounted for 29 percent of the population in 2014 but claimed 78 percent of gun violence deaths. We demand equality where our lives are at stake, and on that note Sanders has a mixed record on gun safety, having opposed reforms that Obama now pushes.

The Vermont senator once voted for legislation that allowed the Charleston shooter to buy a gun despite a clerical error—the now-infamous “Charleston Loophole.” More recently, he voted down legislation meant to shield gun makers from victim lawsuits. When President Obama last month refused to back “any candidate, even in my own party, who does not support common-sense gun reform,” he may well have been referring to Sanders.

In what perhaps struck the candidate as an act of solidarity, Sanders also chose Cornel West as liaison to South Carolina’s black voters. As The Washington Post puts it, West serves as Sanders’s “controversial traveling companion” and “has been highly critical of President Obama.” That’s an understatement. Cornel West hates President Obama. He once called the president “a brown-faced Clinton,” “a Rockefeller Republican in blackface,” and a “counterfeit” progressive.

My own father, Cleveland Sellers, was a real civil rights-era activist, as were Jesse Jackson and Rev. Joseph A. Darby. All of them are alive and well with deep South Carolina roots and could have been surrogates for Sen. Sanders. So of all the black leaders Sanders could have chosen, why West? West is a scholar, sure, but his views are extreme, and they clash with much of the pro-Obama black community.

Bernie Sanders means well, and his calls for income equality rightly resonate with Democratic voters. But certain issues—gun violence and health care among them—and certain viewpoints—Cornel West’s not among them—appeal specifically to most African Americans. My vote goes to someone who supports President Obama and intends to wholly and ambitiously build on his legacy. That someone is not Bernie Sanders.",1
435,"Employers Added 38,000 Jobs in May","The U.S. economy created the fewest number of jobs in more than five years in May, hurt by a strike by Verizon workers and a fall in goods producing employment, pointing to labor market weakness that could make it difficult for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates.

Nonfarm payrolls increased by only 38,000 jobs last month, the smallest gain since September 2010, the Labor Department said on Friday. Employers hired 59,000 fewer workers in March and April. The government said the month-long Verizon strike had depressed employment growth by 34,000 jobs.

The goods producing sector, which includes mining and manufacturing, shed 36,000 jobs, the most since February 2010. Even without the Verizon strike, payrolls would have increased by a mere 72,000.

The Verizon workers, who were considered unemployed because they did not receive a salary during the payrolls survey week, returned to their jobs on Wednesday. They are expected to boost June employment.

The jobless rate fell three-tenths of a percentage point to 4.7 percent in May, the lowest since November 2007. The decrease in the unemployment rate was in part due to people dropping out of the labor force.

Economists polled by Reuters had forecast payrolls rising 164,000 in May and the unemployment rate falling to 4.9 percent.

Fed Chair Janet Yellen has said monthly gains of roughly 100,000 jobs are needed to keep up with growth in the work-age population. The U.S. central bank has signaled its intention to raise rates soon if job gains continued and economic data remained consistent with a pickup in growth in the second quarter.

Yellen said last week that a rate increase would probably be appropriate in the ""coming months,"" if those conditions were met. Data on consumer spending, industrial production, goods exports and housing have suggested the economy is gathering speed after growth slowed to a 0.8 percent annualized rate in the first quarter.

The Fed hiked its benchmark overnight interest rate in December for the first time in nearly a decade.

There is still no sign of meaningful wage growth. Average hourly earnings rose five cents, or 0.2 percent, last month. That kept the year-on-year rise at 2.5 percent.

Economists say wage growth of between 3.0 percent and 3.5 percent is needed to lift inflation to the Fed's 2.0 percent target. There are, however, signs that inflation is creeping higher as the dampening effects of the dollar's past rally and the oil price plunge dissipate.

There was little change in other measures of labor market slack. A broad measure of unemployment that includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment held steady at 9.7 percent in May.

The labor force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell 0.2 percentage point to 62.6 percent.

The gains in May were broadly weak, with the private sector adding only 25,000 jobs, the smallest since February 2010. Mining employment maintained its downward trend, shedding 10,000 positions. Mining payrolls have dropped by 207,000 since peaking in September 2014, with three-quarters of the losses in support activities.

Manufacturing employment fell by 10,000 jobs. The Verizon labor dispute reduced information sector jobs by 34,000.

Retail payrolls rose 11,400 after shedding jobs in April for the first time since December 2014. Temporary help jobs fell 21,000.",1
2664,Donald Trump is blatantly racist — and the media is too scared to call him out on it,"Donald Trump, the actual Republican candidate for president, now endorsed by his party leaders, openly said he wants to exclude someone from a government job because of his race and ethnicity.

As the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday, Trump said he wants to disqualify the federal judge overseeing the Trump University case because of his ""Mexican heritage"" and membership in a Latino lawyers association:

Mr. Trump said U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel had ""an absolute conflict"" in presiding over the litigation given that he was ""of Mexican heritage"" and a member of a Latino lawyers' association. Mr. Trump said the background of the judge, who was born in Indiana to Mexican immigrants, was relevant because of his campaign stance against illegal immigration and his pledge to seal the southern U.S. border. ""I'm building a wall. It's an inherent conflict of interest,"" Mr. Trump said.

This is pure racism. There's no subtlety, no dog whistle, no coded language.

Somehow this isn't too surprising. Trump is, after all, the presidential candidate who launched his campaign by calling Mexican immigrants criminals and ""rapists,"" and he proposed banning all Muslims from entering the US.

And with this latest remark, Trump is just turning the thinly veiled subtext into text. He had already previously brought up Curiel's Mexican heritage, suggesting that there was a conflict of interest because of it but not saying it quite so explicitly.

Reading this, it's hard for me, a Hispanic American, to avoid feeling a little personally insulted. This suggests that Trump would probably dismiss my opinion — indeed, this article — because of my name. Yet millions of Americans — and a major political party — want him to be president, despite his clear racism.

Maybe the media plays a role here. After all, instead of calling it like it is, CBS News, MSNBC, the Washington Post, and the New York Times have called Trump's comments about Curiel ""racially charged"" and ""racially tinged,"" the weasel words the media typically uses to describe racism. It makes one wonder: What would it take for them to finally call Trump or his remarks just plainly racist? If claiming a qualified, vetted judge shouldn't be able to do his job because of his race and ethnicity isn't racist, then what the hell is?

Perhaps the problem is Hispanic people are vastly underrepresented in media. As the journalism organization ASNE found, racial minorities make up less than 13 percent of the field — despite making up about 38 percent of the total US population. That might make it harder for a lot of journalists to see just how racist Trump's remarks are.

If that's the case, maybe it would be helpful for the predominant white journalists in the field to consider: If President Barack Obama or President Marco Rubio said all white people should be banned from acting as judge in a court case against him, would that be considered racist? And how is that any different from what Trump is doing?

There should be no doubt about it now: Donald Trump is racist. He wants to exclude people from government jobs because of their race and ethnicity. That is the literal definition of racism. The media shouldn't shy away from pointing that out, and the people supporting Trump should know that's exactly what they're supporting.",1
2203,Obama: Battle against ISIS Could Take Decades,"President Barack Obama is proposing a new strategy in the fight against ISIS, saying the battle against the Islamic State will not be quick. In fact, he says it could take decades.

During a rare visit to the Pentagon, Obama laid out his revamped strategy, saying the fight against the Islamic State will require more than just weapons.

""No amount of military force will end the terror that is ISIL unless it's matched by a broader effort, political and economic,"" he said.

The president said coalition forces will go after the heart of ISIS, but he did not call for more bombing or more troops, announcing instead a shift in focus to counter the terror group's public relations tactics.

Obama pointed to a string of ISIS defeats in the region due to airstrikes targeting the group's supply lines. But he said more needs to be done to recruit and train Syrians for the fight on the ground.

When it comes to lone wolf terrorists in America inspired by ISIS, the president admitted they're harder to detect, saying U.S. national security must remain vigilant.

Obama pointed to increased efforts to counter ISIS's propaganda that's spreading worldwide via social media.

""We also have to acknowledge that ISIL has been particularly effective at reaching out to and recruiting vulnerable people around the world, including here in the United States,"" he said.

While the fight against ISIS will be long, the president said he's confident the terrorists won't win.

But Republicans remain skeptical, saying Obama's plan doesn't go far enough.

""A speech isn't a strategy,"" said Cory Fritz, spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio. ""At no point in his remarks did President Obama indicate he's doing anything to change course and actually build the broad, overarching plan that's needed to take on these savage terrorists and win.""

Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, said the president ""doesn't have a strategy.""

""I didn't sense that he had a rock solid strategy on how to deal with this and defeat it,"" Chaffetz said.",1
1033,How Donald Trump sees himself,"He trusts no one, and places a premium on revenge. (""If you do not get even, you are just a schmuck!"")

He treats every decision he makes ""like a lover,"" sometimes thinking with his head, other times with other parts of his body, because it reminds him to ""keep in touch with my basic impulses.""

And to make creative choices, he writes: ""I try to step back and remember my first shallow reaction. The day I realized it can be smart to be shallow was, for me, a deep experience.""

This is Donald J. Trump as he sees himself and the world.

CNN scoured thousands of pages of books, speeches, profiles and television interview transcripts from the past three decades to stitch together a portrait based entirely on the Republican presidential front-runner's own words.

Taken together, his words offer further insight into the leadership style of the billionaire-turned-politician, whose extraordinary candidacy has simultaneously electrified and repulsed large swaths of the electorate.

Trump authored more than a dozen books about his experiences in the business world that shaped this outlook -- most of them self-help treatises with titles including the 1987 best-seller ""The Art of the Deal,"" 2004's ""Think Like a Billionaire: Everything You Need to Know About Success, Real Estate, and Life,"" and 2007's ""Think Big.""

Trump himself has shared his story in detail. Some recurrent themes in his writings include strength, success, self-confidence, distrust and revenge. He has often written and spoken about what he sees as the decline of the United States, a bedrock theme of his presidential campaign.

""The world is a vicious and brutal place, he wrote in ""Think Big."" ""Even your friends are out to get you: They want your job, they want your house, they want your money, they want your wife, and they even want your dog.''

""When people wrong you, go after those people, because it is a good feeling and because other people will see you doing it,"" he writes. ""I always get even.""

'If I had been the son of a coal miner'

Trump's life story, in the broadest of brush strokes, goes like this:

He was born the son of wealthy New York real-estate developer Fred C. Trump. He went to a private military academy in high school, attended Fordham for two years, then the Wharton School of Finance from which he graduated.

While his father did business in Brooklyn and Queens, Trump set off to make his mark in Manhattan. He became fabulously wealthy (think penthouse, helicopter, yacht, private plane) in the real estate boom of the '80s, then nearly lost it all when the boom went bust. He has since rebounded to the tune — he says — of a personal fortune of $10 billion. (Forbes estimates his net worth at $4.5 billion).

As he has run his empire and ascended as a mega star on reality TV, Trump has often been accused of being a bully, which he denies.

He does, however, acknowledge being a ""very assertive, aggressive kid.""

When he was in elementary school he formed the opinion that his music teacher didn't know much about music.

So, Trump punched him in the face, he wrote in 1987's ""The Art of the Deal.""

""In the second grade I actually gave a teacher a black eye,"" he wrote. ""I'm not proud of that, but it's clear evidence that even early on I had a tendency to stand up and make my opinions known in a very forceful way. The difference now is that I like to use my brain instead of my fists."" (He adds that he ""almost got expelled"" over the incident.)

The elder Trump completed his project and liked it so much that he glued the blocks together.

It was a self-admiration that would carry over into his real life as a builder.

In ""Think Big,"" he writes of the emotional reaction he has when arriving to work at Trump Tower.

""I love to see the crowds of people oohing and aahing at the stunning marble and the breathtaking 80-foot waterfall,"" he wrote. ""In truth I am dazzled as much by my own creations as are the tourists and glamour hounds that flock to Trump Tower ... or any of my other properties.""

The mutual admiration of his work, Trump wrote, makes him feel ""a little closer to them even though we've never met.""

The billionaire developer has long felt a kinship with blue-collar workers -- and he believes the feeling is reciprocated. There is without question an aspirational nature to his candidacy, and blue-collar workers have shown up at the polls in droves to support his bid for the Republican nomination — often expressing admiration for his success and a belief that his financial wealth will free him from the influence of special interests if he makes it to the White House.

""Rich men are less likely to like me,"" Trump told Playboy in a 1990 interview, ""but the working man likes me because he knows I worked hard and didn't inherit what I've built.""

Trump acknowledges he was born wealthy — he grew up in a 23-room house in the Jamaica Estates section of Queens — and that his father loaned him money to begin his own business. But he stresses that he set himself apart when he headed to Manhattan and began building skyscrapers instead of affordable rental units.

""I often say that I'm a member of the lucky sperm club,"" he wrote in 2009's ""Think Like A Champion.""

""But did it give me a natural talent? I don't think so. It gave me an advantage that I deliberately chose to develop into an advantage.""

There is an ""it"" factor people like him are born with, Trump has said.

To explain what he meant by ""it,"" Trump, the son of a multi-millionaire, evoked the plight of mine workers with black lung disease in the interview with Playboy.

""If I had been the son of a coal miner I would have left the damn mines,"" said Trump, then 43. ""But most people don't have the imagination—or whatever — to leave their mine.""

""They don't have 'it,' "" he said.

Trump seems most self-critical when writing about the near collapse of his real-estate empire in 1990.

""In the early 90s I was in a ton of debt. I had gone from the smartest guy in town to a complete zero,"" he wrote in 2007's ""Think Big."" ""I went from being a super genius to a moron.""

He recalled walking down the street one day with his then-wife, Marla Maples, and reflecting on his situation. He pointed to a nearby man.

""That beggar over there is worth $900 million more than I am,"" he wrote.

""What do you mean?"" Maples asked.

""Because I'm $900 million in debt,"" he replied, ""and at least he has money in his pocket.""

He attributed his fall not only to the revision of the tax code by Congress in 1986 — which he said destroyed ""just about any incentive anyone might have for investing in real estate"" — but also to his own complacency.

""You just get a feeling of invincibility,"" he said, reflecting on his downward spiral in that book.

""You let down your guard. You don't work as hard. Then things start to go in the wrong direction.""

Trump, who has written that he sleeps three-to-four hours a night so he can devote as much time as possible to his work, does not dwell on his misfortune on the campaign trail, except to establish the depths from which he re-emerged.

He threatened to sue a Washington Post reporter who wrote about the bankruptcy of the Taj Mahal, one of his casinos in Atlantic City, according to an interview with that reporter on NPR's ""Fresh Air."" Trump also reacted indignantly to a question about his bankruptcies during CNN's September debate last year, insisting that he merely took advantage of U.S. laws to help his business.

Back on top in the mid-2000s, Trump wrote ""Think Big,"" which shows the evolution of his management style and his values as a leader.

""DO NOT TRUST ANYONE,"" reads one chapter subheading.

""I used to say, 'Go out and get the best people, and trust them.' Over the years I have seen too many shenanigans, and now I say, 'Get the best people and don't trust them.'""

Another maxim in Trump's world is revenge.

""I always get even,"" he writes in a chapter dedicated to the subject.

""She was a nobody in her government job and going nowhere,"" Trump wrote of the unnamed woman. ""I decided to make her into somebody.""

Under his mentoring, Trump wrote, the woman became powerful in real estate and bought a beautiful home.

When Trump was under intense financial pressure in the early '90s, he asked the woman to make a phone call to ""an extremely close friend of hers who held a powerful position at a big bank who would have done what she asked.""

So Trump ""got rid of her,"" he wrote.

""She ended up losing her home. Her husband, who was only in it for the money, walked out on her and I was glad,"" he continued. ""Over the years many people have called asking for a recommendation for her. I only give her bad recommendations. ...This woman was very disloyal, and now I go out of my way to make her life miserable.""

Trump punctuated the anecdote with several bullet points at the end of the chapter, including:

""When somebody screws you, screw them back in spades"" and ""Go for the jugular so that people watching will not want to mess with you.""

That approach was shaped by his own travails in business in the early 1990s as he watched his empire collapse around him.

""I believe in an eye for an eye — like the Old Testament says,"" he wrote in ""The Art of the Comeback.""

""Some of the people who forgot to lift a finger when I needed them, when I was down, they need my help now, and I'm screwing them against the wall. I'm doing a number.... And I'm having so much fun.""

While Trump's writings and statements are geared primarily toward the business world, he has routinely weighed in on politics over the years.

Favorite themes are the need for national strength and restoring America's stature abroad, which he says has been diminishing for decades.

In the Playboy interview, he referred to the 1989 pro-democracy movement in Beijing's Tiananmen Square in which some 10,000 government troops killed an unknown number of protestors.

""When the students poured into Tiananmen Square, the Chinese government almost blew it,"" Trump said. ""Then they were vicious. They were horrible, but they put it down with strength. Our country is right now perceived as weak ... as being spit on by the rest of the world.""

In ""Think Big,"" he criticized then-Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice as a smiling, waving lightweight who is no match for the murderous dictators she was dispatched to deal with.

""Condi Rice just goes over there to get her picture taken,"" Trump wrote.

Trump states without equivocation that he could accomplish a feat that has eluded politicians for decades:

""I could negotiate peace in the Middle East -- very few other people could,"" he wrote in ""Think Big.""

Aside from a brief flirtation with the idea of a presidential bid in 2000, however, Trump has spent most of his years in the spotlight denying or downplaying such aspirations.

""I think I'm almost too honest to be a politician,"" he told CNN in 1997.

""I'm too forthright. I'm too — I think I'm too honest,"" he said, ""but I do believe I'm too forthright to be a politician.""",1
505,An Obama boom?,"According to a transition pool report, the media personalities are as follows: NBC News President Deborah Turness; CNN President Jeff Zucker and network...",1
1434,3 winners and 2 losers from Sunday night's Democratic presidential debate,"Sunday night's Democratic debate was, DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz insisted, timed to ""maximize the opportunity for voters to see our candidates."" Given that it was held on the Sunday before a federal holiday, that seems … dubious. But whoever wasn't deterred by the debate's inauspicious timing saw an event that was both substantive and sort of lackadaisical. Almost all the discussion focused on policy, but Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton began awkwardly attempting to slip in attacks on each other, though neither really seemed that comfortable doing it. The most animated of the bunch was Martin O'Malley, who seemed energized by his quest to successfully say something, anything, without being talked over.

It'll take a few days for poll results to trickle in, which will provide the closest thing to an objective answer of who actually won the debate. But in the meantime, here are the candidates who ended the night better off than they started it — and the ones who slipped.

Bernie is now posting his best poll numbers of the campaign to date, as he excitedly pointed out in a moment that echoed Donald Trump's matter-of-fact citation of polling at Thursday's Republican debate. He's only 4 points behind in Iowa and gaining, solidly ahead in New Hampshire, and has momentum nationally too. There's a very real possibility that he wins the first two primary contests and leaves Clinton scrambling to recover in South Carolina.

What Sanders needed to do Sunday night was maintain that momentum, continue his appeal to liberal base voters, and blunt any attacks that Clinton might be tempted to unleash at him. He accomplished all of that, even if he didn't give a focused, dominant performance. His release of his single-payer financing details denied Clinton a major attack line, he avoided getting bogged down in guns (clearly his worst issue from the Democratic base's perspective), and he struck an ecumenical tone that made him seem relatively above the fray as Clinton tried out various critiques targeting him.

Perhaps his strongest moment was when he erupted at Andrea Mitchell after being asked about Bill Clinton's affairs:

Andrea Mitchell: Senator Sanders, let me ask you a question, you called Bill Clinton's past transgressions, quote, totally, totally, totally disgraceful, and unacceptable. Senator, do you regret saying that? Bernie Sanders: I was asked a question — you know one of the things, Andrea, that question annoys me. I cannot walk down the street, Secretary Clinton knows that, without being told how much I have to attack Secretary Clinton. To get me on the front page of the paper, I have to make a vicious attack. I have avoided doing that. I'm trying to run an issue-oriented campaign. [Applause] I was asked a question… Andrea Mitchell: You didn't have to answer it that way though, why did you? Bernie Sanders: Then if I don't, there's another front page. Yes, and I mean this seriously, we've been through this. Yes, his behavior was deplorable, have I said a word? No, I have not. I'm going to debate Secretary Clinton, Governor O'Malley on the issues facing the American people, not Bill Clinton's personal behavior.

This appeals to older Democrats still pissed at the media's preoccupation with Bill's sexual misconduct while still reminding people of it and condemning it as ""deplorable."" It makes him seem above such frivolity and interested in waging a positive, issue-oriented campaign.

Best of all, Clinton didn't get a chance to respond, even though her campaign attacked Sanders this week for appearing to go negative in one TV spot. After a debate when she clearly went negative at Sanders — and a week in which a notable surrogate attacked him not on the issues but for his age — this made Clinton seem threatened by Sanders and desperate to attack him, as he brushed off the attacks and pivoted to the issues.

Oh yeah, and this is the first debate in which Bernie got the most speaking time of any candidate, beating Clinton by two and a half minutes:

It was only eight years ago that Hillary Clinton was repeatedly attacking Barack Obama as a dangerously inexperienced naif who would be unable to get anything of consequence done as president. Now she presents herself as a defender of his sundry accomplishments, and attacks Sanders for being insufficiently supportive of the president.

""The fact is, we have the Affordable Care Act,"" Clinton declared. ""That is one of the greatest accomplishments of President Obama, of the Democratic Party, and of our country, and we have already seen 19 million Americans get insurance."" She also cited Sanders's past criticisms of the president and flirtation with supporting a primary challenge against him in 2011-'12:

Clinton's message is clear: I am the true defender of Obama's legacy, I will preserve his gains, while Sanders dismissed them.

Sanders replied not by defending his past critiques of Obama, but by distancing himself from them and insisting he's a huge fan of the president: ""In 2006 when I ran for the Senate, Senator Barack Obama was kind enough to campaign for me. 2008, I did my best to see that he was elected, and in 2012, I worked as hard as I could to see that he was re-elected. He and I are friends, we've worked together, we have differences of opinion.""

As for Clinton's claims that he would threaten the Affordable Care Act, he rebutted, ""We're not going to tear up the Affordable Care Act. I helped write it."" Sanders isn't disavowing Obama's legacy at all: He's embracing it, and selling himself as the natural person to build on it.

O'Malley made the same point in his introduction, declaring, ""We need to come together as a people and build on the good things that President Obama has done.""

The Democratic primary, then, is a competition among three people, all of whom embrace Obama's legacy, celebrate it as a huge success, and differ only on the matter of who's best equipped to defend and expand his accomplishments. No matter who wins, that this is the debate goes to show just how beloved Obama remains within the Democratic Party, and how he and his presidency will continue to define the party's mission for years after he's left office.

Sanders's spat with Mitchell aside, the moderating Sunday night was about as strong as it's been at any debate for either party this entire cycle. Mitchell and Lester Holt held the line against candidates talking over each other and speaking past their time limits, and Holt especially was willing to ask follow-up questions when candidates were evasive. When Sanders avoided a question about why he flip-flopped about lawsuit immunity for gun companies, Holt pressed him: ""Senator, you didn't answer the question that you did change your position on immunity for gun manufacturers. Can you answer the question as to why?""

Similarly, when Sanders positioned himself as tougher on Wall Street than Clinton, Holt didn't just ask Clinton to reply, he framed the reply to ensure it was more useful to viewers: ""Secretary Clinton, help the voter understand the daylight between the two of you here.""

Most importantly, almost all of their questions were substantive, policy-oriented, and designed to not be answerable simply by reference to candidates' past statements. Sanders may have largely dodged Mitchell's question about how he accounts for the failure of single-payer in Vermont — despite Mitchell's great efforts to force him to answer it — but it was a perfect angle: It doesn't get Sanders to regurgitate his stump speech, but it forces him to engage with the actual implementation challenges his Medicare-for-all proposal faces.

Holt and Mitchell served as a reminder of what engaged moderating, meant to inform viewers rather than provoke conflict or appease campaigns through lax timing rules, looks like. Future moderators would do well to follow the example they set.

At the risk of sounding tautological, Clinton lost by not winning. The trends aren't in her favor at the moment. Sanders is gaining in Iowa and is starting to be treated like a serious candidate by the press. Her attempts to attack Sanders's support for single-payer health care this week were widely perceived as backfiring, especially among liberal primary voters who might be tempted to support Clinton out of practicality. She needed a debate in which she could show that Sanders was out of his depth, not someone you could plausibly see actually functioning as president. She didn't do that this time around.

Instead, she had a debate where she tried to throw everything she could at him to see what stuck. She tried the single-payer attack, but given that Bernie released his plan before the debate, it sounded more convoluted than effective: ""I have to say I'm not sure whether we're talking about the plan you just introduced tonight, or we're talking about the plan you introduced nine times in the Congress."" Ouch?

She tried attacking Sanders as insufficiently pro-Obama, largely for reasons related to Wall Street reform, which generally didn't sound that persuasive. Hearing that Obama took Wall Street money isn't likely to make primary voters think, ""Hmm, a guy I like took money from bankers, clearly I should vote for Hillary Clinton, who also takes money from bankers."" It just raises the visibility of the fact that Hillary Clinton gets finance money and Sanders doesn't — which, on the margins, is going to bring a lot more people to Sanders's column than to Clinton's.

Her gun attack was pointed and strong, raising all of Sanders's key failings in quick succession:

It was probably the best hit she got against Sanders in the whole debate.

Poor guy. The former Maryland governor began his remarks with, ""My name is Martin O'Malley"" — a cringe-worthy reminder that many primary voters don't even know who he is or that he's running for president. And he didn't get a lot of opportunities to change that situation throughout the evening. Take a look at the speaking time chart again:

Even O'Malley's protests that he wasn't being heard wound up getting ignored:

Martin O'Malley literally asked for the ability to speak for 10 seconds and Lester Holt answered him, ""No.""

By then end of the debate, you could see sheer shock and gratitude on his face when it came to closing statements. ""Before we leave, is there anything you wanted to say tonight that you haven't gotten a chance to say? And we'll start with Gov. O'Malley,"" Holt said. ""Didn't see that coming, did you?""

There's actually a strong case for O'Malley over Sanders and Clinton, as a hyper-competent governor with solid liberal credentials and a record of accomplishment. That's not a case that O'Malley was able to present Sunday night.",1
2585,Netanyahu steps back from full opposition to Palestinian state,"Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu backtracked Thursday from a clear campaign statement that as long as he was the leader of Israel there would be no independent Palestinian state.

“I don’t want a one-state solution. I want a sustainable, peaceful two-state solution. But for that, circumstances have to change,” Netanyahu, who won reelection Tuesday, told MSNBC in an interview.

Earlier this week, in the heat of the Israeli campaign, with pre-election polls suggesting that he might lose, Netanyahu made the sensational promise that he would not support the creation of a Palestinian state on his watch, an open reversal of his earlier stance supporting a two-state solution to the Israel-Palestinian conflict.

The head-spinning pivot did not convince White House officials, who suggested Thursday that Netanyahu’s maneuvers could prompt a shift in U.S. policy toward Israel, particularly in the United Nations, where the United States has been Israel’s strongest advocate and defender. The White House described its commitment to Israeli and Palestinian states existing side by side in peace as a “bedrock” principle of U.S. policy in the region.

[What now for U.S. Israel-ties?]

In a sign of the Obama administration’s extreme frustration, White House press secretary Josh Earnest denounced Netanyahu’s actions as “cynical, divisive election-day tactics” that are unworthy of the values that the United States and Israel share. “Words matter,” Earnest added.

Netanyahu’s actions had “eroded” that foundation and will mean that the United States “needs to rethink our approach,” he said. “And that’s what we will do.”

Despite the strained relations, President Obama called Netanyahu to congratulate him on his victory, as well as to express concern about his election-eve rhetoric and to stress U.S. commitment to a “sovereign and viable” Palestinian state.

The call, which also reaffirmed the importance of U.S.-Israel cooperation on matters of intelligence and security, reflected the delicate balancing act facing the White House as it weighs the need to support one of its closest allies while also demonstrating its growing frustration with Netanyahu.

Obama had declined to meet with Netanyahu this month when he was in Washington to deliver a speech to Congress that raised concerns about the administration’s negotiations with Tehran over Iran’s nuclear program. The speech represented yet another sore spot in the two leaders’ strained relationship.

One option that the White House is considering is acceding to the passage of a U.N. Security Council resolution that outlines the broad parameters of a two-state solution and involves significant sacrifice on the part of the Israelis and the Palestinians. Such a resolution would “set down a marker for both societies and the future,” said Ilan Goldenberg, a senior fellow at the Center for a New American Security who served as chief of staff to the special envoy for Israeli-Palestinian negotiations in the Obama administration.

The administration has previously opposed such efforts to impose a solution on the conflict from the outside. But the White House could argue that such a measure, which would probably be drafted by European allies, would help shield Israel from more extreme punitive measures, such as sanctions or war crimes charges in the International Criminal Court, which the Palestinian Authority has vowed to pursue after it joins in April.

The move would also be seen widely as an effort on the part of the White House to punish Israel’s prime minister. “The president has to decide if this is worth it,” Goldenberg said. “This is a huge political lift for the White House.” Such a move would probably come this spring or summer to shield Democratic presidential candidates from the political fallout.

The White House said Thursday that no decisions had been made on whether or how the United States should shift its approach to Israel.

After winning a resounding victory Tuesday to a fourth term as prime minister, Netanyahu went on U.S. TV news shows — and not Israeli programs — on Thursday to walk back his statements.

Netanyahu, who only days earlier suggested that any evacuation of the occupied territories would be akin to ceding ground to “radical Islam,” was suddenly insisting that he hadn’t changed his policy.

As proof, the prime minister cited a speech he gave at Bar-Ilan University in 2009 in which he famously said he supported a two-state solution, as long as Israel’s security was guaranteed and the newly created Palestinian nation was demilitarized.

Over the past six years, whenever it seemed as if Netanyahu was fighting against a two-state solution, his aides referred reporters to his Bar-Ilan speech.

Netanyahu returned to that speech in an interview with Fox News on Thursday. “I didn’t retract any of the things I said in my speech six years ago,” he said.

Instead, he blamed Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas for his reluctance to continue talks. “He’s made a pact with the Palestinian terrorist organization, Hamas, that calls for our destruction,” the prime minister said, referring to the militant group that controls the Gaza Strip.

He added that “conditions in the Middle East have changed to the point where any territory we withdraw from is immediately taken up by Iranian-backed terrorists or by the [Islamic State].”

Although the Islamic State has no presence in Israel, the West Bank or Gaza, it does operate in neighboring Syria. It’s “a dozen miles away from us,” Netanyahu said. “It’s thousands of miles away from you.”

Palestinian leaders scoffed at what they called Netanyahu’s disingenuous attempt to recast his remarks while blaming others.

Abbas said that Netanyahu’s words “are proof, if correct, that there is no seriousness in the Israeli government about a political solution,” according to the Agence France-Presse news agency.

Saeb Erekat, who spent nine months last year as the top Palestinian negotiator in talks led by Secretary of State John F. Kerry, said, “What Netanyahu said wasn’t electioneering. It was him.”

“This new Israeli government is determined to bury a two-state solution,” Erekat said, adding that there is “a big difference between tough negotiator and non-negotiator” and that all Netanyahu and his team have brought to talks is “make-believe, illusions, plays.”",1
34,House passes extreme ban on abortion coverage,"House Republicans managed to pass an extraordinarily restrictive law to drop federal funding for abortion on Thursday, after deciding to pull the plug on a vote to ban abortions after 20 weeks scheduled for the same day. The vote ever-so-dramatically coincides with the 42nd anniversary of Roe v. Wade, as well as antiabortion activists’ annual March for Life in Washington.

The House approved the broadened abortion curbs by a near party-line 242-179 vote. The White House warned that President Barack Obama would veto the measure, all but ensuring that it would never become law. […]

The approved bill would permanently bar federal funds for any abortion coverage and block tax credits for many people and businesses buying health insurance that covers abortions. That would exceed current abortion restrictions.",1
3496,Why the GOP Could Take Obama’s Corporate Tax Proposal Seriously,"President Barack Obama‘s budget for next year, released Monday, is filled with ideas, programs and proposals with prospects for adoption by the new Republican-controlled Congress that range from dismal to zero.

It may seem illogical to direct hopes for agreement toward one of the most far-reaching and politically fraught proposals on the president’s wish list, but, in fact, there are two big forces that can pry open the door to at least a serious bipartisan discussion on corporate tax reform this year. The first is inversions and the second is infrastructure.",1
1156,Hillary Clinton plays literal attack dog in effort to shore up Nevada,"Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton turned to animal impersonations Monday as the former secretary of state ramped up her effort to secure victory over surging Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders in this Saturday's Nevada caucuses.

Speaking before a crowd in Reno, Clinton described how she would like to fact-check various Republican claims. He began her story with a recollection of a political ad that aired on the radio in Arkansas. The ad featured a dog that the announcer claimed would bark any time a candidate said an untrue statement.

""We need to get that dog and follow him around and every time they say these things, like, 'oh the Great Recession was caused by too much regulation,"" Clinton said before yelping, ""Arf! Arf! Arf! Arf!"" to general applause.

Clinton and her opponent, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, have criss-crossed the Silver State in recent days. On Sunday, they wound up at opposite ends of a pew in the same Las Vegas church.

Sanders' ground game is catching up to the Clinton machine as well. The so-called Democratic socialist's campaign has over 100 staffers on the ground and has more than doubled its paid staff here since last month, along with spending double on his television spots compared to Clinton - $2.93 million to Clinton’s $1.46 million.

Adding to the uncertainty is a relative lack of polling coupled with a sense of the momentum being behind Sanders in the wake of his thumping victory over Clinton in last week's New Hampshire primary. Showing the importance her team has placed on Saturday's caucuses, Clinton skipped a campaign event in Florida, sending her husband, former President Bill Clinton, to stump in her stead.

As in Iowa and New Hampshire, Sanders has publicly pinned his hopes in Nevada to voter turnout. ""Everything in my political gut tells me that we have the momentum here in this state,"" he told a rally in Las Vegas Sunday, ""and if people come out in large numbers on caucus day, we’re going to win.""

It is possible to win the Nevada caucuses, but lose the all-important battle for Democratic National Convention delegates. That's exactly what happened to Clinton in 2008 against then-Senator Barack Obama.

The Clinton campaign may not have helped its cause in Nevada with comments made last week by campaign spokesman Brian Fallon in which he compared Nevada to the more racially and ethnically homogenous Iowa and New Hampshire.

""There’s an important Hispanic element to the Democratic caucus in Nevada,"" Fallon said. ""But it’s still a state that is 80 percent white voters. You have a caucus-style format, and [Sanders will] have the momentum coming out of New Hampshire presumably, so there’s a lot of reasons he should do well.""

That remark reportedly angered allies of Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, with one telling Politico that Reid had ""pushed hard to move Nevada near the front of the primary calendar precisely because of its diversity.""",1
619,Top Republicans join Obama in condemning Trump’s words,"Top Republicans joined with President Obama and other Democrats Tuesday in sharply condemning Donald Trump’s reaction to the nightclub massacre in Orlando, decrying his anti-Muslim rhetoric and his questioning of Obama’s allegiances as divisive and out of step with America’s values.

Trump — who just a week ago signaled an intent to snap his campaign into a more measured tone for the general election — showed no sign of backing down from his suggestions that Obama was somehow connected to or sympathetic with terrorists, telling the Associated Press that the president “continues to prioritize our enemy” over Americans.

In separate appearances, both Obama and his potential successor, likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, blasted Trump’s proposal to ban foreign Muslims from the United States as dangerous and contrary to the nation’s traditions.

A visibly angry Obama also dismissed Trump’s repeated demands for him to use the term “radical Islam” when speaking about the Orlando shootings and other attacks. “Calling a threat by a different name does not make it go away,” Obama said. “This is a political distraction.”

Clinton described Trump’s response to Orlando as rife with “conspiracy theories” and “pathological self-congratulations.”

The remarkable bipartisan outcry over Trump’s positions — coming at a moment of national mourning after the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history — set off a new wave of alarm within the GOP over whether the real estate mogul’s promised pivot to the general election would ever materialize. The rift also highlighted the enduring tensions between establishment figures who want to be more inclusive and the bulk of the party, which backs Trump’s proposed Muslim ban and has rallied around him as the presumptive nominee.

[Orlando gunman’s wife under scrutiny in struggle to piece together motives]

Some of Trump’s most ardent backers defended his response to the Orlando attack, saying drastic measures were needed to keep the nation safe. But most Republicans on Capitol Hill tried to distance themselves from Trump’s comments following the terrorist attack on a gay nightclub in Orlando that killed at least 49 people. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (Ky.) refused to respond to questions about Trump at his weekly news conference.

House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (Wis.) denounced Trump for trying to rally support for his anti-Muslim policies, while others castigated Trump for the accusations he has lobbed at Obama.

“I do not think a Muslim ban is in our country’s interest,” Ryan told reporters. “I do not think it is reflective of our principles, not just as a party but as a country.” He called for “a security test, not a religious test” for immigrants.

In a speech Monday, Trump had reiterated his calls for such a ban and expanded its potential reach to include any country with “a history” of terrorism against the United States and its allies. He blamed the Orlando attack — which authorities say was carried out by a man born in America to Afghan parents — in part on a system that “allowed his family to come here.”

At a rally Tuesday night in Greensboro, N.C., Trump attacked Obama for criticizing him and defended barring foreign Muslims.

“Once again we’ve seen that political correctness is deadly,” Trump said.

“And just so you understand: I have many Muslim friends,” he added at one point. “There doesn’t seem to be assimilation. We don’t know what’s going on.”

Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), who has praised Trump at times for his willingness to shake up politics and recently met with the mogul, expressed serious unease Tuesday with how Trump responded to a national tragedy.

“Traditionally, it is a time when people rally around our country, and it’s obviously not what’s occurred, and it’s very disappointing,” Corker said.

Sen. Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.), a leading national security hawk, said he had “run out of adjectives” for Trump. “I don’t think he has the judgment or the temperament, the experience to deal with what we are facing,” said Graham, who does not currently support the mogul.

Graham, like other Republicans, took issue with Trump’s apparent suggestions in Monday interviews that Obama may identify with the radical Muslim terrorists. Obama “either is not tough, not smart, or he’s got something else in mind,” Trump told Fox News.

Trump expanded on that Tuesday, saying in an emailed response to questions from the Associated Press: “President Obama claims to know our enemy, and yet he continues to prioritize our enemy over our allies and, for that matter, the American people.”

Graham said that Trump “seems to be suggesting that the president is one of ‘them.’ I find that highly offensive. I find that whole line of reasoning way off base. My problems with President Obama are his policy choices.”

Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.), who faces a challenging reelection bid, also called Trump’s insinuations about Obama “offensive.”

Speaking after meeting with his National Security Council, Obama dismissed Trump’s many calls for him to change the way he talks about terrorism.

“That’s the key, they tell us. We can’t get ISIL unless we call them ‘radical Islamists,’ ” Obama said, referring to the Islamic State militant group. “What exactly would using this label accomplish? What exactly would it change? Would it make ISIL less committed to trying to kill Americans? Would it bring in more allies? Is there a military strategy that is served by this? The answer is: none of the above.”

At a campaign event in Pittsburgh, Clinton excoriated Trump and challenged Republicans to repudiate him. Clinton said Trump failed to demonstrate an ability to deliver a “calm, collected and dignified response” to the Orlando attack.

“Instead, yesterday morning, just one day after the massacre, he went on TV and suggested that President Obama is on the side of the terrorists,” Clinton said. “Just think about that. Even in a time of divided politics, this is way beyond anything that should be said by someone running for president.”

Trump has also said Obama should “resign” because of his refusal to utter the words “radical Islamic terrorism.” But one of the mogul’s top backers on Capitol Hill said Trump doesn’t expect that to happen.

“What I think Trump’s saying is: You need to get in the game and start leading, or get out of here,” said Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.). “That’s just his way of expressing it. And I think people understood that. He doesn’t expect President Obama to resign, but he’s saying you can’t do this job effectively if you don’t understand the nature of the threat we face.”

Sessions said there was no discussion at a 90-minute Senate GOP lunch of Trump specifically; instead it focused on terrorism.

Rep. Adam Kinzinger (R-Ill.), an Air National Guard major and leading House GOP voice on national security issues, broke sharply with Trump.

“I guess I appreciate Mr. Trump’s fieriness in talking about it, but you don’t do it by alienating the very people that we need, and those are moderate Muslims,” he said. “We have to use the folks that frankly are not radicalized, which is the vast majority of Muslims, to win this war.”

Nationally, 64 percent of Republican voters said in a recent Washington Post-ABC News poll that they approve of Trump’s Muslim ban — as did 45 percent of independents — while 26 percent of Democrats said they approve.

Last week, Trump delivered a subdued speech that celebrated his primary wins and looked ahead to a matchup with Clinton. His campaign told allies that Trump was strategizing for a new phase of the campaign.

But by this week — after a series of fiery rallies in which he called out enemies by name and then his response to Orlando — many Republicans were left scratching their heads.

Lanhee Chen, a GOP foreign policy expert who served as policy director on Mitt Romney’s 2012 campaign, called Trump’s Monday speech a “huge wasted opportunity.”

“What he has said overall about foreign policy is very troubling,” said Chen, who said he has many issues with the mogul but does not consider himself part of the “Never Trump” wing of the GOP.

Chen said Trump needs to “start defining what his presidency would look like” in “more than just a few sound bites.” But he added: “I’m not holding my breath.”

David Nakamura and Paul Kane in Washington, Abby Phillip in Pittsburgh and Jenna Johnson in Greensboro, N.C., contributed to this report.",1
5101,"Clinton, Democrats try not to get drowned out during GOP convention","Cincinnati (CNN) While Republicans rally in Cleveland this week, Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, with help of the Democratic National Committee, will set up shop in the ""Rock and Roll Capital of the World"" to cast the Republican ticket as out-of-touch with what voters actually want.

But the Clinton campaign also plans to spend a substantial amount of time on defense this week, especially around Clinton's exclusive use of a private email server as secretary of state.

In a fact sheet written and distributed by Brian Fallon, Clinton's national press secretary, the Clinton campaign argues that while Donald Trump will focus on Clinton's emails and FBI Director James Comey's investigation and comments about the issue, most of what the presumptive Republican nominee will say will be false.

""With the Republican National Convention set to take place next week, Trump is likely to continue distorting Comey's words about Clinton's emails,"" Fallon wrote, adding that while some comments Comey made did provide initial fodder for Trump, his testimony on Capitol Hill earlier this month on the topic ""ended up substantiating what Clinton has long said.""

The prepared as defense is not just a nod to the fact that Clinton's email controversy continues to nag her, but it's also an acknowledgement to the fact that the one thing that may unite all Republicans in Cleveland this week is disdain for the idea of a Clinton presidency.

Dozens of Clinton aides, from a headquarters less than a mile from the Quicken Loans Arena, will also push their counter-convention plan -- titled ""Better Than This"" -- this week, trying to ""amplify the idea that America is better than the divisive and dangerous rhetoric Donald Trump has offered us,"" said Christina Reynolds, Clinton's rapid response director.

Clinton's top dollar super PAC, Priorities USA, will also blanket the city in anti-Trump advertising, making sure anyone who gets into a cab in Cleveland gets the question, ""Does Donald Trump really speak for you?""

The super PAC has paid for their ad to play in 125 cabs in Cleveland for the entirety of the Republican convention. The spot, which features women and fathers with the daughters wearing Trump shirts and reading some of his more controversial lines about women, will be played an estimated 28,000 times, said the group's spokesman, Justin Barasky.

Clinton herself will not be in Cleveland, but unlike past year when opposing candidates would stay dark most of the week, the former secretary of state has stops scheduled in Ohio, Minnesota and Nevada.

On Monday, when Republicans plan to focus on the 2012 terrorist attack in Benghazi at their convention, Clinton will announce a plan to register 3 million new voters by Election Day in November when she speaks at the 107th NAACP Annual Convention in Cincinnati, an aide said Sunday.

After the speech, Clinton will attend a Cincinnati voter registration rally for volunteers who have completed at least one shift for Clinton's campaign.

The aide added that voter registration will be a primary campaign focus during the week of the RNC, with the campaign and other Democratic groups hosting more than 500 registration events across the country. Multiple events will take place in swing states like Ohio, Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin.

Clinton will also travel to Minneapolis on Monday to attend the American Federation of Teachers Convention and headline a fundraiser.

Clinton will then travel to Nevada on Tuesday, where she will speak at the 42nd International AFSCME Convention and headline another fundraiser.

With much of the political world focused on the Republicans in Cleveland, it is expected that Clinton will respond to Republicans at these events.

Earlier this month in Virginia, Clinton knocked the Republican convention as a great event ""If you are into bigotry, bluster and bullying.""

""We are going to have a great convention in Philadelphia,"" Clinton said. ""I have no idea what is going to happen in Cleveland.""

She added, ""It is going to be entertaining I am sure if you are into bigotry, bluster and bullying, if you are into drawing lines between Americans, if you are into insulting groups of Americans, if you are into saying you don't want to let Muslims into the country, you want to round up and deport 11 million people with a quote deportation force, if you enjoy seeing women demeaned.""

The Democrats will have an uphill battle to get attention, though. Conventions are a boon for the hosting party, in part, because of the blanket coverage they get by the press. Trump will likely lead cable and broadcast news every night, so the goal Democrats have is to muddy his message and break in at all.

Clinton's aides in Cleveland will try to break through the media's focus on the Republicans with a series of press conference, press calls and events.

""We believe the Republican convention will be a great recruiting tool -- reminding voters how important it is to help Hillary Clinton make history and ensure that Donald Trump never takes the White House,"" Reynolds said.

According to Reynolds, Democratic events in Cleveland will includes appearances by Sen. Al Franken, Rep. Tim Ryan and Rep. Xavier Becerra, all Democrats who have been talked about as possible vice presidential options for the former secretary of state.

Democratic National Committee Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz will also headline events, along with Rep. Marcia Fudge, Rep. Joyce Beatty, Ohio Senate candidate Ted Strickland, Rep. Ruben Gallego, Rep. Joe Crowley and Rep. Bennie Thompson.",1
3238,GOP Hopefuls’ 2016 Theme Has a New Pitch,"Several Republicans eyeing presidential bids in 2016 are tackling policy questions not typically identified as conservative priorities, including wage stagnation and aid for the poor, an early bid to address a political weakness that helped sink the party’s last White House nominee.

Florida Sen. Marco Rubio devoted his new book, “American Dreams,” to revamping programs for the poor and middle class. Ohio Gov. John Kasich will use his inaugural address Monday to renew his call to help “people in the shadows.” And former...",1
4656,Poll: Clinton leads Trump by three points,"With less than two weeks to go, the race for the White House has narrowed as Hillary Clinton now has a three-point advantage over Donald Trump.

That’s within the margin of error of the national Fox News Poll of likely voters.

Clinton is ahead of Trump by 44-41 percent.  Another one-in-ten back a third-party candidate and four percent are undecided.  Last week she was up by six points (45-39 percent) and before that by seven (45-38 percent).

The poll, released Wednesday, finds Clinton leads 49-44 percent in the head-to-head matchup.  That 5-point advantage is at the edge of the error margin.  She was up 7 a week ago (49-42 percent).

CLICK HERE TO READ THE FULL POLL RESULTS.

Trump is helped by increased backing among independents and greater strength of support: 68 percent of those backing Trump support him “strongly,” compared to 61 percent for Clinton.

Independents favor Trump over Clinton by 13 points (41-28 percent).  He had a 7-point advantage last week, and two weeks ago they were tied at 35 percent each.  Third-party candidates play a role here, as Gary Johnson (14 percent) and Jill Stein (7 percent) receive the combined support of more than one-in-five independents.

In the four-way race, Trump leads among whites (+14 points) and men (+5), although his best groups remain white evangelical Christians (+56) and whites without a college degree (+28).

Clinton has commanding leads among blacks (+77 points), unmarried women (+27), voters under 30 (+18), and women (+10).  First-time voters are also more likely to back her (+16).

The candidates garner almost equal backing among the party faithful:  83 percent of Democrats back Clinton, while 81 percent of Republicans support Trump.

“To be competitive, Trump needs to consolidate support among Republicans and carry independents,” says Republican pollster Daron Shaw.  “That’s where he’s made in-roads in the last week, mostly by focusing his attention on the economy and Obamacare.”   Shaw conducts the Fox News Poll with Democratic counterpart Chris Anderson.

Trump’s substantive strength is the economy.  He’s trusted over Clinton by four points, yet that’s the only issue where he bests her.  More trust Clinton to handle foreign policy (+15 points), immigration (+3), and terrorism (+3).

Who would voters put across the table with Russian President Vladimir Putin?  More trust Clinton to negotiate with Putin by 3 points (47-44 percent among registered voters).  That’s down from a 13-point lead on this measure in April (53-40 percent).

All in all, likely voters don’t think Trump is up to the task:  less than half think he’s qualified to be president (46 percent) and even fewer feel he has the temperament to serve effectively (36 percent).  Plus, over half lack confidence in his judgment in a crisis (56 percent).

Clinton trounces Trump on each of those measures:  64 percent believe she’s qualified, 62 percent say she has the temperament, and 56 percent are confident in her judgment.

Plus, Clinton continues to receive more positive personal ratings.  She has a net negative rating of eight points (45 favorable vs. 53 unfavorable), while Trump is underwater by 14 (42 favorable vs. 56 unfavorable).  In addition, when undecided voters and those backing third-party candidates are combined, 26 percent have a favorable view of Clinton vs. 18 percent for Trump.

Yet despite Trump’s weaknesses on traits, it’s still a tight race.  That’s because, at least in part, lots of folks prioritize issues when deciding their vote.  By a 59-28 percent margin, more say their decision is about the issues as opposed to the character of the candidates.  Those backing Trump are more likely to be voting on issues than character by a wide 57-point margin (73-16 percent).  For Clinton supporters, the choice is more about issues by 12 points (47-35 percent).

Compared to 2008, this is a more character driven election.  At that time, voters said issues were more important than personal qualities by a 71-14 percent margin.

""The bottom hasn't fallen out for Trump and Clinton hasn't pulled away, but the race isn’t as close as the 3-point lead suggests,” says Anderson.  “Trump needs a solid majority of undecided voters and wavering supporters of third-party candidates, and that’s extremely unlikely since most of them think he lacks the judgment, temperament, and qualifications to be president.""

There are a couple of areas where the two are about evenly matched.  First, 52 percent feel Clinton “stands up” for people like them, and 49 percent feel that way about Trump.

Also on their honesty -- or lack thereof:  a record-low 30 percent of likely voters think Clinton is honest and trustworthy, while 34 percent say Trump is.

Here are five additional takeaways from the poll.

- 63 percent of Trump’s supporters believe things in the United States generally favor “other people,” rather than people like them.  Forty-four percent of Clinton’s supporters feel that way.

- Twice as many voters expect Clinton to win as think Trump will (64-26 percent).  Fully 86 percent of Democrats think Clinton will win, while 49 percent of Republicans think Trump will.

- Trump supporters (34 percent) are more than three times as likely as Clinton supporters (10 percent) to say they won’t accept the election outcome if their candidate loses.  Eighty-eight percent of Clinton supporters say they’ll accept the outcome, up from 74 percent in September.

- The generic congressional ballot test is also tight:  47 percent back the Democratic candidate in their congressional district, while 45 percent support the Republican.  Among those backing the GOP congressional candidate, 79 percent go for Trump in the four-way presidential race.  Clinton gets 82 percent of those backing the Democratic candidate.

“Models suggest a 2-point Democratic advantage on the generic ballot would result in a gain of about 11 seats in the House and 4 in the Senate,” says Shaw.  “That means the GOP would retain an edge of about 20 seats in the House, while the Senate would be very much up for grabs.”

- The political parties are about evenly matched in popularity among likely voters.  The Democratic Party has a net positive rating of four points (51 percent favorable vs. 47 percent unfavorable).  The Republican Party has a net negative rating by just one point (48 percent favorable vs. 49 percent unfavorable).

The Fox News Poll is based on landline and cellphone interviews with 1,309 randomly chosen registered voters nationwide and was conducted under the joint direction of Anderson Robbins Research (D) and Shaw & Company Research (R) from October 22-25, 2016.  The survey includes results among 1,221 likely voters.  The margin of sampling error is plus or minus 2.5 percentage points for results among both registered and likely voters.",1
4593,Donald Trump’s success reveals a frightening weakness in American democracy,"As the Constitutional Convention of 1787 ended, Ben Franklin walked out of Philadelphia’s Independence Hall to find an anxious crowd. According to a diary entry recorded by James McHenry, a signatory to the Constitution, a woman from Philadelphia was the first to speak to Franklin.

""Well, doctor,” she asked, “what have we got, a republic or a monarchy?""

""A republic,” Franklin famously replied. “If you can keep it.""

Perhaps we cannot.

This reads like hyperbole. But is it? Consider, for a moment, the knife’s edge on which the republic rests. The election is 24 hours away. As I write this, Donald Trump is 1.8 points behind Hillary Clinton in the RealClearPolitics polling average. And here is what we know of Donald Trump.

He is a man who routinely praises dictators. Of Vladimir Putin, Trump said, ""He's running his country, and at least he's a leader, unlike what we have in this country."" Of Kim Jong Un, Trump said, ""You've got to give him credit. He goes in, he takes over, and he's the boss. It's incredible."" Of Saddam Hussein, Trump said, ""He killed terrorists. He did that so good. They didn't read them the rights.""

It’s not just that Trump admires authoritarians; it’s that the thing he admires about them is their authoritarianism — their ability to dispense with niceties like a free press, due process, and political opposition.

Trump has promised — in public, and repeatedly — to bring this hammer to American governance. He stood in a nationally televised debate and vowed to jail his opponent if elected. He has proposed strengthening libel laws to make it easier to cow the press and antitrust laws to punish Jeff Bezos and Amazon for the Washington Post’s coverage of his candidacy. In a recent speech at Gettysburg meant to preview his first 100 days in office, Trump said he would sue all of the women who accused him of sexual assault.

During rallies, Trump has exhorted his followers to assault protestors, and has promised to pay their legal fees if their thuggery leads to arrest. He has warned that the only way he could lose the election would be if it is rigged, and has suggested he may refuse to concede.

And all this ignores his more basic flaws. He is cruel, lazy, and reckless. He knows nothing of policy and has not bothered to find anything out. He is easily baited, reliant on sycophants, and prone to conspiracy theories. He is a bigot who slimed an American-born judge for his Mexican heritage and a misogynist who boasted that his celebrity gave him license to commit sexual assault. He has cast doubt on America’s commitment to the NATO alliance and offhandedly encouraged Saudi Arabia and Japan to build nuclear weapons. His business is rife with conflicts of interest, and his campaign has been amateurish and poorly managed.

Here is the compliment I can pay Donald Trump, and I pay it with real gratitude: He never hid who he was. Perhaps he lacked the self-control, or the self-awareness. Whatever the reason, he never obscured his authoritarian tendencies, his will to power, his sexism, his greed, his dishonesty, his racism, his thirst for vengeance.

And he is still only 1.8 points behind.

It is likely, though not certain, that Hillary Clinton will win on Tuesday. But even if she does, here is what must be said of American politics in 2016: We came within inches of electing Donald J. Trump president of the United States of America. We did this even knowing exactly what he stood for, exactly what he had threatened to do, exactly what kind of man he was.

A narrow Trump loss is another way of saying a near Trump win. A 3-point victory for Clinton implies that if Trump were merely a bit more self-disciplined, if he had not bragged about sexual assault while wearing a microphone, if his opponent’s pneumonia had lingered a bit longer, America would be ruled by a cruel narcissist with authoritarian ambitions. It will mean that if unemployment were a few percentage points higher, if the man who murdered two police officers last week had been brown rather than white, if Trump’s odd-bedfellows alliance of Russian hackers and angry FBI agents had been a bit more effective, Trump would have won.

Perhaps, on Tuesday, we will dodge the bullet. But we will still need to understand how we came to be standing in front of a gun.

There is a comforting and popular explanation for Trump’s rise: He is the product of an extraordinary period of economic pain, demographic anxiety, and elite backlash. This argument holds that the condition of the country — or at least the condition of Trump’s supporters — is catastrophic, and Trump’s rise is a response to the suffering.

This is reassuring; it makes Trump into a kind of political natural disaster, a hurricane that relied on a rare alignment of winds and rains and warmth, a combination that occurs once in lifetime and can be forgotten once it’s been survived.

But there is nothing in polls of national attitudes, or indicators of economic health, that reveals this moment as uniquely fertile for the rise of a strongman. In 1992, when Pat Buchanan ran for president on a Trump-like platform, unemployment was higher, consumer confidence was lower, and Americans reported themselves more dissatisfied with the state of the country. But Buchanan lost handily.

And as we have learned more about Trump’s supporters, and have come to understand more about the year in which he rose, these explanations have grown more and more strained.

The belief that Trump is a predictable reaction to acute economic duress crumbled before the finding that his primary voters had a median household income of $72,000 — well above both the national average and that of Clinton supporters.

The idea that Trumpism arose as a response to a stalled economy collapsed as America experienced its longest sustained run of private sector job growth, and the highest single-year jump in median incomes, in modern history.

The idea that Trump was a reaction to failed trade deals and heavy competition from immigrants slammed into data showing support for him showed no relationship to lost manufacturing jobs and was strongest in areas without immigrant labor.

The idea that Trump is a reaction to historic disgust with American elites is at war with President Barack Obama’s approval ratings, which have risen above 50 percent and now match Ronald Reagan’s at this point in his presidency.

The reality is that the patterns of Trumpism, the trends of the US economy, and the polls measuring the American mood have stubbornly refused to fit the comforting theory that this is an extraordinary candidacy that could only emerge in an extraordinary moment. Indeed, if this were a period as thick with economic pain and anti-establishment sentiment as the pundits pretend, Trump’s victory would likely be assured.

Once you appreciate that fact, the lesson of Trumpism becomes much scarier: We are more vulnerable than we thought to reactionary strongmen. It can happen here.

To Americans of another era — particularly the founding era — it would seem bizarre that we are reaching so far, and straining so hard, to explain the popular appeal of a charismatic demagogue. As former Bush speechwriter Michael Gerson wrote:

The American political system is structured the way it is in part due to the founders’ fear of demagogues. It’s a reason why the American presidency is so weak, why the executive is checked by other branches, why the Senate’s members were originally selected by state legislators.

It is a credit to the long success of our political institutions that we think dangerous men can only win elections in far-off lands. And so it is the weakening of those institutions that demands our attention now.

Donald Trump’s nearness to the presidency rests on two separate accomplishments — or, if you prefer, two separate institutional failures — that are often conflated. The first is his victory in the Republican Party’s presidential primaries. The second is his consolidation of elite Republicans, and of the Republican-leaning electorate.

Trump won the GOP primaries with 13.8 million votes. The distance between those 13.8 million voters and the more than 60 million votes he is expected to receive tomorrow is vast, and was far from assured.

In 1972, for instance, George McGovern won the Democratic primary even though much of the Democratic Party viewed him with suspicion and even fear. Major Democratic interest groups, like the AFL-CIO, refused to endorse him in the general election, and top Democrats, including former governors of Florida, Texas, and Virginia, organized “Democrats for Nixon.” McGovern went on to lose with less than 40 percent of the vote, a dismal showing driven by Democrats who abandoned a nominee they considered unacceptable.

A similar path was possible for Trump. Elites within the Republican Party viewed him with horror. His primary opponents spoke of him in apocalyptic terms. Ted Cruz called Trump a ""pathological liar,"" ""utterly amoral,"" and ""a narcissist at a level I don't think this country's ever seen."" Rick Perry said Trump’s candidacy was ""a cancer on conservatism, and it must be clearly diagnosed, excised, and discarded."" Rand Paul said Trump is ""a delusional narcissist and an orange-faced windbag. A speck of dirt is way more qualified to be president."" Marco Rubio called him “dangerous,” and warned that we should not hand ""the nuclear codes of the United States to an erratic individual.""

And then every single one of those Republicans endorsed Trump. Ted Cruz told Americans to vote for the pathological liar. Rick Perry urged people to elect the cancer on conservatism. Rand Paul backed the delusional narcissist. Marco Rubio campaigned to hand the nuclear codes of the United States to an erratic individual.

The list goes on. Paul Ryan, the Republican speaker of the House of Representatives, has endorsed Trump, as has Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader, and Reince Priebus, the head of the Republican National Committee. Mike Pence, the governor of Indiana, commiserated with Dan Senor, a former Bush appointee, over the fact that Trump was “unacceptable” — and then became his vice president.

With this kind of elite consolidation, it’s little wonder that Trump has managed to consolidate Republican-leaning voters behind him. The final NBC/WSJ poll of the election found that 82 percent of likely Republican voters were supporting Trump — precisely matching the 82 percent of likely Democratic voters supporting Clinton. Trump did not get McGoverned.

There are two analyses that must be made of this. The first is moral. There are many Republicans who honestly believe Trump will make a good, or at least adequate, president; their endorsement of his candidacy is perfectly honorable, even if I think it wrongheaded. But many of the Republicans mentioned here believe Trump is a threat to world peace and to fundamental norms, values, and institutions of American democracy; their endorsements of his candidacy will stain the rest of their careers, and if he is elected, and if the worst comes to pass, they will be remembered by history for their abandonment of country.

The second analysis that must be made is structural. And, believe it or not, that’s where things get scary.

Political scientist Julia Azari has written the single most important sentence for understanding both Trump’s rise and this dangerous era in American politics: “The defining characteristic of our moment is that parties are weak while partisanship is strong.”

Here is the problem, in short: Parties, and particularly the Republican Party, can no longer control whom they nominate. But once they nominate someone — once they nominate anyone — that person is guaranteed the support of both the party’s elites and its voters. Unlike in McGovern’s day, when ticket splitting was common, any candidate able to win his party’s presidential primaries can now count on his party’s support, and so has a damn good chance of winning the presidency.

Political parties, and political party primaries, were traditionally bulwarks against demagogues rising in American politics — they were controlled by gatekeepers who acted as checks against charismatic demagogues. Donald Trump would never have made it through the convention horse-trading that used to drive nominations; he would never have survived a process that required support from party officials.

But in recent decades, we have slowly destroyed the ability of party officials to drive party primaries. What’s more, we have come to see party officials exercising influence as fundamentally illegitimate.

“Political scientists think of parties as the fundamental building blocks of democracy, and people think of them as the impediment to democracy,” says Hans Noel, a political scientist at Georgetown University. “In other systems, you wouldn’t even have primaries — the whole thing would happen at a party convention. But here, when the DNC makes choices that influence the outcome of a primary, that looks undemocratic.”

The results have been stark. The reigning political science theory of primaries going into this election was known as “The Party Decides,” and it stated, basically, that party elites controlled primary outcomes by driving money, media attention, and endorsements.

No single idea has been as decisively wrecked by 2016 as that one. And when you examine the reasons for its failure, you see they are unlikely to end with Trump.

Money turned out to be much less important to winning primaries than anyone thought — just ask Jeb Bush, who spent $130 million only to be humiliated, even as Trump spent almost nothing to win. Moreover, the internet keeps making it easier to fundraise off an energized base — a dynamic that is empowering high-enthusiasm outsider candidates like Bernie Sanders and Ted Cruz and weakening party establishments and the big-dollar donors they control.

Similarly, parties used to drive media attention by signaling to reporters which candidates to take seriously. But that process, too, has been democratized — social media makes it easy to communicate with supporters directly and made it more valuable for audience-hungry media outlets to cover the candidates with intense fan bases that send stories viral across Facebook or Reddit. That, again, favors exciting outsiders with enthusiastic supporters over vetted establishment grinds.

But the primary resource party officials have when influencing primary elections is the trust of voters. That’s why endorsements are important, and have traditionally been predictive of the eventual winner: They represent party officials using the credibility they have built with their voters to persuade them of whom to vote for.

Trump didn’t have any Republican endorsements to speak of until he had already won a slew of primaries. But the void of official support arguably helping him — it was proof that he really was untouched and untainted by the unpopular GOP establishment. This represented the Republican Party failing at the most basic job of a political party: Helping its voters make good decisions. The GOP’s elites have so totally lost the faith of their base that their efforts to persuade Republican voters were ignored at best and counterproductive at worst.

But this also presents a puzzle: If partisans have lost so much faith in their party establishments, then why are they so much likelier to back whomever their party nominates? The answer, in short, is fear and loathing of the other party.

Since 1964, the American National Election Studies have been asking Republicans and Democrats to describe their feelings toward the other party on a scale that runs from cold and negative to warm and positive. In 1964, 31 percent of Republicans had cold, negative feelings toward the Democratic Party, and 32 percent of Democrats had cold, negative feelings toward the Republican Party. By 2012, that had risen to 77 percent of Republicans and 78 percent of Democrats.

Today, fully 45 percent of Republicans, and 41 percent of Democrats, believe the other party’s policies “threaten the nation’s well-being.” This fear is strongest among the most politically involved. Which makes sense: You're more likely to take an active interest in American politics if you think the stakes are high. But that means the people driving American politics — and particularly the people driving low-turnout party primaries — have the most apocalyptic view of the other side.

This is driven by the reality that the two parties have grown more ideologically distant from each other, and so the stakes of elections really have grown larger. In 1994, 34 percent of Republicans were more liberal than the median Democrat, and 30 percent of Democrats were more conservative than the median Republican. Today only 8 percent of Republicans are more liberal than the median Democrat, and only 6 percent of Democrats are more conservative than the median Republican.

And polarization begets polarization. The angrier and more fearful partisans are, the more of a market there is for media that makes them yet angrier and yet more fearful. It is no accident that the CEO of Breitbart News, a hyper-ideological conservative media outlet that specializes in scaring the hell out of its audience, is leading Trump’s campaign. One reason Trump has been able to consolidate Republican support is that Republican-leaning media has convinced itself, and its base, that the alternative to Trump is a criminal who belongs in jail. This offers a rationale for voting Republican even if you don’t particularly like your candidate: a majority of Trump voters say they are voting against Clinton rather than for Trump.

This raises the possibility that Trump’s support from Republicans is merely an artifact of Clinton’s unpopularity. I’m skeptical. Before they had convinced themselves Clinton is a criminal, many Republicans — led by Trump — convinced themselves Obama was born in Kenya and constitutionally ineligible to serve as president. And while those attacks were driving Obama’s popularity down, Clinton’s numbers were so high that it became fashionable to speculate over whether Obama needed to replace Joe Biden with Clinton to win reelection.

Clinton’s weaknesses are real, but her unpopularity among Republicans is structural — her four percent approval rating among Republicans isn’t so far off from the six percent Obama registered at the end of the 2012 election.

“We’ve got this online media where the profits are driven by controversy and clicks,” Sarah Rumpf, a former Breitbart writer, told Vox. “It’s just an activism problem in general, where it’s easier to fundraise and easier to get members when you can declare an emergency, when you can declare a crisis, when you can identify an enemy.”

This helps explain the unified party support for Donald Trump. Republican officeholders are terrified that if they don’t support him, or are seen as in any way contributing to Clinton’s election, they’ll face the wrath of their conservative base and be defeated in the primary challenges that the Tea Party used to such devastating effect in 2010 and 2012. Paul Ryan got a taste of this after distancing himself from Trump after the release of the Access Hollywood tape: His popularity plummeted, and a majority of Republicans said they preferred to see Trump representing the party than Ryan.

So here, then, is the key failure point in modern American politics, and observing it in action requires looking no further than the Republican Party: Voters’ dislike of their own party has broken the primary process, but fear of the opposition has guaranteed unified party support to the nominee. That means whoever manages to win a flawed competition dominated by the angriest, most terrified partisans ends within spitting distance of the presidency.

Party primaries were traditionally bulwarks against demagogues rising in American politics. Now they are the method by which they will rise.

“The thing I keep coming back to is the Muslim ban,” says MSNBC’s Chris Hayes. “That was an actual policy he called for while running for president, and if you switched in Jews for Muslims, it was immediately clear what it was. And it wasn’t disqualifying. To me, that was so, so upsetting.”

Hayes is the author of the book Twilight of the Elites, and he has spent a lot of time thinking about elite failures. And there were elite failures that led to Trump: the anger left over from the Iraq War, and from the financial crisis, is certainly part of his rise. But the other problem with elites this year is harder to talk about: They were underpowered.

“The gatekeepers have been extraordinarily diminished,” Hayes says. “The best example of this, to me, is the newspaper editorial page. It’s the ultimate old-school gatekeeper. I find it so remarkable that the Columbus Dispatch, USA Today, all these gatekeepers have come to the proper, correct conclusion on Trump, and said, ‘No fucking way!’ But no one cares. They don’t control the gate. They can lock the gate and someone can walk around it three feet down the fence.”

Elites are often blamed for Trump’s rise — he is said to be the backlash to their failures, their corruption, their obliviousness, their self-dealing, their cosmopolitanism, their condescension. All that may be true, but past moments in American politics have also featured angry voters, out-of-touch elites, and social problems. Those moments, however, featured political and media gatekeepers with more power, and so Trump-like candidates were destroyed in primaries, or at conventions, or by a press that paid them little mind.

Now, however, traditional gatekeepers have neither the power nor the cultural capital to stop Trump-like candidates. And in the Republican Party, where the collapse of institutional authority is most severe and most dangerous, the aftermath of a Trump loss will further weaken the party’s center, as Trump’s supporters turn on the elites whose tepid backing, they will argue, doomed their candidate. Sean Hannity, for instance, has already called Paul Ryan a “saboteur,” and Breitbart published an article headlined “He’s with her: Inside Paul Ryan’s months-long campaign to elect Hillary Clinton president.’”

It is hard to see how the Republican Party’s core institutions or top officials emerge strengthened if Trump loses narrowly, and it is likely that they will be effectively replaced, co-opted, or hollowed out if he wins.

Meanwhile, the social conditions that led to Trump — the rapid browning of America foremost among them — will persist and even accelerate. Already, nonwhites make up a majority of children under 3 years old. The country is on a fast path to becoming majority minority, and many white male voters will continue to perceive this change as a loss in both status and political power, which, in some ways, it is. Eventually, these conditions will run into a recession that brings with it much sharper economic pain.

This is not to say Republicans will always, or even routinely, nominate candidates as dangerous as Trump. Much had to go wrong for him to be nominated. But having been nominated, much will have to go right for the country not to elect him, and more will have to go right for it to not elect someone like him in the future. The lesson of this unnerving year is that less can be taken for granted than we thought — the American people are not immune to demagogues, and the American political system is too weakened to reliably stop them. America, like all the world’s other countries, is vulnerable to catastrophic political failure. It can happen here.

Trump will likely lose on Tuesday. But if he loses, it will be because he is a crude, undisciplined demagogue. The world also produces clever, disciplined demagogues. And they are the ones who truly threaten republics.",1
183,"Congress moves to kill union election rules, setting up new Obama veto","President Obama is expected to deliver the fourth veto of his presidency after Congress passed legislation Thursday overturning new union election rules which labor groups believe could help boost membership but business groups say will leave employers at a disadvantage during organizing drives.

Opponents of the new rules, issued last year by the National Labor Relations Board and set to take effect next month, refer to them as allowing ""ambush elections,"" because they could allow a representation election to take place in less than two weeks after an official petition is filed. Under current rules, those elections can take place no sooner than 25 days after filing, and often take place considerably later than that.

The U.S. Chamber of Commerce, for instance, said the rules would ""stack the deck against employers"" and ""virtually eliminate employers' opportunities to communicate their views, stifling a full and robust debate among employees about unionization.""

The NLRB, however, said the new rules represent a long-delayed update to union election procedures, one ""designed to remove unnecessary barriers to the fair and expeditious resolution of representation questions"" by streamlining procedures and allowing for modern electronic communications instead of paper-based filings.

Major labor groups strongly support the changes. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka called them ""modest but important reforms"" that would ""help reduce delay in the process and make it easier for workers to vote on forming a union in a timely manner.""

""Too often, lengthy and unnecessary litigation over minor issues bogs down the election process and prevents workers from getting the vote they want,"" Trumka said in December.

The Senate approved the bill this month, 53 to 46, on a party-line vote that had Republicans in favor of overturning the rules and Democrats opposed. The House voted Thursday, also largely along party lines, 232 to 186.

The Obama administration indicated March 3 that the president is likely to veto the bill, saying the new rules will help ""level the playing field for workers so they can more freely choose to make their voice heard.""

The bill comes to Obama's desk amid tensions with labor groups over his pursuit of fast-track trade authority to complete the sweeping Trans-Pacific Partnership trade accords.

Should Obama use the veto, it would be his second since Republicans took control of the U.S. Senate. Last month, he vetoed a bill mandating approval of the Keystone XL pipeline; the Senate came five votes short of overriding the veto.",1
4953,Gary Johnson Avoids Typical Third-Party Fade; Best Polling Since Perot in ‘92,"A couple of weeks ago in this space I pushed back against assertions by FiveThirtyEight number-cruncher Harry Enten that Gary Johnson's polls have been ""trending downwards,"" indicating that ""voters may be moving away from third-party options."" Well, today Enten is back with an interesting piece headlined ""Gary Johnson Isn't Fading.""

While noting what we have been warning you about here for years—third-party candidates typically see their crest of polling support halved by Election Day, according to Gallup—Enten explains that Johnson's numbers have so far not followed this pattern. In fact, the Libertarian may have already weathered the most difficult part of the calendar: ""Most third-party candidates didn't lose that much support between late summer and Election Day,"" Enten writes. ""Besides John Anderson in 1980, no candidate ended up finishing more than 3 percentage points below where they were polling in late August. The average drop-off is about 2 percentage points.""

So how does Johnson's 9 percent stack up at this point in the campaign against other third-party candidates since World War II? According to numbers compiled by Enten here, fourth place, behind Ross Perot in 1992 (20 percent then, finished at 19), George Wallace in '68 (17/14), and Anderson in '80 (14/7). He's just a tick above Perot in '96 (8/8), behind which nobody comes close (sorry, Libertarians!). Because of his staying power, FiveThirtyEight has adjusted its predictions for Johnson's final vote upward, to 7.1 percent.

But what about the debates, I hear you ask. Well, while #TeamGov and its supporters are touting this new Qunnipiac poll showing 62 percent of Americans think the Libertarian should be in next month's televised showdown, that and a glass of water will get you a drink. As Enten notes, Johnson may not be fading, but he's also not particularly rising, either, and there's a whole lotta real estate between 9 and the required 15 percent. The L.P. ticket did reach a new high this week in the Quinnipiac poll (10 percent, up from 8 percent in June), and tied previous highs in polls by NBC News/Survey Monkey (11 percent), Rasmussen Reports (9 percent), and Reuters/Ipsos (7 percent), but at this advanced date, ties go to the loser.

Looking for a glimmer of hope? Here's one intriguing gap in the numerical record. Of the Commission on Presidential Debates' determinative Big Five polls, in which Johnson has been averaging 10 percent instead of 9, none of them have produced results in the last three weeks. Beginning any minute now, we should have a much clearer idea whether the Libertarians are rising in the polls that actually matter.",1
1151,Bernie has already won the future of the Democratic Party,"As the Democratic presidential contest reaches the third state, what began as a coronation is now an exciting dead heat. Yet by one measure, Bernie Sanders is ­already a clear winner.

Regardless of whether the senator from Vermont captures the actual nomination, he has won the future of the Democratic Party.

Sanders is demolishing the last remnants of the old order, as represented by Hillary Clinton and her split-the-difference triangulation. It is Sanders, not she, who is the true heir of the radical politics of Barack Obama.

Calling a paradigm shift is like forecasting a recession — predict it often enough and you’ll eventually be right. Yet the developments unfolding before our eyes suggest the Democratic Party is undergoing a massive change. And a 74-year-old socialist is the architect.

A major piece of evidence is the enormous youth vote he attracts. In Iowa and New Hampshire, he beat Clinton by about 70 points — 84 percent to 15 percent — among voters under age 30. And despite the nasty demands by Madeleine Albright and Gloria Steinem that women must support Clinton, Sanders got 82 percent of the young female vote.

By contrast, Obama in the 2008 primaries typically beat Clinton among young people by about 20 points. With studies showing that most people stay in their first political party for many years, the young, ultra-liberal voters who turned out for Obama, and who are being joined by the Sanders wave, could dominate the party for a generation.

Click to read Goodwin’s full column in the New York Post.

Michael Goodwin is a Fox News contributor and New York Post columnist.",1
18,How Planned Parenthood could shut down the government,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
1351,Democratic debate: 's Reality Check team inspects the claims,"(CNN) The Democratic candidates for president gathered in New Hampshire Thursday for their fifth debate, and CNN's Reality Check team spent the night putting their statements and assertions to the test.

The team of reporters, researchers and editors across CNN listened throughout the debate, selecting key statements and rating them either true; mostly true; true, but misleading; false; or it's complicated.

As in past debates, Hillary Clinton took on Bernie Sanders' voting record on gun control legislation. Thursday night, it came up regarding a debate over who is the true ""progressive candidate.""

Clinton said, ""If we're going to get into labels, I don't think it was particularly progressive to vote against the Brady Bill five times. I don't think it was progressive to vote to give gun makers and sellers immunity,"" referring to Sanders' voting record.

So, regarding the Brady Bill, what is Sanders' record?

There were several votes in that bill's evolution, the first vote coming in 1991. Sanders voted against a draft that required a seven-day waiting period for background checks. A subsequent version of the bill returned to the House and Sanders voted against it. Then, in 1993, two more drafts returned to the House, and Sanders voted against those. Finally, later in 1993, the Brady Bill finally passed, but without Sanders' vote.

Sanders has defended his votes, saying that it constituted federal overreach.

Sanders also added, ""I am absolutely willing, as I've said for many, many weeks, if not months, to take another look at that piece of legislation.""

Though Sanders may have his reasons for voting against the Brady Bill, Clinton's claim that he voted against it five times is true.

The topic of big money influencing American politics was raised by Sanders, who said it was ""undermining American democracy.""

Clinton attempted to distance herself from perceptions her campaign is influenced by Wall Street interests, saying, ""I think the best evidence that the Wall Street people, at least, know where I stand and where I have always stood is because they are trying to beat me in this primary.""

It was a refrain she used in Wednesday night's town hall, too: ""Everybody that I know who looks at what's happening in this campaign sees the same thing: The Wall Street interests, the money interests, the Republican political interests are spending a lot of money to try to defeat me.""

Wall Street interests may be spending a lot in support of her opponents, but of all the candidates, Clinton is the leading recipient of donations from individuals in the securities and investments industry.

Clinton implies that Wall Street has no fondness for her. But given that her campaign received $2.9 million from securities and investment donors, the most of all the candidates, Republican or Democrat, our verdict is false.

Clinton accused Sanders of not telling voters the truth about his proposals, particularly his Medicare-for-all plan.

""I am not going to talk about big ideas like single-payer and then not level with people about how much it will cost. A respected health economist said these plans would cost a trillion dollars more a year. I'm not going to tell people that I will raise your incomes and not your taxes and not mean it,"" Clinton said.

Actually, according to that health economist, Gerald Friedman of the University of Massachusetts Amherst, Sanders' universal health care plan would cost nearly $1.4 trillion a year.

But Sanders has recently been upfront about how much it will cost. He released Friedman's assessment alongside his plan for Medicare-for-all last month.

Also, Sanders has acknowledged that the plan calls for a new 2.2% income tax on all Americans and a 6.2% levy on employers, as well as additional taxes on the wealthy. The Vermont senator, however, argues that ultimately middle class Americans will save money under his health plan because they will no longer pay premiums to private insurers.

Reality Check: Clinton on classified information in her emails

Clinton claimed she ""never sent or received any classified material"" when she was secretary of state, and the State Department is ""retroactively classifying"" information in her emails.

It is true that all the classifications we've seen in emails released by the State Department have been retroactive, meaning the State Department determined there was a need to classify the information as they were preparing the emails for release and so they ""upgraded"" it to classified.

The State Department also maintains that none of Clinton's official emails (of the 85% reviewed and released so far) contained information that was marked as classified when it was sent.

All of the classified redactions the public has seen so far have been the result of retroactive classifications, but the investigation into whether the information was classified during her time in office is ongoing. For that reason, our verdict is it's complicated.

During a back-and-forth about health care, Sanders pointed to his role in Congress during the creation of the Affordable Care Act.

""I am on the Health, Education, Labor Committee. That committee wrote the Affordable Care Act. The idea that I would dismantle health care in America while we're waiting to pass a Medicare-for-all is just not accurate,"" Sanders said, adding later: ""I helped write that bill, but by moving forward, rallying the American people, I do believe we should have health care for all.""

Sanders did indeed sit on the Senate panel that helped craft the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, and used his post to advocate loudly for a single-payer system in which insurance is provided by the government to all citizens.

Sanders wasn't alone; many liberal Democrats pushed for such a provision when crafting comprehensive health care reform. But the single-payer option proved to be divisive, and opposed by most Republicans.

That led to the development of alternative mechanisms to get more Americans insured: the establishment of marketplaces for Americans to purchase health insurance, and an individual mandate requiring all Americans obtain coverage.

When Sanders' preferred version of the bill failed to come up for a vote, he diverted his focus instead to securing the inclusion of billions of dollars in funding to community health centers.

But he remained skeptical of a bill that didn't include a single-payer plan. Indeed, in the months leading up to a final vote on the bill, Sanders voiced doubt that he could support the version that lacked such a system (ultimately, he did vote for the Affordable Care Act).

While Sanders played a major role in the debate over health care reform, and helped craft an $11 billion inclusion into the final measure, his claim to have ""helped write"" the measure misrepresents his part in creating the central pillars of Obamacare.

Reality Check: Sanders as the longest serving independent in the history of Congress

Sanders, a Vermont independent, stressed his longevity and independence on Thursday when he said, ""I am the longest serving independent in the history of the United States Congress.""

Sanders was first elected to the House of Representatives as an independent from Vermont in 1990 and assumed office in January 1991. He won his Vermont Senate seat in 2006. As a result, although he caucuses with the Democratic Party, Sanders has been an independent in Congress for 25 years.

This 25-year tenure is indeed the longest of an independent member of Congress.

Byrd was first elected to the House in 1932 as a Democrat. He entered the Senate in 1965 and switched parties to become an independent in 1970 after a clash with the Democratic Party leadership in the run-up to the 1972 presidential election. He left office in 1983, giving him 13 years as an independent.

Unlike Byrd, Davis, who had been an associate justice of the Supreme Court and was appointed by Abraham Lincoln, initially assumed office as an independent in 1877 and left office in 1883, giving him six years in Congress as an independent.

Sanders' 25 years in Congress is easily the longest span as an independent.

Sanders threw an elbow at some of the country's largest financial institutions.

""Six financial institutions in America today have assets of roughly $10 trillion, equivalent to 58% of the (gross domestic product) of the United States of America. That is a lot of money,"" Sanders said.

The six largest financial institutions are JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Citigroup, Wells Fargo, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, as of September 2015, according to the Federal Reserve Bank.

So, doing the math: $9,845,804,000,000 (assets) / $18,128,200,000,000 (GDP) =.5431

Accordingly, the assets of the six largest institutions equal roughly 54% of the GDP.

Reality Check: Sanders 'endorsed' by New Hampshire newspaper

Asked by MSNBC's Rachel Maddow why his campaign put up an ad insinuating that he was endorsed by the Nashua Telegraph, Sanders said that his campaign was careful never to say he was ""endorsed"" by a newspaper.

""As I understand it, we did not suggest we had the endorsement of the newspaper. Newspapers who make endorsements also say positive things about other candidates and to the best of my knowledge that is what we did. So we never said, never said that somebody, a newspaper, endorsed us that did not. What we did say is, 'Blah blah blah blah' was said by the newspaper,"" Sanders said.

However, in the next clip, the ad said that The Valley News of Lebanon, New Hampshire, ""endorsed"" Sanders. That paper did not endorse Sanders.

The Clinton campaign and fact-checkers hit him throughout the day Wednesday and Thursday for the spot and the Sanders campaign eventually revised the ad to remove the ""endorsed"" language.

Discussing the need for reforms improving access to care at the Department of Veterans Affairs, Sanders said that a group funded by the Koch brothers is promoting the privatization of the agency. An organization called Concerned Veterans for America is sanctioned by the influential conservative siblings, Sanders said.

Wayne Gable, CVA's chief executive and trustee, is also a board member of a Koch-backed organization called Freedom Partners, according to a 2013 tax filing. That filing lists CVA as the business name of an affiliated organization called Vets for Economic Freedom Trust. The filing states the tax exempt group had $3 million in contributions and a nearly equal amount of expenditures, money allegedly spent advocating for ""policies that will preserve the freedom and liberty that veterans and their families so proudly fought and sacrificed to defend.""

The group produced an anti-Obamacare web video in 2013, ""Government Health Care Equals Disaster,"" suggesting that the scandal at the VA was a prelude to a looming disaster prompted by the passage of the Affordable Care Act.

Unfortunately, the CVA has a glossy, yet glitchy website and there is not much documentation of the group's financials and its staff post-2013. According to the Guidestar charity finder, the organization has not yet filed its IRS 990 form for 2014. Furthermore, its affiliated group, Vets for Economic Freedom Trust is not a verified exempt organization, according to the IRS exempt check search tool.

Sanders is correct in describing the group's Koch lineage and its intent. Our verdict is true.",1
3944,World overlooks Ethiopia drought crisis that is leaving millions hungry,"FENTALE, Ethiopia — Sitting in the blistering sun as she cradles her 2-month-old baby, Genet Tamisat is one of hundreds of mothers waiting to have their children checked for malnutrition, as Ethiopia faces its worst drought in decades.

“I have nothing to eat at home. I can’t even buy maize by myself,” said Tamisat, who also has a 4-year-old son. “People can look at us and think we’re OK, but we are in great danger. We have nothing.”

Despite the crisis confronting Tamisat and millions of other Ethiopians lacking food and drinking water, a world caught up in strife is paying insufficient attention to their plight, because it is distracted by other urgent needs.

The government and the United Nations are trying to raise $1.4 billion to feed 10.2 million Ethiopians, but only half has come through so far, as the wars in Syria and Yemen plus the migrant crisis dominate the news.

“Fundraising for this response has been very slow,"" said Chege Ngugi, national director of the charity ChildFund Ethiopia. ""My priority is to support the efforts of the government of Ethiopia to save lives, but we’re not reaching everybody.”

A strong El Nino has blocked two consecutive rainy seasons that normally nourish crops that feed 85% of the country. The drought has forced the government to find additional food aid from the United States and other donors.

The U.S. Agency for International Development dispatched an response team to Ethiopia to provide emergency assistance that includes nearly $4 million in corn and wheat seeds for more than 200,000 families.

Here in the Oromia region, which includes central Ethiopia, the land is arid as far as the eye can see. Animal carcasses — some fresh, some old — are scattered across patches of dusty earth.

Humanitarian needs in this Horn of Africa country have tripled since the start of 2015 as the situation deteriorates.

Malnutrition rates in the worst-affected areas have surpassed 20% — higher than the World Health Organization’s emergency threshold of 15%, said Challiss McDonough, regional spokeswoman for the U.N.'s World Food Programme.

This year, the food program will help more than 2 million children, pregnant women and breast-feeding mothers suffering from moderate acute malnutrition.

The U.N.’s children’s fund, UNICEF, estimates that almost 500,000 children need treatment for severe acute malnutrition.

“Even with interventions, the situation is getting worse,” said Eyoel Lemma, who works at ChildFund Ethiopia in Fentale.

He said ChildFund, with help from the U.N., also provides supplementary food and malnutrition treatment to children under age 5. But that becomes a major difficulty as families migrate to different areas looking for water and pasture for their livestock, as well as to find jobs.

As a result, many people miss out on the food rationing programs.

One woman on the move is Haso Bultum, 27. After hours of walking in the sun across barren mountains, she reached a rural health care facility here in Fentale with her malnourished 9-month-old twins.

“It’s very hard. I’ve had no sleep, because we’re trying to find some food for our cattle,” she said. “To save ourselves we’re constantly moving.”

While Ethiopia has the fastest growing economy in the world and has lifted millions of citizens out of poverty, the reality is that 80% of Ethiopians are still dependent on agriculture.

McDonough from the World Fund Programme warned that her organization could run out of food within two months.

“We have been calling for urgent funding for months now, and still have only about a quarter of the resources that we need for the next six months. Unless we receive significant new funding very soon, we could start running out of food for relief assistance by May,” McDonough said.

Samuel Ferfu, manager of the Children’s and Family Charitable Organization in Fentale, said another major issue is the lack of access to water. Almost 6 million people need emergency water, according to UNICEF.

“There’s no water at all — the river is dry,” he said. “No water makes sanitation impossible, and as a result, the prevalence of disease will increase.”

For the time being, Ethiopians are praying that rain will reach the worst-affected areas, but flooding is a serious risk after a lengthy drought.

“Soon the rain will come, and people’s worries will be flooding. But they have nothing except their homes to lose. They’ve already lost all their animals and crops,” said Lemma from ChildFund Ethiopia.

For Tamisat, 27, and her young children, talk of rain in the coming months is a false hope.

“We have no water and no food,"" she said, wiping sweat off her forehead. ""I don’t know what is coming for the future, but I have no hope about the rain.”",1
3285,Tom Cotton calls for ‘global military dominance’ in maiden Senate speech,"Over the course of just a few days last week, Tom Cotton (R-Ark.) went from relatively anonymous freshman senator to what seemed like the tip of every tongue in Washington --  thanks to the letter he wrote and got 46 fellow Republicans to join, warning the ruling Iranian regime to be wary of negotiating a nuclear deal with President Obama.

But here's a fun fact: Cotton made his big splash before even giving his first speech on the Senate floor.

That occasion came late Monday, when Cotton delivered his ""maiden speech,"" which is typically given after a period of silence and as a statement of principles or objectives rather than a comment on the partisan issue of the day.

Cotton's address has gotten a lot less attention than his Iran letter, and that is not surprising: Where the letter was terse and seemingly calculated to influence the multiparty nuclear negotiations now underway, the half-hour speech was dense, rich in historical references, and calibrated to further establish Cotton as the Republican Party's young leading light on foreign affairs and defense -- positioning him to assume the mantle now worn by elders like John McCain (R-Ariz.) and Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.).

""An alarm should be sounding in our ears,"" Cotton said. ""Our enemies, sensing weakness and hence opportunity, have become steadily more aggressive. Our allies, uncertain of our commitment and capability, have begun to conclude that they must look out for themselves, even where it is unhelpful to stability and order. Our military, suffering from years of neglect, has seen its relative strength decline to historic levels.""

The speech contained numerous references to Winston Churchill and Cotton compared the current foreign policy moment to the prelude to World War II. He articulated a litany of national security threats, ranging from Iran to North Korea to Russia, but the speech was notable for the hard line it took on a question now threatening to divide Capitol Hill Republicans as they try to write a 2017 budget: Is it more important to control federal spending or strengthen the national defense?

Cotton was clear: America must have ""such hegemonic strength that no sane adversary would ever imagine challenging the United States. 'Good enough' is not and will never be good enough.""  That strength, he said, should come at whatever the necessary costs. While the budget must be slashed, it should not be balanced on the backs of the military.

“Our enemies and allies alike must know that aggressors will pay an unspeakable price for challenging the United States,"" Cotton said. ""The best way to impose that price is global military dominance.”

An excerpt from his full speech:

Trying to balance the budget through defense cuts is both counterproductive and impossible. First, the threats we face will eventually catch up with us, as they did on Sept. 11, and we will have no choice but to increase our defense budget. When we do, it will cost more to achieve the same end state of readiness and modernization than it would have without the intervening cuts. This was the lesson we learned in the 1980s after the severe cuts to defense in the 1970s. Second, we need a healthy, growing economy to generate the government revenue necessary to fund our military and balance the budget. In our globalized world, our domestic prosperity depends heavily on the world economy, which, of course, requires stability and order. Who provides that stability and order? The U.S. military.",1
4760,Trump has a challenge with white women: ‘You just want to smack him’,"With just five weeks of campaigning left, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are scrambling to win over female voters in America’s suburbs as well-educated white women have emerged as perhaps the presidential campaign’s most pivotal swing voting group.

The Democratic and Republican nominees and their surrogates are making direct appeals to female voters in campaign appearances in the suburbs of North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania and other battleground states; in television ads on channels such as Bravo and shows such as “Dancing With the Stars”; and on Facebook, where people’s feeds inundate them with campaign commentary.

But polls and focus groups, as well as interviews with women here in the battleground state of New Hampshire, show that Trump — who spent the past week haranguing a Latina former beauty queen over her weight — has a considerable challenge with many female voters.

“It’s very clear that Trump is doing extremely well among white non-college-educated men . . . but white women with a college degree is a huge impediment to getting where he needs to be,” said Whit Ayres, a veteran Republican pollster. “I’m not sure what he can do about it given all the comments he’s made about women over the last 15 months.”

Trump’s troubles were evident here in Nashua, a commuter exurb of Boston, where six women in a knitting circle were lounging on the couches and armchairs of a yarn shop the other day talking about — what else? — Trump. They were Republicans, Democrats and independents, all of them moms — and all of them ready to give him a permanent timeout.

“You just want to smack him,” said Pam Harrison, 56, who voted for Republican Mitt Romney four years ago.

Watching Trump debate reminded Kristen Schwartz, 40, of dinner-table conversations with her in-laws: “It’s not polite to interrupt people, but if you stop to breathe or think about your point, they just talk over you and the conversation just gets louder and louder and louder.”

In an unnerving campaign season, what keeps their anxieties in check is the belief of Sandy Zielie, 46, the shop’s owner: “Women are going to save this country this election.”

Female voters may not save the country in the way the knitters of Nashua would like, but they almost certainly will swing the election. Clinton and Trump are targeting many intersecting groups and subgroups of swing voters, but strategists for both campaigns said white women with college degrees are at the top of their lists.

[Trump’s bad week is a ‘nightmare’ for the GOP]

Trump’s temperament has been a flash point since he entered the race, especially among women. So it was that many of Clinton’s surgical strikes against Trump in their first debate were designed to sow fresh doubts, especially when Clinton recounted how he had shamed Venezuelan-born Alicia Machado, the 1996 Miss Universe pageant winner, for gaining weight. The controversy continued for days, as Trump lashed out at Machado, including maligning her in an erratic series of tweets starting at 3:20 a.m. Friday.

The Miss Universe episode has not gone over well with the female voters he needs to win over.

“I have always voted Republican, but I don’t feel like I could vote for Trump this year,” Rosanna Koehlert, 58, a college graduate and housewife, said as she shopped the other day in Merrimack, N.H. “He shouldn’t be making fun of people and making them self-conscious about the way they look. That’s not what a president should be.”

The modest lead Clinton has held in national and state polls can be attributed to her outsized advantage among white women with college degrees. Four years ago, Romney carried this demographic over President Obama, 52 percent to 46 percent, according to exit polls. Yet Trump is losing it badly — 32 percent to Clinton’s 57 percent in a late September Washington Post-ABC News poll of likely voters.

Among white women without college degrees, however, Trump leads Clinton 52 percent to 40 percent. The two candidates are virtually tied among white women overall: 46 percent for Clinton and 44 percent for Trump, according to the Post-ABC survey.

For Clinton, who would make history as the nation’s first female president, winning a larger share of white women voters than Obama did could help her offset any relative erosion in support from young voters, for instance. It also could balance any rise in turnout among white men for Trump, a group with which he enjoys an over 2-to-1 lead.

“Everything’s about swing voters,” said a senior Clinton campaign official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss campaign strategy. “We know that white suburban women are critical for both parties . . . and the lowest hanging fruit for expansion among that group is more likely to be college-educated white women.”

Meanwhile, Trump is trying to squeeze as many votes as he can from whites generally — including a subgroup with which he is quite unpopular, college-educated women — to offset losses among blacks, Latinos and other minorities.

“Some women have already gone into their respective corners, and they will support Clinton or Trump and not move,” said Kellyanne Conway, Trump’s campaign manager and pollster. “But the persuadables are swinging back and forth because they know there’s always more to learn, more to see, more to know.”

Margie Omero, a Democratic pollster who closely studies the political attitudes of female voters, said women have been cool to Trump’s candidacy for several reasons.

“It’s not just about the toxic language he uses towards all the various women he knows publicly, but it’s also his lack of fluency on policy, his lack of understanding about caregiving,” Omero said. “It’s clearly not his comfort zone. He’s got this very harsh tone, in general, that a lot of women respond very badly to.”

For months now, Clinton’s advertisements have used Trump’s own words to undermine his character. The spots have been aimed at women and evoke visceral responses. One of the campaign’s most recent ads, called “Mirrors,” depicts girls looking at their reflections as Trump is heard talking crudely about women’s bodies.

Clinton is laboring to persuade voters who identify as “moderate,” regardless of their party affiliation. In 2012, moderates made up 41 percent of the electorate, and Obama won them 56 percent to Romney’s 41 percent, exit polls show. Many moderates live in suburban areas, and although they cross over into many demographic groups, the Clinton campaign’s private data suggest they hold similar values and beliefs.

“There are threads here that make these groups very important to winning the presidency,” said the Clinton campaign official, saying they support same-sex marriage, prioritize climate change and education, and recoil against candidates seen as sexist or bigoted.

To repair his image among moderates, Trump has enlisted his elder daughter, who rates as one of his most effective surrogates according to the campaign’s internal research. Ivanka, 34 — who has three small children and is an entrepreneur and an executive in her father’s real estate company — helped Trump craft a child-care policy, which they rolled out together last month in a Philadelphia suburb.

Ivanka stars in a new ad, her first of the general election, in which she says that her father “understands the needs of a modern workforce” and is committed to changing “outdated labor laws” to support women with children. The spot, called “Motherhood,” will air this week nationally and in swing states on women-focused cable channels, including Lifetime, Bravo and OWN (the Oprah Winfrey Network), as well as on network prime-time shows including “Dancing With the Stars,” “Grey’s Anatomy” and “The Voice.”

[Ivanka Trump stars in new campaign ad to help her father appeal to women]

Trump’s women-focused ad campaign will continue with a second spot, called “Childcare,” that casts Trump as a champion of affordability and fairness for middle-class families, Conway said.

This is partly an attempt to change the subject from Trump’s temperament and character, and to tell voters that he is more of a change agent than Clinton.

“If this election is about Hillary Clinton and is fought on the issues, Donald Trump wins,” Conway said. She ticked through the issues she wants Trump to focus on in the final weeks: security (not only terrorism, but also opioid abuse), affordability, fairness and ethics.

Conway said the Trump campaign recently analyzed the advertising of Clinton and her super-PAC allies and found that the two issues discussed the least were education and health care.

“I said, ‘Bingo! That’s what we’ll talk about every day — health care and education,’” Conway said. “She says she’s been ‘fighting for women and children,’ but where’s the product? Where’s the deliverable? Why do so many women live in poverty? Why do so many women not have health insurance?”

It may be difficult for female voters to tune everything else out, however. Lisa Faust, 45, one of the knitters here in Nashua, was trained as a chemical engineer and is raising a son with Down syndrome. She can’t stop thinking about the time Trump mocked a disabled journalist.

“What’s distressing to me is that Trump has made it socially acceptable to embrace bigotry and racism,” Faust said. “How do you say to an 11-year-old child, ‘That’s not acceptable behavior,’ but the leader of our country thinks it’s acceptable? That really gets to me.”

Emily Guskin in Washington contributed to this report.",1
1265,Rubio surges back to electrify South Carolina,"His wife, Melania, and 10-year-old son, Barron, will likely join him after Barron finishes the school year this spring.",1
1939,"GOP still party of stupid: Scott Walker, Fox News and why 2016 hopefuls must appease wingnut base on evolution","One might have expected the Great Whitebread Hope to be a little better prepared — or at least be politically skilled enough — not to come right out and say, “I’m going to punt on that one.” It was amateur hour, to say the least. Still, he may have been more skilled than people gave him credit for. Walker showed that he understands the Republican base far better than the likes of George Will, who said on Fox News last week that press questions about evolution are “a standard way of trying to embarrass Republicans … We should be able to come to terms with the fact when asked about evolution you say yes. And if one syllable of one word is not enough say Paleontology. Everything says evolution is a fact. Get over it.”

The sad fact is that polling shows fewer and fewer Republicans believe in evolution.

“Evolution has become the religion of the elite. It’s a religion to the [level of] fanaticism of what they would say was the people at the Scopes monkey trial, the Christians waving their Bibles who were not really thinking through the facts, they were just outraged because it was against God’s law. The truth of the matter is that the evolutionists like George Will, waving their evolutionary theory, have become as rabid and unreasoned as what they accuse the Scopes monkey religionists of doing to Darwin during that time. It has become a religion. Science has disproven so much of evolution…. These guys are wrong, Scott Walker is right.”

It’s unclear to what she’s referring when she asserts that science has disproved evolution but it’s a clever idea that explains how Scott Walker’s follow-up comments on Twitter might make sense to the creationist base of the GOP:

But what’s politically important here isn’t the science vs. faith issue.  It’s what Rios says about elitism. Laura Ingraham explained it best in her 2004 book “Shut Up and Sing”:

It was Southern religiosity that led to one of the most vicious literary assaults on any single group in American History. H.L. Mencken became a hero to generations of elites through his newspaper reporting on the “Scopes Monkey Trial.” Uninterested in the subtleties of the debate over evolution — completely indifferent to the concerns of those who felt their traditional religious teaching to be in danger from teachers who despised them and their culture — Mencken gleefully seized upon the case to mock and ridicule everything he could find in the South. We owe the popularization of the phrase “white trash” to Mencken. He also coined the phrase “Bible Belt” to describe the “bigoted” South. In true elite fashion, Mencken approved of the elitist antebellum South of the slaveholders but couldn’t stand the postwar South, where power had devolved to the despised white trash…

Believing in evolution, therefore, is an outgrowth of reverse racism against salt-of-the-earth white Southerners and a sign of liberal solidarity with the elite antebellum slaveholders. You have to give her credit for pulling that bizarre rationale for rejecting evolution together. After all, it’s not really religion that holds the GOP base together, it’s a sense of victimization. And this thesis weaves a number of important strands into a colorful if ahistorical tapestry.

It presents a bit of a problem for conservative leaders, however. As you can see from Rios’ unhappiness at George Will’s forthright support for evolution, people who actually believe in science (as it’s understood by scientists anyway) are considered traitors to the cause. And most of them are less willing than Will to buck the victimization creed. George W. Bush famously equivocated by saying “the jury is still out,” adding, “I’d make it a goal to make sure that local folks got to make the decision as to whether or not they said creationism has been a part of our history and whether or not people ought to be exposed to different theories as to how the world was formed.”

A few years back Ben Adler at the New Republic quizzed a group of leading conservative intellectuals and commentators about evolution, and their fevered dance of denial was worthy of Katy Perry’s  dancing shark troupe at the 2015 Super Bowl. Here are a few examples: Whether he personally believes in evolution: “I don’t discuss personal opinions. … I’m familiar with what’s obviously true about it as well as what’s problematic. … I’m not a scientist. … It’s like me asking you whether you believe in the Big Bang.” How evolution should be taught in public schools: “I managed to have my children go through the Fairfax, Virginia schools without ever looking at one of their science textbooks.” Whether he personally believes in evolution: “I’ve never understood how an eye evolves.” What he thinks of intelligent design: “Put me down for the intelligent design people.” How evolution should be taught in public schools: “The real problem here is that you shouldn’t have government-run schools. … Given that we have to spend all our time crushing the capital gains tax I don’t have much time for this issue.” Whether he personally believes in evolution: “I do believe in evolution.” What he thinks of intelligent design: “If intelligent design means that evolution occurs under some divine guidance, I believe that.” How evolution should be taught in public schools: “I don’t believe that anything that offends nine-tenths of the American public should be taught in public schools. … Christianity is the faith of nine-tenths of the American public. … I don’t believe that public schools should embark on teaching anything that offends Christian principle.” Whether he personally believes in evolution: “It’s impossible to answer that question with a simple yes or no.” Whether he personally believes in evolution: “Do I believe in absolute evolution? No. I don’t believe that evolution can explain the creation of matter. … Do I believe in Darwinian evolution? The answer is no.” … “Evolution [has] been so powerful a theory in Western history in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries and often a malevolent force–it’s been used by non-Christians and anti-Christians to justify polices which have been horrendous. I do believe that every American student should be introduced to the idea and its effects on society. But I don’t think it ought to be taught as fact. It ought to be taught as theory. … How do you answer a kid who says, ‘Where did we all come from?’ Do you say, ‘We all evolved’? I think that’s a theory. … Now the biblical story of creation should be taught to children, not as dogma but every child should know first of all the famous biblical stories because they have had a tremendous influence as well. … I don’t think it should be taught as religion to kids who don’t wanna learn it. … I think in biology that honest teachers gotta say, ‘Look the universe exhibits, betrays the idea that there is a first mover, that there is intelligent design.’ … You should leave the teaching of religion to a voluntary classes in my judgment and only those who wish to attend.” If a Republican politician wants to go straight to the right-wing heart on this issue he would say what presidential hopeful Mike Huckabee said with just the right amount of smug insider wingnut humor: “If you want to believe that you and your family came from apes, that’s fine. I’ll accept that. I just don’t happen to think that I did.” That’s the kind of statement that will elicit cheers from your GOP base and make the likes of Laura Ingraham applaud wildly. Unfortunately, it won’t carry much beyond Mencken’s loathed Bible Belt or right-wing radio.It needs to be massaged into something much more anodyne with a dog whistle embedded within it. And once he was briefed by his handlers, Walker toed the required line quite well. It’s a sign of his familiarity with social conservative language that he understands, if nobody in the punditocracy does, that it’s better to “punt” than get it wrong. He knows he’ll never get past Iowa if he does.",1
4308,Rand Paul is just hilariously trolling Republicans now — and inadvertently revealing the two words behind the GOP’s biggest lie,"Fox Business’s Tuesday night Republican debate was equal parts thuddingly dull and thoroughly truth-averse, save for one interesting moment when Rand Paul took a moment to troll Marco Rubio about defense spending, and not just because Paul managed to unnerve the usually slick as a snail Rubio. Admitting that we spend a lot of money and that’s not very “fiscally conservative” is a third rail in Republican politics and yet there Paul was, looking alive, hollering, “We need a safe country, but did you know, we spend more on our military than the next ten countries combined. I want a strong national defense, but I don’t want us to be bankrupt.”

It wasn’t like he declared himself an atheist or anything, but in a debate format geared towards maximum tedium, it was pretty entertaining. Indeed, for people who don’t live in the conservative bubble, it helped make Rand Paul seem like the sanest person on the stage last night, though that’s like a 2-year-old beating a bunch of newborns in a foot race. But the audience wasn’t really  having it. Paul got a smattering of applause, but it’s not clear if it’s because anyone agreed with him or that they just liked that someone was bothering to entertain them for a moment.

At this point, the only reasonable cause Paul has to run for president is that he hates Republicans and enjoys exposing, every chance he gets, how they are a bunch of lying hypocrites with this entire “small government” talking point. It can’t be that he wants to win, since trolling people about their delusions is not known as a way to win friends.

To hear conservatives talk, this principle of “small government” is sacred, inviolable and the supposed Democratic opposition to it stems no doubt from their ideological commitment to evil. Why we are supposed to love “small government” is rarely explained. Like daylight savings time or that rule about not taking the Lord’s name in vain, it just is, and not for we mere mortals to question.

If you do start to question it, it becomes immediately apparent that finding a Republican who legitimately wants to shrink the size of the government, on principle, is harder than finding a Republican who has warm things to say about Planned Parenthood. On the contrary, one strong consistent trend over the past century is that Republican presidential administrations contribute more to the federal debt than Democratic ones. Even though almost no one knows it, deficit spending under President Obama has been consistently dropping, now shrunk by a $1 trillion compared to what the federal government had to spend to recover from the Bush recession. Principled adherence to “small government” would simply not lead to voting Republican, if only out of fear that all that war-mongering rhetoric would lead to more expensive adventure wars like the previous President Bush gave us.

And, as Paul compulsively points out, this is partially because Republicans love the military. Watching Tuesday’s debate, you would get the strong impression that cutting even one dollar of military spending is the equivalent of sending a cruise ship full of free weapons to ISIS and bringing them over to the United States to be let loose in Miami. When you actually start to prod conservatives, you will quickly discover that “small government” isn’t a principle at all, and doesn’t even touch the truly sacred principles like profligate defense spending.

That’s because “small government” is and always will be a cover story for the real principle at stake, which is halting government activities aimed at ameliorating injustice and inequality. If you listen carefully to any Republican who is not Rand Paul, you’ll see that the concept of “big government” only encompasses two ideas: Regulations on business that protect workers or the environment and social spending.

To be clear, even the category of “social spending” that qualifies as “big government” is exceedingly limited. Anything spent on middle class or wealthy people is not “big government,” but if the money goes to help lower income people—especially if they are perceived as disproportionately people of color—then all hell breaks loose. In practice, this means that Republican voters don’t treat Medicare and Social Security or other social safety net programs for the middle class as “big government”. In numbers, that means that only about 10% of federal welfare spending is considered “big government” by your average Republican politician. Consider: The term “big government” doesn’t cover Social Security, which is a quarter of the federal budget. But it is used frequently to slur “Obamaphones”—a program that provides low cost cell phones to low income people—which costs our federal government $0, because it’s paid for directly by telecom companies and not through federal taxes. And, of course, “big government” is rarely, if ever, used by conservatives to slur unnecessary regulations passed on abortion clinics for the sole purpose of reducing abortion access, or to raise the alarm about police overreach, such as “stop and frisk”. “Big” and “small” government are never defined by expenditures or by levels of government intrusiveness. The terms instead reflect whose interests are being served. Are wealthy people being served at the expense of working people, or is white privilege being protected? Then it’s “small” government. Are underprivileged people getting a leg up or are workers being protected? Then it’s “big” government. In conservative parlance, it’s “big” government to tell Hobby Lobby they can’t interfere with their employee’s reproductive choices, but it’s “small” government if legislators pass a bunch of laws interfering with women’s reproductive choices. The consistent theme here is not the actual size of the government, but whether the goal—interfering with women’s reproductive choices—is being advanced. None of this is new or particularly hard to figure out. Which is why it remains such a mystery that Rand Paul is running for president. Surely he must know that “small government” is a code term for “squash the little guy” and not an actual declaration of principles about government spending and overreach. You can’t spend more than five minutes around Republicans without seeing that quite clearly. Nor does he really articulate why you should want a literal small government if it’s not to advance the “squash the little guy” principle. There is no converting people to his point of view, since “small government” doesn’t appeal as a principle without this overarching need to reassert unjust power systems. Hell, even Paul doesn’t really believe his own nonsense, since Mr. Small Government still wants to use government power to force unwilling women to give birth. The only explanation that makes sense is that Paul’s a troll and that his campaign is a very expensive way to get some lulz at the expense of other Republicans. In an election cycle featuring Donald Trump, it’s not even the oddest motivation there is to run for president.",1
432,"Report Says Trade Deal Would Boost U.S. Economy, But Opponents Say No","Report Says Trade Deal Would Boost U.S. Economy, But Opponents Say No

If Congress were to approve the Trans-Pacific Partnership, it would help the economy, though not by all that much, the U.S. International Trade Commission said Wednesday.

By 2032, TPP would be increasing real GDP by nearly $43 billion annually, and supporting an additional 128,000 full time jobs.

""TPP would have positive effects, albeit small as a percentage of the overall size of the U.S. economy,"" the ITC concluded.

The biggest winner on a percentage basis would be agriculture and food, which would see a $10 billion boost, up 0.5 percent, by year 15 of the deal.

""It is very difficult for us to find new markets,"" American Farm Bureau Federation President Zippy Duvall said at a press conference. This trade pact ""is good for America,"" he added.

The biggest loser would be manufacturing, natural resources and energy, which would be down by a collective $10 billion, or 0.1 percent, after 15 years, the ITC said.

Congress asked the independent federal agency to assess the economic impact of the proposed trade deal involving the United States and 11 other countries.

President Obama strongly supports the pact and signed it in February. But the deal is on ice without congressional approval. At this time, no action is planned on Capitol Hill.

Next week, Obama will be visiting Vietnam and Japan, where he will highlight his support for an economic partnership with those two countries, along with Malaysia, Singapore, Brunei, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Mexico, Chile and Peru.

The deal is intended to open markets for U.S. exporters and farmers, and help protect intellectual property. And it is supposed to strengthen the U.S. political position in Asia.

""TPP allows America – and not countries like China – to write the rules of the road in the 21st century, which is especially important in a region as dynamic as the Asia-Pacific,"" Obama said at the time of the signing.

In general, most economists say TPP would help more than harm the U.S. economy.

But Lori Wallach of Public Citizen says the new report shows the pact could have disastrous effects.

Last year, Public Citizen said trade deals ""have failed to meet their corporate and political backers' glowing promises of job creation.""

But the ITC report on NAFTA issued in January, 1993, predicted only modest gains. It said the ""estimated long-term gains in U.S. and Canadian real GDP are 0.5 percent or less.""

In the post-World War II era, the U.S. economy has average 3.21 percent annual GDP growth rate.

For the 20th anniversary of NAFTA's implementation, the Congressional Research Service found this: ""In reality, NAFTA did not cause the huge job losses feared by the critics or the large economic gains predicted by supporters. The net overall effect of NAFTA on the U.S. economy appears to have been relatively modest.""

But whether this new TPP forecast will turn out to be right won't be known for a long time. The proposed trade deal ""will come into effect anywhere from five to maybe 30 years from now,"" Brandeis Professor Peter Petri said at the White House briefing earlier in the week. ""It's basically a long-term gradual transition in which very small changes will be made along the way, up as long as 30 years in the future.""

Trade has become a central issue in this year's election cycle. For example, Republican Donald Trump has called TPP ""a horrible deal,"" while Bernie Sanders, running for the Democratic nomination, regularly refers to trade deals as disasters.",1
4065,Ambivalence on arms for Ukraine separates Obama from his backers,"President Obama promised on Monday that Russia would suffer consequences for its continued aggression in eastern Ukraine, but he made one thing explicitly clear: He was in no rush to push America deeper into the conflict.

Caution has been the hallmark of the president’s foreign policy for much of the past six years: Obama spent months reviewing his Afghanistan strategy in 2009 before settling on the troop surge, he went back and forth over whether to bomb Syria after the government there used chemical weapons on its own people, and in the early days of the Arab Spring he straddled the line between protesters and then-President Hosni Mubarak for weeks before deciding it was time for the dictator to go.

Obama has held his careful deliberations up as a point of pride, contrasting them with the actions of his predecessor, President George W. Bush, whom he blamed for rushing the country into an unwise war in Iraq.

Amid rising calls to send weapons to Ukraine’s armed forces, Obama suggested Monday that he was still thinking about it. “What I’ve asked my team to do is look at all options — what other means can we put in place to change [Russian President Vladimir] Putin’s calculus — and the possibility of lethal defensive weapons is one of those options that’s being examined,” he said.

The president’s ambivalence regarding arms for Ukraine has separated him from many of his traditional Democratic supporters, including some who served in his government and now are questioning his priorities. Obama has often seemed reluctant to plunge too deeply into a conflict that he doesn’t view as a major threat to the U.S. homeland or the nation’s security.

Some of the president’s hesitancy could also stem from the high priority he’s placed on reaching an agreement this year with Iran to end its nuclear program. Putin and Russia have played an important role in keeping the pressure on Tehran during the delicate negotiations.

The conflicting priorities have left some of the president’s backers asking whether he has played down the threat posed by Putin.

“This is a damned serious thing,” said a former senior administration official who worked on the Ukraine issue, speaking on the condition of anonymity to talk frankly about the president’s policy. “There’s a sense that the president doesn’t agree.”

Obama isn’t alone in his reluctance to send weapons to Ukraine. Even the most ambitious plans to arm the Ukrainian military wouldn’t give the country the firepower it needs to resist the Russian army. Sending more arms into the country could inflame an already violent conflict and prompt Putin to mount even more aggressive attacks in support of the separatist rebels.

Those concerns have led most European leaders, including German Chancellor Angela Merkel, to come out against the idea of sending American arms to Ukraine.

But Obama’s reluctance to ship weapons to Ukraine is also reflective of a broader foreign policy philosophy that recognizes that the United States, despite its vast power, also has limited resources and, as a result, must be disciplined in setting priorities and exercise strategic patience.

On Friday, Susan E. Rice, Obama’s top foreign policy adviser, introduced the president’s new National Security Strategy — his first in five years — and laid out one of the main lessons the administration has learned.

“Too often what’s missing here in Washington is a sense of perspective,” said Rice, Obama’s national security adviser. “We cannot afford to be buffeted by alarmism in a nearly instantaneous news cycle.”

By the new strategy’s reckoning, most of the threats that consume Washington, such as an aggressive Russia, don’t rise to the level of dire threats to the nation. Even the Islamic State, whose fighters have taken over large swaths of Iraq and Syria, doesn’t pose a real danger to the American way of life.

“Yes, there’s a lot going on,” Rice said in introducing the new strategy. “While the dangers we face may be more numerous and varied, they are not of the existential nature we confronted during World War II or the Cold War.”

Instead, the president’s strategy asserts that less-traditional threats, such as climate change, global pandemics and cyber­attacks, represent the most pressing long-term dangers to the nation and deserve more focus.

The strategy has put the president at odds with some of his longtime supporters in the traditional Democratic foreign policy establishment. Nowhere has the break been more apparent than on the issue of arming Ukraine. The list of prominent Democrats who have called for shipping weapons to Ukraine includes former secretary of state Madeleine K. Albright, liberal Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) and even Ashton Carter, Obama’s choice to be secretary of defense.

At issue is whether Obama can afford to play for time in Ukraine. Almost a year after the Russian military’s moves into Crimea and Ukraine, the conflict is by most measures worse than ever. The sanctions that Obama hoped would force Putin to reverse course have punished the Russian economy but haven’t changed the leader’s calculus.

The president spoke out forcefully Monday about the need to check Putin, saying that the world could not “stand idle and simply allow the borders of Europe to be redrawn at the barrel of a gun.” But Obama also has suggested that the weakness of the Russian economy, which has been battered by sanctions, and Putin’s isolation will eventually force him to back off his aggressive stance.

Obama’s calls for patience, however, have led some to question whether he’s underestimating the costs of inaction. “The problem with assuming weakness and letting the situation play out is that Putin can still wreak a lot of damage,” said Dennis Ross, a former administration official and a fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy.",1
842,Ted Cruz popularity among Republicans takes a serious nosedive: Gallup,"Texas Sen. Ted Cruz’s popularity among Republicans has plummeted in recent months and now more of them have negative views of him than positive ones, according to Gallup data released Monday.

The proportion of Republicans and Republican-leaning independents who view Cruz favorably has dropped to 39% — down from 61% in January — and the share who view him unfavorably has skyrocketed, going from 15% in January to 45% now.

“Republicans' views of Cruz are now the worst in Gallup's history of tracking the Texas senator,” Gallup Editor Frank Newport said.

The data comes as Cruz has made several moves to try to shore up support for his campaign and stop Donald Trump from winning enough delegates to clinch the Republican presidential nomination. He and Ohio Gov. John Kasich had tried to make a deal so Cruz could take on Trump one-on-one in Tuesday’s Indiana primary. That appears to have fallen apart.

He named Carly Fiorina as his running mate last week, even though he hasn’t clinched the nomination and it is mathematically impossible for him to do so on the first ballot at the Republican National Convention.

Cruz said this week that he nevertheless intends to go the distance, ""as long as we have a viable path to victory.""

Here’s what’s happened to his popularity ratings in the Gallup polling:

“After a holding period of sorts in March and early April, Cruz's image began to deteriorate significantly in the last two weeks, with his positive and negative lines crossing in the middle of last week,” Newport said.

At the same time, Trump’s popularity among Republicans surged in recent weeks, with the amount who view him favorably growing from 53% to 59% and the share who view him negatively shrinking from 41% to 35%.

Of course, both still have popularity problems with the general electorate — 29% more people have a negative view of Trump than a positive one and 25% more view Cruz negatively than positively.",1
1668,The inside story of Trump campaign’s connections to a big-money super PAC,"As he brags that he is turning down millions of dollars for his presidential campaign, Donald Trump has leveled a steady line of attack against his rivals: that they are too cozy with big-money super PACs and may be breaking the law by coordinating with them.

“You know the nice part about me?” he told reporters in Iowa in August. “I don’t need anybody’s money.”

What Trump doesn’t say is that he and his top campaign aide have connections to a super PAC collecting large checks to support his candidacy — a group viewed by people familiar with his campaign as the sanctioned outlet for wealthy donors.

This summer, Trump appeared at at least two events for the Make America Great Again PAC, which took his campaign slogan as its name and received financing from his daughter’s mother-in-law. A consultant for the super PAC is a Republican operative who has previously worked with Trump’s campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, according to several people with direct knowledge of their ties.

The Trump campaign’s links to the low-profile group could undercut the candidate’s posture as the only Republican in the race who has not sought to curry favor with wealthy donors, a central part of his anti-establishment message.

Lewandowski denied that Trump or the campaign had given the green light to Make America Great Again.

“Unlike other campaigns, we don’t have a quote-unquote designated super PAC that we tell people to give money to,” he said.

In a later interview, he threatened to file a lawsuit if The Washington Post reported that Trump had given the group his blessing.

“I want to be crystal clear,” Lewandowski said. “There is no sanctioned super PAC.”

Trump did not respond to requests for comments made through Lewandowski and communications director Hope Hicks.

[Voters are mad about mega-donors, and it’s helping Trump and Sanders]

There are a number of links between the real estate tycoon’s political operation and the Make America Great Again PAC.

Mike Ciletti, a Colorado-based operative who told Politico in August that he is a consultant for the super PAC, was at the Trump campaign offices repeatedly in May and June, according to two people familiar with the visits. WizBang Solutions, the small Commerce City, Colo., printing company where Ciletti serves as a director, is a vendor to the campaign, collecting more than $56,000 in payments so far, according to Federal Election Commission filings.

The Trump campaign has paid Ciletti’s printing firm since April, with the most recently reported payment on Sept. 18. Since July, Ciletti has been serving as the super PAC’s consultant. Such an arrangement with a common vendor is permissible under federal rules only if the firm has a strict firewall in place to prevent coordination. Neither Ciletti nor the company’s president returned repeated requests for comment.

In one of several interviews with The Post, Lewandowski first denied knowing Ciletti or anyone connected to the super PAC. “I don’t know him,” Lewandowski said.

Two days later, when confronted with the campaign’s payments to Ciletti’s firm, Lewandowski acknowledged he was familiar with Ciletti.

“I know a lot of people,” he said. “I know of Mike Ciletti.”

After being pressed for more details, he hung up.

As Trump has soared to the top of the GOP field, he has vehemently criticized the influence of rich contributors, expressing disgust at the proliferation of super PACs and their close ties to other presidential contenders. While candidates are not supposed to collaborate directly with super PACs, they have found creative ways to work in concert.

In a recent interview with The Washington Post, the New York tycoon said he planned to go after his opponents for pushing the limits of federal coordination rules.

“They’re in total cahoots with their [super] PACs, which they’re not allowed to be,” Trump told The Post earlier this month. “They’re all in total cahoots. They put their friends in there. One good thing about me: I’m not.”

[The 2016 presidential contenders and their big-money backers]

Trump has been pressing that argument at his rallies, recently going after former Florida governor Jeb Bush and former secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton.

“You know the candidate’s not allowed to talk to the PAC, right?” Trump asked a crowd in the Atlanta suburb of Norcross on Oct. 10. “They’re not allowed to talk to the PAC. You think that Bush is talking to his PAC?”

“You think that Hillary is talking to her PAC?”

“Not allowed to, by the way, not allowed to,” Trump continued. “I don’t.”

Bush spokeswoman Allie Brandenburger dismissed Trump’s comments as a “baseless attack,” saying the campaign “fully complies with all federal campaign compliance and finance laws and regulations.” A Clinton spokesman declined to comment.

Since Trump’s candidacy has taken off, a dozen super PACs with names such as Art of the Deal PAC and Let’s Trump Politics have sprung up to support him. But only one is viewed as operating with his blessing, according to four people familiar with the internal dynamics who spoke on the condition of anonymity to describe private conversations.

Sources say that the groundwork for the PAC was laid in the spring. As he drew close to announcing his candidacy, Trump talked privately with friends and advisers about the benefits of having an allied super PAC to help cover expenses, according to three people familiar with the conversations. He and his aides were also said to have been worried that unscrupulous individuals could create scam PACs that would take advantage of Trump supporters, and they are said to have talked about the need to have a reputable entity in place. The discussions are said to have occurred before Trump became an official candidate, after which he faced restrictions on how he could interact with an outside group.

Lewandowski denied that such conversations occurred. “Mr. Trump has $10 billion,” he said. “He doesn’t care about a super PAC.”

[Inside the fabulous world of Donald Trump, where money is no problem]

At the time, Ciletti was already helping the Trump team. He had previously worked with Lewandowski when the latter was a top official at the conservative advocacy group Americans for Prosperity, which used Ciletti’s company, WizBang Solutions, as a vendor, according to people familiar with their relationship. Americans for Prosperity reported in FEC filings paying WizBang $46,000 in the 2014 elections for mailers in Colorado, North Carolina and North Dakota.

The Trump campaign first paid WizBang in April to print T-shirts and business cards — two months before Trump declared his candidacy — and has paid the firm every month since, campaign finance filings show.

Lewandowski gave conflicting statements to The Post about whether he had made the decision to hire Ciletti, at first saying he had not and then in a subsequent conversation saying he did not remember. He declined to say how he knew the Colorado consultant.

“I know of a lot of people,” he said. “I have been in politics for 25 years.”

Ciletti, who was a consultant for now-Sen. Cory Gardner (R-Colo.)’s 2010 congressional bid, is listed in corporate filings as the director of WizBang Solutions, which is headquartered in an industrial park off the interstate in Commerce City outside of Denver.

Although WizBang Solutions offers some marketing services, it’s best known locally for its printing shop, which produces glossy mailers, signs and other items. The firm’s president, Marty Soudani, did not respond to requests for comment.

Ciletti began working with Trump’s team in the run-up to his June 16 announcement and visited the Trump Tower offices multiple times, according to two people who saw him there. By July, he was fielding pitches from vendors who wished to do work for the PAC, according to a consultant who did a presentation for Ciletti.

The Make America Great Again PAC was registered with the FEC on July 1. A Denver lawyer named Jon Anderson sent in the paperwork. He did not respond to multiple requests for comment.

The super PAC’s Web site prominently features a photo of Trump and his quotes, as well as news articles about his campaign. “We believe in the conservative principles America was founded upon and know that with the right leadership the citizens of this country will come together to help Make America Great Again,” reads a statement on the site.

A nonprofit group called Make America Great Again that shares the same treasurer as the super PAC was also registered by Anderson, who submitted the incorporation papers in August with the Colorado secretary of state. Like super PACs, nonprofit groups can accept unlimited donations, but they are not required to disclose their contributors. Such organizations, set up under Section 501(c)(4) of the tax code, can do some political activity but that cannot be their primary purpose.

Over the summer, Trump attended at least two events for the Make America Great Again PAC: one in Manhattan in July at the home of a woman who is a longtime Trump business associate, as first reported by Politico, and another in August at the New Jersey beachfront mansion of Seryl and Charles Kushner, his daughter Ivanka’s in-laws, as CNN reported.

Guests did not have to donate to the super PAC to attend the Kushners’ event, but they were given information about how to make a contribution, and many wrote checks for various amounts, according to a person familiar with the situation.

Seryl Kushner also contributed $100,000 to the Make America Great Again PAC, according to a Kushner family spokesman, who said Trump did not solicit the donation.

Under FEC rules, candidates are allowed to appear at fundraisers for super PACs but they cannot request donations of more than $5,000.

Lewandowski said the two gatherings that Trump attended were not fundraisers, calling the party at the Kushner estate “a family event.”

When asked whether Trump knew the receptions were organized by the super PAC, Lewandowski did not respond directly. “They were both just a meet-and-greet,” he said. “He gave brief remarks and then left.”

Make America Great Again PAC has not yet reported making any expenditures. The group will not have to disclose any information about its donors until Jan. 31, the day before the Iowa caucuses.

On the trail, Trump has maintained that he has no idea who is setting up super PACs on his behalf.

When asked by a reporter in New Hampshire last week whether he would call on such groups to cease raising money, Trump responded: “I know nothing about them, because I have nothing to do with them. I don’t even know the people running them.”

Alice Crites, Anu Narayanswamy and Philip Rucker contributed to this report.",1
4491,U.S. Flag Flies Over Embassy In Cuba For First Time In 54 Years,"U.S. Flag Flies Over Embassy In Cuba For First Time In 54 Years

Updated at 11:25 a.m. ET

Secretary of State John Kerry presided over a ceremony reopening the U.S. Embassy in Havana, including a flag-raising ceremony — an event that will mark the first time the Stars and Stripes have flown over a diplomatic compound there in 54 years.

Kerry, speaking before assembled dignitaries, remembered the strained history of U.S.-Cuba relations, including the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis, when the Soviet Union was discovered to be siting nuclear rockets on the island nation.

""I was a student then and I could still remember the taut faces of our leaders,"" he said. ""We were unsettled and uncertain about our future because we didn't know when we went to bed what we would find when we woke up.""

The people of Cuba ""would be best served by a genuine democracy,"" he said, but added that it was ""unrealistic"" to expect Cuba to make such a transition anytime soon. ""Cuba's future is for Cubans to shape,"" he said.

Speaking in Spanish, Kerry said the ceremony showed that the U.S. and Cuba ""are no longer enemies, but neighbors.""

Three U.S. Marines who lowered the flag at the embassy in 1961, when Havana and Washington severed diplomatic ties, accompanied Kerry to the ceremony and presented the new flag to Marines to hoist once again to the strains of the Star Spangled Banner.

The Washington Post reports that the three Marines, retired Master Gunnery Sgt. Jim Tracy and then-Lance Cpl. Larry C. Morris and then-Cpl. F.W. Mike East, all now in their 70s, ""will appear in Havana alongside Secretary of State John F. Kerry and raise the flag again. It has been more than 54 years since U.S. relations with Cuba were severed, but the embassy has reopened following an agreement reached earlier this year between Havana and Washington.""

NPR's Michele Kelemen says: ""The State Department has come under criticism for not inviting leading Cuban dissidents to the embassy. Officials say that's because this is a government-to-government event. Activists are invited to a reception later, at the U.S. ambassador's residence.""

And, the Associated Press reports:",1
4583,Presidential Transition of Power Begins amid Nationwide Protests,"Trump’s victory has been followed by talk in GOP circles of repealing Obamacare and getting the economy back on track. CBN’s Jennifer Wishon and economist Steve Moore addressed these issues and more on The 700 Club.

President-elect Donald Trump met with President Barack Obama at the White House Thursday in what turned out to be a cordial first step in the transfer of power.

“We talked about foreign policy, we talked about domestic policy,” the president told reporters following the 90-minute meeting, adding that it's important for the country to come together to face the challenges ahead.

Trump, for his part, said he looks forward to being with the president ""many, many more times.""

CBN's David Brody and Jenna Browder talk to protesters outside the White House Thursday. (Audio begins at 1:30)

The meeting came as thousands of anti-Trump protestors hit the streets Wednesday, from New York to Philadelphia to Chicago and Los Angeles, to express their anger over Trump's surprising victory.

One protestor expressed the shock and disbelief of many Clinton supporters when she said, ""Something horrific and unbelievable has happened.""

But Trump promised to be a president for all Americans.

""To all Republicans and Democrats and independents across this nation, I say it is time for us to come together as one united people,"" Trump said in his victory speech Wednesday morning.

Obama also called for Americans to come together, saying, ""It is no secret that the president-elect and I have some pretty significant differences. We are now all rooting for his success in uniting and leading the country.""

Although many world leaders also expressed support for Trump, Europeans who watched the election closely and expected a certain Clinton victory were still trying to come to grips with the results.  French President Francois Hollande said Trump's victory ""opens a period of uncertainty.""

Much more certain is Trump's agenda for his first 100 days.  A top priority is to repeal and replace Obamacare.

""Believe me, we'll get rid of that,"" Trump warned when he was on the campaign trail. ""I've been saying it for years.""

                                                 

 Trump has also promised middle class families a 35 percent tax cut, although the Tax Foundation, which has reviewed the plan, said it would actually cut taxes for several income levels.

                                     

 Trump has also vowed to build a wall on the border with Mexico, and to make it a lot tougher for persons from terror-related countries to enter the U.S., saying, ""Radical Islamic terror is right around the corner. We have to be so tough, so smart, so vigilant.""

                                                 

 The president-elect is also eager to fill the empty seat on the Supreme Court, which has been vacant since Justice Antonin Scalia's death in February, with a conservative justice -- and he could get more chances to appoint justices.

Wall Street quickly adjusted to the idea of a Trump presidency.  After an initial sell-off, stocks posted strong gains.

Meanwhile, President-elect Trump has a lot on his plate, and a lot to talk about when he meets with President Obama.",1
692,The Art of the Swindle,"Predators, by and large, do not attack the strongest prey in the wild. They instead target the vulnerable, the very young, and the very old—the prey that is least able to defend itself. Trump University, the defunct real-estate education program created by presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, pursued a similar approach, according to its former employees in legal documents unsealed Tuesday. The Art of the Upsell: How Donald Trump Profits From 'Free' Seminars “Based upon my personal experience and employment, I believe that Trump University was a fraudulent scheme, and that it preyed upon the elderly and uneducated to separate them from their money,” said Ronald Schnackenberg, a sales manager at Trump University in 2006 and 2007. Those declarations and other internal Trump University documents depict an aggressive, ethically dubious business model that targeted potential customers’ financial fears and socioeconomic anxieties and offered Trump’s personal brand as the solution—a strategy later echoed in his presidential campaign.

In his declaration, Schnackenberg recounted meeting a couple after a live event in New York City in 2007. Apparently swayed by the presentation, they expressed an interest in purchasing a $35,000 Trump Gold Elite program, the most expensive tier available. “I did not think it was an appropriate program for them because of their precarious financial condition—they had no money to pay for the program, but would have had to pay for the program using disability income and taking out a loan based upon equity in his apartment,” he testified. “Trump University reprimanded me for not trying harder to sell the program to this couple.” A different salesperson closed the deal with them. “I was disgusted by this conduct and decided to resign,” Schnackenberg said. Schnackenberg made the declaration in September 2012—about three years before Donald Trump announced his presidential bid—as part of a class-action lawsuit against the businessman by former Trump University customers. The declaration and other trial documents remained under seal until Tuesday after federal judge Gonzalo Curiel—a newfound target of Trump’s stump-speech anger—ordered many of them to be made public Friday in response to a public-interest motion by the Washington Post. For a Trump University employee, failure simply meant the abstract loss of potential profit. For a Trump University student, however, failure could mean financial ruin.

Official scripts and guidelines in Trump University’s sales playbooks harnessed this fear to drive prospective buyers towards the product. During one-on-one sessions after the $1,500 second-tier seminar, the playbook encouraged salespeople to assess each customer’s fears, goals, and financial status, then “close the deal” on the next tier of seminars. “When you introduce the price, don’t make it sound like you think it’s a lot of money, if you don’t make a big deal out of it they won’t,” the playbook advises. “If they can afford the gold elite don’t allow them to think about anything besides the gold elite.” The Trump Gold Elite package, which included a series of retreats, a three-day “in-field mentorship,” and a free trial on foreclosure-tracking software, cost $35,000. If the customer hesitated, the playbook offered a sample text to “push them out of their comfort zone” by criticizing their financial status. “It’s time for you to be 100% honest with yourself,” the suggested text read. “You’ve had your entire adult life to accomplish your financial goals. I’m looking at your profile and you’re not even close to where you need to be, much less where you want to be. It’s time to fix your broken plan, bring in Mr. Trump’s top instructors and certified millionaire mentors and allow us to put you and keep you on the right track. Your plan is BROKEN and WE WILL help you fix it.” The playbook also includes rebuttals to common concerns about spending up to $35,000 on a series of seminars. For example, if customers want to try real-estate investing on their own, salespeople were told to pepper them with technical questions about their business plan, apparently to undermine their self-confidence.

“How are you going to locate the properties? How are you determining ARV? All cash offer? Where is your financing coming from? How will you negotiate price? Terms? What about exit strategies?” the playbook offers as suggested dialogue. “One mistake on any one of these and you’re broke, beaten, and worse off than you are now.” “You can ask them questions so they realize they don’t have a chance for long term or short term success,” the playbook then reminds the employee. Amidst this sea of imagined dangers, the salesperson would then pivot to pitch Trump University as a lifeboat. “The risk isn’t spending 35K – it’s entering into the world of REAL ESTATE without specialized knowledge, guidance and trained professionals in the field holding your hand,” the playbook’s rebuttals said. “WE are the safe decision.” The playbook frequently tells Trump University employees to lean on the instructors’ and mentors’ wisdom as a selling point. But Jason Nichols, a Trump University sales executive who worked for the company in 2007, challenged this depiction in his declaration to the court. “The Trump University instructors and mentors were a joke. Most of them were not experts in real estate and did not [have] experience in the real estate techniques they were teaching,” Nichols said. “They were unqualified people posing as Donald Trump’s ‘right-hand men.’ They were teaching methods that were unethical, and they had little to no experience flipping properties or doing real estate deals. It was a façade, a total lie.”

Other rebuttals suggested by training materials likewise appealed to customers’ insecurities while invoking Trump’s success. What if customers say they want to invest that $35,000 fee in property instead? “You have no specialized knowledge or system to fall back on,” the playbook suggests. “Mr. Trump doesn’t use his own money to invest and look at his success!” Or a customer might say they have enough information to invest on their own. “But what we’re offering is a proven system from Mr. Trump to help you close multiple deals every month, with a millionaire mentor by your side making sure you don’t make any mistakes, and creating the most amount of profit per deal,” the playbook counters. “Let me ask you a question; are you capable of making one or two mistakes on your own?” (In parentheses, the salesperson is instructed to smile while saying these lines.) The scripts and rebuttals emphasize the risk of not taking part in the program while evading its inherent risks. What if the customer doesn’t want to go into debt by purchasing the seminars? “Every single company goes into debt when they are first starting out, EVERY SINGLE BUSINESS!” the playbook says. “The profits pay off the debt and before you know it, your new real-estate business will start making amazing returns.” Corinne Sommer, the former manager of Trump University’s events departments, recalled how instructors in the second-level seminars, which cost roughly $1,500 to attend, would ask customers to call their credit-card companies to triple or quadruple their credit limit and max out their credit cards for real-estate investments.

“While Trump University’s advertisements claimed it wanted to help consumers make money in real estate, in fact, based upon my experience, I believe that Trump University was only interested in selling every person the most expensive seminars they could possibly buy on credit,” Sommer testified. “I recall that some consumers had showed up who were homeless and could not afford the seminars, yet I overheard Trump University representatives telling them, ‘it’s ok; just max out your credit card.’” Not everyone proved unhappy; the filings also included testimony from many graduates of Trump University who professed themselves delighted with the decisions they’d made. Trump University came to an end five years before Trump’s presidential campaign officially began. But both products rely on a similar three-part strategy. The first part is an emphasis on insecurity. For Trump University’s sales team, that meant focusing on the customer’s personal financial shortcomings when closing a deal. For Trump himself, it manifests as stump speeches bemoaning the decline in American manufacturing, the peril of illegal immigration, the rise of China and ISIS, and how “we don’t win anymore.” These insecurities may or may not be grounded in reality. But the solutions to them often aren’t. Trump University promised an easy path to wealth and success in the real-estate market just as the housing bubble was about to burst. (“Let’s get you enrolled today so you can start building a real estate empire,” reads one suggested line from the playbook.) Trump’s campaign solutions are even more grandiose, ranging from a giant wall on the U.S.-Mexico border to a military so large and strong “we’ll never have to use it.” The third part is Trump, or, perhaps more accurately, Trump’s personal brand, in all its coiffed and gilded glory. Decades of effort invested in making a surname synonymous with business acumen and extravagant wealth imbued Trump University with a legitimacy it could not otherwise acquire. Trump himself also relies on this on the campaign trail—not the name recognition, but its association with “winning.” For both Trump and Trump University, the goal is for prospective customers and potential voters alike to think his success can rub off on them, too. But that payoff may never come. “I do not believe that Trump University taught Donald Trump’s investing ‘secrets,’” one former Trump employee testified. “Donald Trump came from a wealthy family and had resources at his disposal to purchase real estate—that is the secret—one the average consumer could not replicate.”",1
4787,Temperament question dominates Clinton-Trump debate,"Trump's comment that he has a 'winning temperament' was the most-tweeted moment of the debate, pointing to the debate's main theme.

Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton answers a question as Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump listens during the presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, N.Y., on Monday, Sept. 26, 2016.

From the beginning of the 2016 presidential race, Donald Trump has faced a nagging question: Does he have the right temperament to be commander-in-chief?

He's brash, he's entertaining, he's thin-skinned – none of which disqualify him, in the eyes of many voters, from sitting in the big chair and making the big decisions. But on Monday night, the Republican presidential nominee faced the toughest test yet in his highly anticipated first debate against Democrat Hillary Clinton: Could he go toe-to-toe against an experienced political debater and come across as a plausible president?

The bar was low, and Trump began the debate strongly. The billionaire scored points against Clinton on the economy, jobs, and trade. ""We're losing our good jobs,"" Trump said, reinforcing a theme that has propelled him to a commanding lead among non-college-educated white men – and a virtual tie in the overall race.

But soon enough, the temperament issue reared its head as Trump began interrupting and at times, shouting. According to Vox.com, Trump interrupted Clinton 25 times in the first 26 minutes, and by the end, had interrupted her three times as often as she had interrupted him, 51 to 17.

Finally, the meta became the explicit, when Trump raised the issue of temperament himself.

""I have much better judgment than she does,"" he said, talking about Clinton's vote for the Iraq war as a senator. ""There's no question about that. I also have a much better temperament than she has, you know?""

Laughter rang out from audience, despite debate ground rules that forbade audience reaction.

""I think my strongest asset, maybe by far, is my temperament,"" he said. ""I have a winning temperament. I know how to win. She does not.""

It was the most-tweeted-about moment of the debate, according to Hollywood Reporter. ""When 'I have the right temperament' gets the biggest house laugh, it's not going your way,"" tweeted Broadway star Lin-Manuel Miranda.

Clinton soon came back to the topic, when discussion turned to US-Iran relations, and Trump's statement last week that he would shoot Iranian vessels ""out of the water"" if they bothered American ships.

""That is not the right temperament to be commander-in-chief,"" Clinton said.

Merriam-Webster.com reports that the exchange sent viewers to their dictionaries, and that look-ups of the word ""temperament"" spiked. Inquiries were 78 times higher than the site’s usual hourly average.

But the meaning of temperament is easier sensed than described. Merriam-Webster’s definition is “the usual attitude, mood, or behavior of a person or animal.” That, it seems, could mean anything.

In a political context, a presidential temperament could refer to prudence, wisdom, and restraint. Trump's outsize personality, and his willingness to say things other politicians wouldn’t dare, has struck some voters as a breath of fresh air in an era when most politicians play it safe and speak in poll-tested sound bites.

Trump's rhetoric – at times ""politically incorrect,"" in his view – set him apart from the rest of the GOP primary field and helped him to the party's presidential nomination.

But now he's playing for the presidency itself, and his tone and comportment have emerged as major sticking points for some voters. And there remain loyal Republicans who would like to support their party's nominee, but still aren't there yet – voters Trump needs to win in November.

One such voter, Richard Bonomo, a researcher at the University of Wisconsin, Madison, watched the debate closely but after it was over, did not indicate a readiness to commit to Trump.

""Trump held his own,"" Mr. Bonomo said in an email. ""Clinton did get in several very good points, but her record of lying makes it difficult to accept uncritically just anything she says.""

Overnight polls showed Clinton as the ""winner"" of the debate, but post-debate polls can be fleeting and don't predict the ultimate outcome of a presidential race.

""It was a fiery debate that won't move a lot of votes,"" says Republican strategist Ford O'Connell. ""So all eyes will be focused on the second debate. Remember, voters are grading the candidates differently. Trump has the momentum in the polls, and therefore he just has to be plausible in the Oval Office. Which he was.""

Still, he acknowledges that Clinton scored points, noting how she put Trump on the defensive about his refusal to release his tax returns and on ""birtherism"" – Trump's longtime questioning of whether President Obama was born in the United States, which he only recently said was a settled issue.

""The good news for Trump is that he went toe-to-toe with Secretary Clinton on the debate stage, which elevated his legitimacy as a candidate – something especially crucial when you are the challenger party candidate,"" Mr. O'Connell said. ""As we move on to the second debate, look for both candidates to tweak their tactics – particularly Trump.""

Indeed, Trump's biggest failing in the debate may have been his many missed opportunities. He didn't go after Clinton for calling half of Trump supporters a ""basket of deplorables."" He also skipped the Clinton Foundation, Benghazi, and Clinton's ties to Wall Street.

Clinton, for her part, can be expected to continue to pound Trump on his range of vulnerabilities, including his temperament, his business record, and his comments about women and minorities.

In the business world, ""half of the money spent on marketing is wasted; we just don’t know which half,"" says David Redlawsk, chairman of the political science department at the University of Delaware, Newark. ""It's the same with information flows in a campaign. We know they matter somewhere, but it's hard to know which matter.""",1
2382,Are Democrats crippling Obamacare?,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
1566,"GOP contenders prep for loud, ugly holiday season","Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
4146,"Work: It's not a four letter word, it's a world-changing vocation","Work can be a four-letter word in our culture. Pundits demagogue against successful businesses, and demonize the one-percent as “financial parasites” said to be profiting unfairly. Charitable and non-profit work is extolled often as a better way to help a community. But in truth, if you want to change the world, consider starting a business that makes a tangible contribution to the lives of the people around you.

It’s interesting that in the Bible so many of the greatest leaders had a day job. Jesus was a carpenter; Luke a doctor; Moses a shepherd; Deborah a judge; Paul a tentmaker – the list goes on. While the Bible does describe duties for people of faith who are in church work, the larger message of scripture is that “whatever you do, in word or deed, do as unto the Lord.”

Among the community of believers and in our current modern day culture, a prejudice has developed against mainstream secular work as a way to make a significant contribution to a community. This attitude ignores the very real impact that a good paying job has on a person, a family, the community and even the world at large. With Americans spending an average of 47 hours a week at work, it’s time to consider whether a better way to change the world is to make it better at work.

One reason that people may be dreaming of non-profit work is that so many don’t like their jobs. Most people – 8 out of 10 in fact – hate their jobs, and may be dreaming of a different kind of life, according to Deloitte’s Shift Index Survey. If that is even partially accurate, it’s easy to understand how people can dream of a life of doing something good for others that feels more worthwhile than dealing with a curmudgeon for a boss.

Even as job creation has dramatically declined, with a 38-year low in the labor force participation rate, an increasing number of people have chosen to join the non-profit world. “From 2001 to 2011, the number of nonprofits in the United States grew 25 percent while the number of for-profit businesses rose by half of 1 percent, according to the most recent figures compiled by the Urban Institute,” noted the New York Times. In fact, according to the National Center for Charitable Statistics, more than 1.5 million nonprofit organizations of all kinds are registered in the United States.

Still, most people spend their days in for-profit companies, as non-profits employ 10 percent of the workforce in 2010, accounting for about five percent of Gross Domestic Product.

""Since 9/11, there's been more of a -- I don't mean this to sound pejorative -- knee-jerk reaction to start a new charity whenever something goes wrong … (however) very few of these charities are going to last,"" said Chuck McLean, vice president of research for GuideStar, which tracks nonprofit activity.

Frankly, non-profit and ministry jobs are still work, with all the ups and downs of employment. Many in charitable efforts find it’s not as glamorous at it might look from the outside.

Consider the ultimate job from the non-profit world, the local pastor. A Fuller Institute Project that began in 1998 and picked up in 1998 by the Francis A. Schaeffer Institute of Church Leadership Development took a look at how pastors were handling the pressures of caring for a hurting community. With more than 18 years of data to consider, research found that 70 percent were so stressed they often considered leaving the ministry, while 35 to 40 percent actually did give up after about five years.

No matter the profession, one way that you can practically care for people is to create jobs in an environment that cares for and values people, both customers, vendors and employees.

It’s fascinating that today the most popular fast-food chain comes from a company that does not hide its family values while making sure every customer gets a good meal.

Consider the rise of the humble chicken sandwich at Chick-fil-a, a high quality product in an enjoyable environment, in a company that cares for its employees.

And importantly, those with a job have the means to contribute time and money.

Sometimes called Tentmakers, referencing the Apostle Paul who supported himself with his skill, volunteers who financially support themselves with outside employment are invaluable for cash-strapped charities. Those with means make a huge difference. Consider Luke 8, where we learn about some wealthy women who contributed to Jesus’ ministry on earth “out of their private means.”

Good jobs, with a steady income, empower Americans to be the most charitable people in world.

According to the National Philanthropic Trust, almost 96 percent of American households donate to charity, giving an average of more than $2,900. In fact, even as the economy has been stagnant, Americans increased their giving 7.1 percent from 2013 to 2014, the last figures available.

Given the pressing needs of the world, a profitable company that provides a lifetime of opportunity for employees, excellent service for the community, and a source of income that can allow employers and employees alike to contribute to the needs around them is world changing.

A good job provides the means to give back, remembering the instructions in in Deuteronomy 16:17, “Each of you must bring a gift in proportion to the way the Lord your God has blessed you.”

Robert Dickie III is president of Crown, a non-profit dedicated to helping people create long term plans for personal financial, career, and business success. He is the author of the newly release book, ""THE LEAP - Launching your Full-Time Career in Our Part-Time Economy."" (Moody Publishers January 6, 2015). Follow him on Twitter@RobertDickie.",1
2404,The most predictable disaster in the history of the human race,"Ask him, and he'll tell you himself. ""I'm very optimistic,"" he says. See?

And why shouldn't Bill Gates be an optimist? He's one of the richest men in the world. He basically invented the form of personal computing that dominated for decades. He runs a foundation immersed in the world's worst problems — child mortality, malaria, polio — but he can see them getting better. Hell, he can measure them getting better. Child mortality has fallen by half since 1990. To him, optimism is simply realism.

But lately, Gates has been obsessing over a dark question: what's likeliest to kill more than 10 million human beings in the next 20 years? He ticks off the disaster movie stuff — ""big volcanic explosion, gigantic earthquake, asteroid"" — but says the more he learns about them, the more he realizes the probability is ""very low.""

Then there's war, of course. But Gates isn't that worried about war because the entire human race worries about war pretty much all the time, and the most dangerous kind of war, nuclear war, seems pretty contained, at least for now.

But there's something out there that's as bad as war, something that kills as many people as war, and Gates doesn't think we're ready for it.

""Look at the death chart of the 20th century,"" he says, because he's the kind of guy that looks at death charts. ""I think everybody would say there must be a spike for World War I. Sure enough, there it is, like 25 million. And there must be a big spike for World War II, and there it is, it's like 65 million. But then you'll see this other spike that is as large as World War II right after World War I, and most people, would say, 'What was that?'""

""Well, that was the Spanish flu.""

No one can say we weren't warned. And warned. And warned. A pandemic disease is the most predictable catastrophe in the history of the human race, if only because it has happened to the human race so many, many times before.

In a 1990 paper on ""The Anthropology of Infectious Disease,"" Marcia Inhorn and Peter Brown estimated that infectious diseases ""have likely claimed more lives than all wars, noninfectious diseases, and natural disasters put together."" Infectious diseases are our oldest, deadliest foe.

And they remain so today. ""In a good year, flu kills over 10,000 Americans,"" says Dr. Thomas Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. ""In a bad year, it kills over five times that. If we have a pandemic, it will be much worse. People think the H1N1 flu wasn’t so bad. But more than 1,000 American kids died from H1N1!""

Each new year seems to bring its own sensational candidate for the next pandemic. In 2014, of course, it was  the Ebola outbreak — which killed more than 10,000 people, and sent much of America into hysterics. This year, a particularly infectious form of bird flu has ripped through 14 states, killing or forcing the slaughter of 39 million birds. Public health authorities are forcing the grisly massacre because the more birds around for the flu to infect, the more chances the flu has to mutate and reassemble itself into a form that can infect humans.

It isn't just the news that carries warnings. The culture is thick with our fear of infectious disease. Zombies, for instance, are everywhere — World War Z was a best-selling book and a blockbuster movie; The Walking Dead has become one of television's most popular shows. And zombies are a metaphor for infectious disease.

""When I was a kid, I watched AIDS go from an obscure, arcane curiosity to a global pandemic,"" Max Brooks, author of World War Z, told the CDC. ""What drove me crazy was that unlike the Black Death or the Spanish Influenza, AIDS could have simply been stopped by a pamphlet: A couple dos and don’ts, a little education and clear-headed leadership and it might have ended up as a footnote in a virologists’ medical text. If that’s not zombies, I don’t know what is.""

The CDC has even released a document titled ""Preparedness 101: Zombie Apocalypse."" The point, obviously, isn't that the CDC expects a zombie apocalypse around the corner; it's that since a zombie apocalypse is simply an infectious disease apocalypse, talking about how to avoid becoming a zombie is a safe way for people to talk about how to protect themselves from pandemic disease.

""When confronted with real anxiety, a lot of people shut down,"" Brooks said. ""For them, planning for an actual crisis is just too scary, too paralyzing to think about. Make it a zombie attack, though, then there’s some psychological padding.""

Pandemic disease is something our culture thinks about, knows about, fears. It's so topmost on our minds and in our nightmares that we've created an elaborate metaphorical architecture so we can talk about it even with people who are too scared to talk about it. We think about it so much, it seems almost ridiculous that we aren't ready. But we're not. Not even close.

Just look what happened with Ebola.

Ron Klain was an odd choice for Ebola czar.

Klain entered the Obama administration as Vice President Joe Biden's chief of staff. This was, itself, notable: Klain was chief of staff to Vice President Al Gore, too, making him the only person to serve in that position for two different vice presidents.

He quickly proved himself an exceptional fixer for the Obama administration, with a mix of policy, political, and bureaucratic chops that everyone agreed was rare. And so when President Obama needed someone to coordinate the US government's response, he turned to Klain. And Klain did his job. After a few early, botched cases, the Ebola outbreak ended on American soil. Ebola became what Americans were used to it being: someone else's problem.

But talk to Klain today, and he doesn't sound like a guy exulting in victory. He sounds scared. He doesn't think Ebola showed that America's response can work. He thinks it showed how easily it could fail.

""You can’t use the word lucky or fortunate about something like Ebola that killed 10,000 people,"" Klain says. ""But it was the most favorable scenario for the world to face one of these things. Ebola is very difficult to transmit. Everyone who is contagious has a visible symptom. It broke out in three relatively small countries that don’t send many travelers to the US. And those three countries have good relationships with America and were welcoming of Western aid.""

""With a pandemic flu, the disease would be much more contagious than Ebola,"" Klain continues. ""The people who are contagious may not have visible symptoms. It could break out in a highly populous country that sends thousands of travelers a day to the US. It could be a country with megacities with tens of millions of people. And it could be a country where sending in the 101st Airborne isn’t possible.""

Ebola, Klain thinks, shows how unprepared the world was for a disease that it's known about for decades and that, comparatively speaking, spreads pretty slowly. A person infected with Ebola can be expected to pass the disease on to two people, barring effective countermeasures (epidemiologists call this the ""reproduction number""). Two is not that high, as these things go. The SARS virus had a reproduction number of four. Measles has a reproduction number of 18.

What happens when the world faces a lethal disease we're not used to, with a reproduction number of five or eight or 10? What if it starts in a megacity? What if, unlike Ebola, it's contagious before the patient is showing obvious symptoms?

Past experience isn't comforting. ""If you look at the H1N1 flu in 2009,"" Klain says, ""it had spread around the world before we even knew it existed.""

Behind Gates's fear of pandemic disease is an algorithmic model of how disease moves through the modern world. He funded that model to help with his foundation's work eradicating polio. But then he used it to look into how a disease that acted like the Spanish flu of 1918 would work in today's world.

The results were shocking, even to Gates. ""Within 60 days it's basically in all urban centers around the entire globe,"" he says. ""That didn't happen with the Spanish flu.""

The basic reason the disease could spread so fast is that human beings now move around so fast. Gates's modelers found that about 50 times more people cross borders today than did so in 1918. And any new disease will cross those borders with them — and will do it before we necessarily even know there is a new disease. Remember what Ron Klain said: ""If you look at the H1N1 flu in 2009, it had spread around the world before we even knew it existed.""

Gates's model showed that a Spanish flu–like disease unleashed on the modern world would kill more than 33 million people in 250 days.

""We've created, in terms of spread, the most dangerous environment that we've ever had in the history of mankind,"" Gates says.

The science fiction writer William Gibson has a good line: the future is already here, it's just not evenly distributed. And nowhere is that truer than in health care.

According to the World Health Organization, the United States spends more than $8,000 per person, per year, on health care. Eritrea spends less than $20. Traditionally, Americans thinks of that as Eritrea's problem. But if a highly infectious, highly lethal new disease presents in Eritrea, and the world is slow to learn about it, then it will quickly become America's problem.

This is, of course, what happened with Ebola. If it had made its first appearance in the United States, it likely would have been caught, and contained, quickly. But as my colleague Julia Belluz wrote, the countries where the 2014 outbreak began ""happen to be three of the poorest in the world, and it took them at least three months to even realize they were harboring an Ebola outbreak."" By the time Ebola was recognized, it was already out of control — and so, for the first time, it made its way to American shores.

When I ask the CDC's Frieden what's needed to catch these diseases early, he doesn't hesitate. ""The most effective way to protect people is basic public health infrastructure,"" he says. ""That means laboratories for finding specimens, getting them tested, and discovering what's spreading. It means field epidemiologists. It means emergency operation centers. And you need to have that available day in and day out. If we've learned anything, it’s that you want an everyday public health system you can scale up for an emergency, not a system you only use in case of emergencies.""

The good news is this kind of system isn't all that expensive. Basic public health infrastructure is fairly cheap — around a dollar per person, per year. ""There’s no magic here,"" says Frieden. ""In Uganda, you have motorcycle couriers picking up specimens from hundreds and hundreds of health-care centers all over the country. They then send them to centralized centers. The expense isn't huge.""

The difficulty often isn't money; it's priorities. These aren't sexy investments. ""It doesn’t cost nearly as much as building a fancy hospital in your capital,"" says Frieden, with evident frustration.

But if you can find the disease and test it, then modern technology really does come into play. We can rapidly decode the basic structure and pathways of new diseases in ways that were unimaginable even a few decades ago — and that means we can come up with a response much more rapidly.

The bad news? ""You need a government that works,"" sighs Frieden.

Pandemic infections present three basic problems of governance. The first is countries that don't want to admit they need international help because they don't want to admit they have a problem in the first place.

""Guinea did not want to declare an Ebola epidemic,"" Gates says, ""because in terms of investors and travel, it's a death sentence.""

And it wasn't just Guinea, or even just Ebola. As Michael Specter wrote in the New Yorker:

The second is countries that can't admit international help, either because the state is too weak and fragmented to effectively coordinate with international actors or because the state is hostile to the organizations that would need to come in and offer relief. Imagine an outbreak that begins in Syria right now, and you get the idea.

The third problem is that no one really trusts the efficacy of the international institutions that would most naturally coordinate the response.

There is no other way to say this: the World Health Organization's Ebola performance was a disaster. ""The WHO’s slow response to Ebola has been universally condemned,"" reported the Guardian. ""The director general’s committee — which can declare a public health emergency — was not convened until August, eight months after the first cases and five months after public warnings from Médecins Sans Frontières, whose doctors were on the front line.""

Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel is now leading an effort to reform the organization. But similar mistakes during the SARS crisis and H1N1 have led to similar calls for WHO reform, and little has happened.

This isn't just an issue of bureaucratic incompetence. The WHO is underpowered for the problems it's meant to solve. About 75 percent of its funding comes from voluntary donations, and there's no mechanism by which it can quickly scale its efforts during an emergency. The WHO's member countries could fix this by giving the WHO more reliable, permanent funding — or even more reliable emergency funding mechanisms. But so far, no suggestions along those lines have gained much traction.

The result is that the WHO that will face the next major disease outbreak is likely to be quite similar to the WHO that faced Ebola, and H1N1, and SARS. As a senior US delegate to the World Health Assembly told Vox, ""Are we sure [the WHO] can do better next time? No.""

Whether through the WHO or some other mechanism, most experts agree that the world needs some kind of emergency-response team for dangerous diseases. But no one knows quite how to set up that team. ""That's what we’re lacking in the global system — a battalion of people in white helmets,"" says Klain. ""But who will own it? Control it? Pay for it? Deploy it? Those are the tricky things.""

This is in stark contrast to war, which is not necessarily more deadly to the human race, but is much better planned for. ""When you talk about war,"" Gates says, ""there are all these rules about how the government can seize various ships. But when an epidemic comes along, who is supposed to survey the private capacity and go out there and grab all these things?""

Look at what happened during Ebola, Gates continues. ""Where was the equivalent of the military reserve, where you get on the phone and you said to people, Now come! And they had been trained, and they understood how to work together. People who want to volunteer, do we pay them? What do we do with them after they come back, when people might have this fear that they've been exposed? Are employers going to take them back? What are the quarantine rules? It was completely ad hoc.""

This is what's so maddening about the modern fight with epidemic disease. Unlike in past eras, humanity has the tools it needs to protect itself. But global travel has far outpaced global governance — or even global disease response. Diseases move much faster than governments. ""This is the hole in the global system,"" Klain says, and no one really knows how to fix it.",1
2626,"Hope and change, the Hebrew edition","There is an path for Democrats to regain the presidency — and it does not run through Ohio, Michigan or Wisconsin.",1
588,The meaning of Matt Bevin: Why his victory undermines a major Democratic Party theory,"Sure, Bevin is better on the campaign trail than he was during his failed attempt to oust Sen. Mitch McConnell in 2014. But as a recent piece about the race in the Atlantic made clear, he still isn’t good. And while the voters of Kentucky are undoubtedly conservative, a look-over of Bevin’s political history reveals a man on the wrong side of the line separating “hyper-conservative” from “radical fringe.”

But he won, anyway. And despite what pre-election polls suggested, the outcome wasn’t even close.

This raises myriad questions for the Democratic Party, both in Kentucky and the nation as a whole. Most of those questions will center on the party’s get-out-the-vote apparatus, which increasingly seems to be useless for any election in which Barack Obama isn’t a candidate. In general, I chalk that up to the decline of organized labor. But Kentucky was never exactly Michigan. (In fact, the state is something of an outlier recently when it comes to the nation’s larger de-unionization trend.)

Regardless of unions’ strength, though, Democrats had hoped that policy successes would inspire their constituents to come out and vote. Specifically, they hoped that Bevin’s vow to dismantle the Affordable Care Act in Kentucky (as much as he can, that is) would inspire the hundreds of thousands of Kentuckians who’ve benefited to vote for its protection. By almost any metric, after all, Kynect — what they call the ACA in Kentucky — has been an inspirational success.

Democrats hoped voters would reward the party for successfully implementing such a major policy. But from today’s vantage, it’s painfully obvious that they didn’t. And that’s not just a problem in the Bluegrass State — it’s a problem for all Democrats. Because one of the foundational assumptions behind Kynect, the ACA, and much of the entire Democratic Party agenda is that good policy makes for good politics. In Kentucky, at least, it didn’t.

What does “good policy = good politics” mean? It basically means that an effective program can survive, even if it’s unpopular at the outset. Those who benefit, the theory goes, will eventually become a constituency (if they aren’t already) and will organize to preserve it. Think of Social Security or Medicare: They weren’t necessarily super-popular when they were first implemented, but once people started relying on them, they became the so-called third rail of American politics. But as left-wing critics of the Democratic consensus have long argued, there’s a problem with analogizing the ACA and Social Security. One of the programs is universal — everyone puts in; everyone takes out — and the other isn’t. And this isn’t incidental. It’s the reason why so many Tea Party types will rail against “handouts” but cherish their Medicare. It’s because they believe they’re simply receiving what they’re owed (they aren’t) and that the benefits go to them instead of good-for-nothing moochers. There are plenty of people in Kentucky right now who are better off because of the ACA. But many of them are beneficiaries of the law’s Medicaid expansion (which Bevin has promised to change, if not revoke) and thus lack political influence. And the rest? As far as many of them know, it’s not the ACA or “Obamacare” that they now rely on. It’s Kynect. And Bevin didn’t campaign against Kynect. He campaigned against Obamacare. Kentucky Democrats got the policy right, in other words; but it never paid political dividends. In fairness, it’s too early to say the debate is over. If Bevin tries to make good on his promises and is greeted with a backlash, he may trim his sails or abandon the initiative. Still, it’s not like Democrats didn’t spend much of the campaign warning about Bevin’s plans for health care in Kentucky. They did — a lot. It didn’t make a difference.",1
496,Nearly 300K New Jobs In February; Unemployment Dips To 5.5 Percent,"Nearly 300K New Jobs In February; Unemployment Dips To 5.5 Percent

The U.S. economy added 295,000 jobs last month, according to the Labor Department's monthly survey, and the unemployment rate dropped to 5.5 percent. The latest strong data beat expectations and follow a robust jump the previous month — a sign that the nation's economy is finally picking up steam.

Economists had predicted the economy would add 240,000 jobs in February and that the unemployment rate would notch back down to 5.6 percent, where it stood for December. The slight increase in the rate last month was attributed to strong growth in the labor force.

The average workweek for nonfarm payrolls was 34.6 hours, a figure that has held steady for five months. The average hourly wage rose 3 cents, to $24.78.

As NPR's John Ydstie reported this morning ahead of this morning's release by the department's Bureau of Labor Statistics, the report for January ""was stellar on almost every count. It revealed a monthly average for job growth of 336,000 over the previous three months, and it showed strong wage gains after years of disappointing growth.""

For February, the Labor Department says more jobs were added in food services and drinking places, professional and business services, construction, health care and in transportation and warehousing.

The latest report comes as the Federal Reserve has signaled that it is likely to raise interest rates, possibly as soon as June, based on the generally more robust U.S. economy and concerns about inflation pressures.

Today's reports shows 51,000 new jobs last month in professional and business services and 29,000 new jobs in construction. Transportation and warehousing added 19,000 jobs, and the retail sector gained 32,000. Over the past year, construction and retail have collectively gained about 320,000 jobs.

Reuters reports from London: ""The dollar hit an 11-year high against major currencies on Friday as investors bet the monthly U.S. jobs report would increase the chances of rate hikes, even as the European Central Bank embarks on a 1 trillion euro bond-buying campaign.""",1
4142,"Rubio: My pro-family, pro-growth tax reform plan for the 21st century","Six months ago, Senator Mike Lee and I offered a variety of ideas on how to reform America's tax code to be both pro-growth and pro-family. Our goal was to slash rates, shrink the IRS, create jobs, grow wages, and empower parents all at the same time. Since offering these ideas, I have gathered input from Americans of all economic backgrounds and engaged in discussions with leaders across the conservative movement to form a complete, pro-growth, pro-family tax reform agenda for the 21st century.

My plan is a significant departure from the old school tax reform ideas that so often come out of Washington. First, on the individual side, my plan reduces the number of brackets from seven to three: 15%, 25%, and 35%. The plan eliminates all exemptions and deductions, except for a charitable contribution deduction and a reformed home mortgage interest deduction.  Taxpayers will instead receive a personal tax credit that phases out for higher-income Americans.  This greatly simplified code will cut taxes for the vast majority of people.

Second, my plan cuts rates for all businesses – large and small – to no higher than 25%, which would finally make us competitive again with the rest of the developed world. My plan recognizes that big businesses shouldn’t get a larger tax cut than small businesses, which are the main drivers of economic growth. To further spur job creation, I will end federal taxation of business investment by allowing for immediate expensing. I will also shift to a territorial tax system, thus ending the double-taxation of profits earned abroad for both businesses and individuals.

Furthermore, my plan eliminates the double-taxation on saving and investment income. It provides a transition period during which we will move to a 0% tax rate on dividends and capital gains, which is a forward-looking way to benefit millions of everyday savers across all income levels. My plan also eliminates the death tax, finally putting an end to one of the IRS's most insulting practices.

A critical component of my plan is tax relief for middle-class parents. By providing a new child tax credit of up to $2,500, which phases out for wealthier Americans, we can ease the extraordinary financial burdens of parenthood. While some well-respected voices oppose this tax relief, I remain adamant that empowering struggling families should be a priority for any modern reform plan. I know from firsthand experience how expensive it is to raise children in the 21st century, and I believe our tax code should support parents rather than drain their budgets.

My reforms will target some of the highest costs facing families today. As part of my efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare, I will reform the tax treatment of health care to reduce costs and promote individual ownership of health insurance. I will consolidate all higher education tax incentives into one simple provision that will help millions of Americans pursue higher education. I will also promote an individual and corporate tax credit to finance school choice.

I believe one of the greatest threats to family life today is that too many Americans have to give up being with loved ones in times of great need in order to avoid losing their jobs. I will begin to solve this problem by providing a limited 25% non-refundable tax credit to any business that offers between four and twelve weeks of paid leave to workers with qualifying family or medical issues – for example, a newborn child in need of care, an elderly parent with declining health, a personal health crisis, or a spouse’s deployment.

My tax reform plan is designed to advance America's two most important goals in this century: a growing, opportunity-rich economy and strong, financially-secure families. Everyone in politics claims to support these goals, yet I can already hear the establishment voices saying my modern approach to tax reform is all wrong. They will say the tax code of the 20th century will continue to work in the 21st. They will say we can continue to raise taxes and increase spending without long-term consequences. They will say that to protect your job we need to raise your boss’ taxes – or that for you to climb up the economic ladder we have to pull someone else down.

I disagree. I believe everyone can benefit from a pro-growth and pro-family tax reform plan.  I believe by cutting taxes and simplifying the tax code, we will grow our economy and create more taxpayers rather than more taxes. I believe the plan I’ve offered is a vital step toward creating high-paying modern jobs, fostering more opportunity for more Americans, and making the 21st century a New American Century.

Republican Marco Rubio represents Florida in the U.S. Senate. He is a member of the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation and was a candidate for the Republican nomination for president in 2016.",1
5241,A new 50-state poll shows exactly why Clinton holds the advantage over Trump,"With nine weeks until Election Day, Donald Trump is within striking distance in the Upper Midwest, but Hillary Clinton’s strength in many battlegrounds and some traditional Republican strongholds gives her a big electoral college advantage, according to a 50-state Washington Post-SurveyMonkey poll.

The survey of all 50 states is the largest sample ever undertaken by The Post, which joined with SurveyMonkey and its online polling resources to produce the results. The state-by-state numbers are based on responses from more than 74,000 registered voters during the period of Aug. 9 to Sept. 1. The individual state samples vary in size from about 550 to more than 5,000, allowing greater opportunities than typical surveys to look at different groups within the population and compare them from state to state.

[How the Post-SurveyMonkey poll was conducted]

The massive survey highlights a critical weakness in Trump’s candidacy — an unprecedented deficit for a Republican among college-educated white voters, especially women. White college graduates have been loyal Republican voters in recent elections, but Trump is behind Clinton with this group across much of the country, including in some solidly red states.

The 50-state findings come at a time when the average national margin between Clinton and Trump has narrowed. What once was a Clinton lead nationally of eight to 10 points shortly after the party conventions ended a month ago is now about four points, according to the RealClearPolitics polling average. A number of battleground states also have tightened, according to surveys released from other organizations in recent days.

The Post-SurveyMonkey results are consistent with many of those findings, but not in all cases. Trump’s support in the Midwest, where the electorates are generally older and whiter, appears stronger and offers the possibility of gains in places Democrats carried recently. He has small edges in two expected battlegrounds — Ohio and Iowa — and is close in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan, each of which Democrats have won in six consecutive elections.

At the same time, however, Trump is struggling in places Republicans have won consistently and that he must hold to have any hope of winning. These states include Arizona and Georgia, as well as Texas — the biggest surprise in the 50-state results. The Texas results, which are based on a sample of more than 5,000 people, show a dead heat, with Clinton ahead by one percentage point.

Clinton also leads by fewer than four points in Colorado and Florida and is tied with Trump in North Carolina. In Colorado, other polls have shown a larger Clinton lead. In Mississippi, Trump’s lead is just two points, though it’s doubtful that the GOP nominee is in much danger there.

In a two-way competition between the major-party candidates, Clinton leads by four points or more in 20 states plus the District of Columbia. Together they add up to 244 electoral votes, 26 shy of the 270 needed to win.

Trump leads by at least four points in 20 states as well, but those add up to just 126 electoral votes. In the 10 remaining states, which hold 168 electoral votes, neither candidate has a lead of four percentage points or better.

A series of four-way ballot tests that include Libertarian Party nominee Gary Johnson and Green Party nominee Jill Stein project a somewhat narrower Clinton advantage, with more states showing margins of fewer than four points between the two major-party candidates. But even here, at the Labor Day weekend turn toward the Nov. 8 balloting, the pressure is on Trump to make up even more ground than he has in recent weeks if he hopes to win the White House.

The poll finds Johnson is poised to garner significant support. He is currently receiving at least 15 percent support in 15 states. The libertarian’s support peaks at 25 percent in New Mexico, where he served two terms as governor. He is only four points shy of Trump’s 29 percent standing there. His support in Utah is 23 percent, and in Colorado and Iowa it is 16 percent. Stein has less support in the poll, peaking at 10 percent in Vermont and receiving at least 7 percent support in 10 states.

Overall, the results reflect Trump’s strategy of maximizing support in older, whiter Midwestern states where his anti-free-trade message and appeals to national identity generally find more fertile ground.

But his struggles elsewhere, including places that have long supported Republicans, illustrate the challenges of that strategy in more diverse states where his stances on immigration and some other positions have turned off Democrats, independents and many Republicans.

To win the election, Trump must quickly consolidate the Republican vote. With prominent Republicans declaring they will not support Trump and some even announcing they will back Clinton, this represents a major challenge for the GOP nominee. In the Post-SurveyMonkey poll, Clinton is winning 90 percent or more of the Democratic vote in 32 states, while Trump is at or above that level in just 13.

As expected, the Clinton-Trump contest has split the electorate along racial lines. Their bases of support are mirror images: On average, Clinton does 31 points better among nonwhite voters than whites, and Trump does 31 points better among white voters than nonwhites.

The electorate is also divided along lines of gender and education, in many cases to a greater extent than in recent elections. Averaging across all 50 states, Clinton does 14 points better among women than men, and Trump does 16 points better among men than women. Clinton is winning among women in 34 states, and she’s close in six others. Trump leads among men in 38 states, is tied in six and trails in the other six.

It is among college-educated voters, however, where Trump faces his biggest hurdle. In 2012, white voters with college degrees supported Republican nominee Mitt Romney over President Obama by 56-42 percent. Romney won with 59 percent among white men with college degrees and with 52 percent among white women with college degrees.

So far in this campaign, Clinton has dramatically changed that equation. Among white college graduates, Clinton leads Trump in 31 of the 50 states, and the two are about even in six others. Trump leads among college-educated whites in just 13 states, all safe Republican states in recent elections.

Across 49 states where the poll interviewed at least 100 white college-educated women, Clinton leads Trump with this group in 38 states and by double-digit margins in 37. Averaging across all states, Clinton leads by 23 points among white women with college degrees.

Trump’s base among white voters without a college degree remains strong and substantial. He leads Clinton in 43 of the 50 states, and the two are roughly even in five others. She leads among white voters without a college degree in just one state: Vermont.

Overall, Clinton does 19 points better among white college graduates than whites without degrees while Trump does 18 points better among whites without degrees than whites with college educations, on average.

Trump’s challenge in the states that remain close will be to produce significant turnout among white, non-college voters to offset those Clinton margins, but it’s far from clear that there are enough of them to be decisive. Absent that, the GOP nominee must find a way to appeal to these college-educated voters during the final weeks of the campaign.

Trump’s strength across some of the states in the Midwest is one potential bright spot for the Republican nominee. Clinton’s biggest lead among the contested states in that region is in Pennsylvania, where her margin is just four points. In Wisconsin and Michigan, she leads by a nominal two points, while Trump leads by four points in Iowa and three points in Ohio.

Recent polls by other organizations have indicated that Wisconsin has tightened over the past month. A recent Suffolk University poll in Michigan shows Clinton leading by seven points, and the RealClearPolitics average in Ohio shows Clinton ahead by three points. Overall, among the quintet of Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa and Pennsylvania, Michigan has been the Democrats’ most reliable of the group, always one of the 15 best-performing Democratic states over the past five elections.

The Rocky Mountain West is another area of fierce competition. The Post-SurveyMonkey poll shows Colorado closer than other polls there, with Clinton leading by just two points and the race tied when Johnson and Stein are included. Meanwhile, Clinton and Trump are roughly even in Arizona. In Nevada, Clinton enjoys a lead of five points in head-to-head competition with Trump but by just three points in a four-way test.

Of all the states, Texas provided the most unexpected result. The Lone Star State has been a conservative Republican bastion for the past four decades. In 2012, President Obama lost the state by 16 points. For Democrats, it has been among the 10 to 15 worst-performing states in the past four elections.

The Post-SurveyMonkey poll of Texas shows a dead heat with Clinton at 46 percent and Trump at 45 percent. Democrats have long claimed that changing demographics would make the state competitive in national elections, but probably not for several more cycles.

A comparison of the current survey with the 2008 Texas exit poll (there was no exit poll there in 2012) points to reasons the race appears close right now. Trump is performing worse than 2008 GOP nominee John McCain among both whites and Hispanics, while Clinton is doing slightly better than Obama.

Among men, Trump is doing slightly worse than McCain did eight years ago. The bigger difference is among women. McCain won a narrow majority of women in Texas while Trump is currently below 40 percent. That’s not to say Texas is turning blue in 2016. Given its history, it probably will back Trump in November and possibly by a comfortable margin. But at this stage, the fact that it is close at all is one more surprise in a surprising year.",1
5175,"#MemeOfTheWeek: Trump Asked 'The Gays,' And Got Answers","#MemeOfTheWeek: Trump Asked 'The Gays,' And Got Answers

After last week's mass shooting that killed 49 people at Pulse, a gay nightclub in Orlando, politicians of all stripes have been speaking out about the LGBTQ community — arguing what should be done to protect them, speaking to the importance of their safe spaces, and pledging commitment to their needs. Presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump, per usual, seems to have made the most waves with his words.

On Monday, one day after the attack, Trump spoke as an ally of the community. ""A radical Islamic terrorist targeted the nightclub not only because he wanted to kill Americans, but in order to execute gay and lesbian citizens because of their sexual orientation,"" Trump said. He then called the attack a ""strike at the heart and soul of who we are as a nation,"" as CNN reported, saying it was an ""assault"" on people's ability to ""love who they want and express their identity.""

But by Wednesday, the tone had shifted. While Trump seemed to still be showing sympathy to gays and lesbians, the delivery was off for many watching — his talk shifted from support for the community to boastful pride. ""The LGBT community, the gay community, the lesbian community — they are so much in favor of what I've been saying over the last three or four days,"" Trump said during a campaign stop in Atlanta on Wednesday, defending his tough talk on limiting Muslim immigration and fighting ISIS.

""Ask the gays what they think and what they do, in, not only Saudi Arabia, but many of these countries, and then you tell me — who's your friend, Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?""

We're not even going to touch the fact that he used ""the"" in a strange way with those words, a thing he's done before when referencing other minority groups, like the Latinos, or the blacks. What stood out most, besides that precariously placed definite article, was the question: ""Ask the gays.""

Well, the gays answered. It was an exercise in Gay GIF (and Vines, and stills) Magic.

Some were just beyond words.

Even Hillary Clinton got in on the fun, with one simple word.

There was a certain power on display in all the tweets, and in the LGBTQ community's ability to not just speak for itself, but to find humor in a painful week, when politicians could be seen as using gays and lesbians as political props. But there is also a more serious undercurrent to #AskTheGays — how, why, and how quickly an entire group can become political footballs in moments of such distress.

To be fair, both Clinton's and Trump's records on LGBTQ issues are up for debate. Trump has spoken less disparagingly of gays and lesbians than he has of other minority and affinity groups, though he has opposed issues like same-sex marriage. He has said he would allow transgender people to use any bathroom at Trump Tower, but also argued that states should be allowed to decide their own policies concerning bathrooms for transgender individuals.

Hillary Clinton has gained the endorsement of most major LGBTQ organizations, and has campaigned with her support of same-sex marriage and transgender rights. But she did not always support same-sex marriage, and has made some missteps with the LGBTQ community before — most recently during the funeral of Nancy Reagan, when she argued that Reagan had helped advance the nation's conversation on AIDS. (Nancy Reagan's husband was actually silent on AIDS for years.)

Still, Clinton seems to have the advantage — in a May Gallup poll, 54 percent of those who identify as LGBT view Clinton as favorable while only 18 percent view Trump as such.

There is much to unpack in the way LGBTQ people have been both marginalized, co-opted, and embraced in just a matter of days since a physical safe space was taken from the community. But, in a way, #AskTheGays was able to create a safe space online in a week where it might have been particularly hard to find those spaces in the real world or our political discourse.",1
4293,Clinton debate performance enough to keep Biden on sidelines?,"Hillary Clinton was seen to help stabilize her faltering campaign Tuesday night with a debate performance that left little doubt she has a solid grip on the Democratic presidential race -- and may have sent a strong message to Joe Biden that time is running out if he envisions jumping in.

The Democratic front-runner and her closest competitor, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, dominated the debate stage in Las Vegas, relegating the other low-polling candidates to footnote status. But with the most to lose Tuesday night, the Clinton camp seemed to come out of the debate revitalized, with aides calling it the ""best day"" of their campaign.

""I think things have stabilized,"" Clinton pollster Joel Benenson said.

That claim will be put to the test in the coming weeks. The vice president continues to mull a 2016 bid, and the debate had been viewed by analysts as a significant factor in that ultimate decision.

Biden watched the debate Tuesday night from afar, at the Naval Observatory residence -- and time will tell whether he thinks there's still room for him. On Wednesday, Biden said only that all the candidates did a good job and he's ""proud of all of them.""

In comparison with the Donald Trump-dominated GOP debates, the lead-off showdown in Las Vegas Tuesday night was a relatively cordial affair for the Democrats, with the lively disputes centering on policy differences and not personal put-downs. But Clinton was the clear lightning rod, challenged early and often on her shifting positions - while also hitting back and trying to position herself as a practical progressive with every bit as much credibility with the base as candidates like Sen. Bernie Sanders.

""I'm not taking a backseat to anybody on my values, my principles and the results that I get,"" Clinton said, describing herself as a ""progressive who likes to get things done.""

The front-runner, who has faced an insurgent challenge from her left in Sanders' campaign, was visibly ready to tangle Tuesday with him and the three other candidates on stage at the CNN-Facebook debate.

While Sanders railed against a ""casino capitalist process,"" Clinton warned against abandoning the system that built America's middle class. And Clinton sparred with Sanders and others as they questioned her call for a no-fly zone in Syria, and criticized her 2002 support, as a senator, for use of force in Iraq, a decision she's since called a mistake.

Former Rhode Island Sen. Lincoln Chafee called it a ""poor decision"" and said he did his ""homework"" when he opposed that measure.

Clinton, in her defense, noted that President Obama asked her to be secretary of state because ""he valued my judgment.""

When former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley suggested lawmakers were overtaken by ""war fever,"" Clinton quipped: ""I am in the middle here - lots of things coming from all directions."" She then tweaked O'Malley by thanking him for endorsing her in 2008.

While Clinton and Sanders sparred at times, the Vermont senator mostly avoided aggressively attacking Clinton on stage.

When Clinton was pressed on her personal email scandal, Sanders even jumped to her defense.

In one of the more memorable moments of the night, Sanders said: ""I think the secretary is right. ... The American people are sick and tired of hearing about your damn emails.""

Clinton said, ""Me too."" She thanked him and shook his hand.

Chafee, though, added that ""credibility is an issue.""

The exchange came after Clinton responded to a question on the email scandal by saying she's taken responsibility for it and acknowledged it was a mistake.

She quickly pivoted to challenging the work of the congressional Benghazi committee, calling it ""basically an arm of the Republican National Committee.""

The former secretary of state was also challenged on her policy flips by moderator Anderson Cooper, who asked if she will say anything to get elected.

""I've been very consistent over the course of my entire life,"" Clinton responded. But she said ""like most human beings,"" she has absorbed new information.

Clinton was specifically challenged for opposing the Pacific-nation trade deal she once supported as secretary of state. Though she once called it the ""gold standard,"" she said Tuesday the deal ""didn't meet my standard."" She said she couldn't tell voters it would raise their wages.

Clinton, though, tried to turn the tables on her rivals, and took a crack at Sanders' record on gun control.

Asked if the Vermont senator is tough enough on gun violence, Clinton said, ""No, not at all"" and urged the country to stand up against the NRA.

She criticized him for voting for a 2005 bill giving gun manufacturers immunity from lawsuits. After Sanders described that bill as complicated, she said, ""It wasn't that complicated to me.""

Sanders responded, ""All the shouting in the world"" is not going to end the violence. He said the country needs to reach a consensus, and stressed that rural states view gun laws differently than other states.

Throughout the debate, former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb, the fifth candidate on stage, struggled to elbow his way into the conversation. He stressed his military experience and push for criminal justice reform and other issues while in the Senate.

Toward the end of the debate, Webb challenged Sanders for his big-spending proposals

""Bernie, I don't think the revolution's gonna come,"" he said, adding he doesn't think Congress would pay for a lot of his plans.

Webb, Chafee and O'Malley are all averaging at or below 1 percent in the polls nationally, according to RealClearPolitics.",1
3278,Is Mitch McConnell next?,"(CNN) Conservatives at the Values Voter Summit cheered Friday morning when they learned that House Speaker John Boehner was retiring. Friday afternoon, they cheered again when someone suggested the next establishment Republican to lose his job should be Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.

""Here's what I say in response to Speaker Boehner stepping down. Mitch McConnell, it is now your turn,"" Louisiana Gov. and GOP presidential candidate Bobby Jindal said to raucous applause.

After the news of Boehner's resignation, Arizona Rep. Matt Salmon told reporters he had texted his fellow conservative friend, Sen. Mike Lee, R-Utah, with the simple message: ""the next guy in the crosshairs is probably McConnell.""

The Kentucky Republican has never been the favorite of tea party-aligned conservatives. His budget deals with the Obama administration -- most notably the December 2012 agreement with Vice President Joe Biden averting the so-called fiscal cliff -- haven't endeared him to the base who say he gives up too much. He has declined to get rid of the Senate filibuster in order to block the Iran nuclear deal, and critics say he surrendered the fight over federal funding for Planned Parenthood by declaring early on that he would actively seek to avoid a government shutdown.

But McConnell likely isn't going anywhere. While talk radio may call for his head, there are no signs of a true in-house groundswell against him. Making things more difficult for a would-be insurgent, the Senate leader is elected only by his or her conference, meaning it would be harder to get the critical mass needed to unseat him.

That doesn't mean conservatives will be silent -- McConnell epitomizes the Republican establishment in Washington that several of the top GOP presidential candidates such as Donald Trump, Ben Carson and Carly Fiorina are running against.

Seventy-two percent of Republican primary voters said they are dissatisfied with the ability of Boehner and McConnell to achieve their party's goals, according to a new NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll. And 36 percent wanted them immediately removed from their leadership positions.

Jindal's other big applause line at the Values Voter Summit regarding Boehner: ""That's one down, that's 434 more to go.""

McConnell's office declined to comment, but referred CNN to the second-ranking Senate Republican, John Cornyn. ""As someone who's in constant contact with our members, it's clear Leader McConnell has overwhelming support within the conference,"" Cornyn said.

Rep. Bill Flores, R-Texas, said many House GOP members were frustrated with Senate Republicans for not pushing a more conservative agenda and taking up bills the House passed.

""In my view the Speaker fell on his sword for all of Congress, and I hope the Senate starts to get things done.""

To reporters, Salmon aimed his frustration at the filibuster and the 60-vote threshold that Democrats have used to block House GOP initiatives.

""A lot of the problem that we're engaged in is because the Senate doesn't take any action on anything,"" Salmon said. ""And there is nothing that any presidential candidate on our side says that will ever be realized as long as the modern day filibuster is enacted the way it is today.""

McConnell has been tested before from the right. He defeated tea party challenger Matt Bevin in a contentious 2014 Republican Kentucky Senate primary. And in July, Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, tore into McConnell in a rare personal attack on the Senate floor, accusing the majority leader of lying. Cruz said McConnell had promised he had not cut a deal to allow a vote on the Export-Import Bank, an institution Cruz believes is corrupt.

""If he was telling us the truth that there was no deal, why would he do what he just did?"" Cruz asked. ""We now know that when the majority leader looks us in the eyes and makes an explicit commitment that he is willing to say things that he knows are false.""

Cruz's attacks, however, may only have served to remind conservatives about how powerful McConnell is. Several influential Republican senators chastised Cruz after the incident.

""Squabbling and sanctimony may be tolerated in other venues -- or perhaps on the campaign trail,"" Hatch said, ""but they have no place among colleagues in the United States Senate.""",1
3438,Washington digs in for Supreme Court fight,"Washington (CNN) The White House is making clear that President Barack Obama will defy Republicans in Congress and on the campaign trail who want him to leave the momentous task of nominating a new Supreme Court justice to the next administration.

""This is not the first time that Republicans have come out with a lot of bluster, only to have reality ultimately sink in,"" White House Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz told reporters Monday.

Schultz pointed to previous White House victories over the GOP-led Congress -- raising the debt limit, implementing the Iran nuclear deal and reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank -- and said history shows ""Republicans fell back when their positions aren't tenable.""

Washington is in tumult after the sudden death of Justice Antonin Scalia, which left a turbulent White House race transformed, a lame-duck president back at the center of the political storm and Senate Republican leaders juggling an electoral hand grenade. After the shock of Scalia's passing and the swift eruption of a bitter partisan feud over his replacement, Obama and his GOP adversaries are digging in for a showdown.

Schultz emphasized Obama's plans to nominate a successor to Scalia and said it's the Senate's job to fulfill its constitutional duty to consider that nominee.

""There are no caveats. The Constitution does not include exemptions for election years or for the president's last term in office. There's no exemption for when a vacancy could tip the balance of the court,"" Schultz said.

But he said Obama won't select a nominee immediately.

""The president will take the time and rigor this process deserves before selecting a nominee. I would not anticipate an announcement this week, especially given that the Senate is out of recess,"" Schultz said Monday. ""But as soon as the Senate returns, the president was very clear that he's going to fulfill his constitutional responsibility to nominate a successor to Justice Scalia.""

That position ensures a titanic fight over Scalia's replacement, placing Obama on a collision course with Republicans while thickening the plot of an election that now leaves the White House, the Senate and the nation's top court up for grabs.

GOP presidential candidates are leading the charge in the battle over a replacement for Scalia, a beloved icon for conservatives who was found dead at the age of 79 at a resort in West Texas on Saturday. They are warning that since an appointment could remake the court for a generation as key legal battles over abortion rights, affirmative action and campaign finance loom, it should be put off until next year.

""This is for the people to decide,"" Texas Sen. Ted Cruz said at a rally in South Carolina on Monday. ""I intend to make 2016 a referendum on the U.S. Supreme Court.""

Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has already warned Obama not to try to fill the vacancy on the Court, saying it should be up to a new president to weigh in once voters have spoken in November.

McConnell must navigate a treacherous political moment and decide whether a Republican maneuver to block a confirmation process could benefit his party at the polls or risk driving up Democratic turnout in November and put his grip on the Senate at risk.

Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid and several other Democrats want Obama to choose a Supreme Court nominee who would inflict maximum political pain on Republicans because he or she would be very difficult for the GOP to oppose, according to two Democratic sources.

In other words, some influential Senate Democrats want Obama to choose a nominee who Republicans would ordinarily support but are only opposing now because it's an election year. This, they believe, would allow them to paint the GOP as intransigent and well outside of the mainstream, undermining the Senate GOP's election-year argument that they are committed to governing in a bipartisan manner.

Going this route, they believe, would increasingly ratchet up pressure on at-risk Republicans who are facing tough reelections, energize the Democratic base and potentially flip the Senate if the GOP stands in their way and denies a popular nominee a vote.

Reid spoke with White House chief of staff Denis McDonough shortly after Scalia's death, according to a source familiar with the call.

It's unclear who specifically Reid wants in the post. Some Democrats point to appellate judge Sri Srinivasan, who would be the first justice of South Asian descent serving on the court and was confirmed to his current post by a 97-0 vote in 2013.

""I think the president, past is prologue, will nominate someone who is in the mainstream,"" Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-New York, the likely incoming Democratic leader, said Sunday.

But several other Democrats are also pointing to other potential groundbreaking choices and candidates who don't hold judicial posts, including Sens. Amy Klobuchar, D-Minnesota and Cory Booker, D-New Jersey.

The sudden political crisis also put one group of Republicans -- swing-state senators whose seats could dictate whether the GOP can hang on to the chamber in November -- in a difficult position. Privately, senior Democratic officials told CNN that there's little chance of Obama's nominee winning confirmation unless these endangered GOPers break ranks.

One vulnerable incumbent, Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois, would not say if they wanted the Senate to deny Obama's nominee a vote.

Sen. Joe Manchin, a centrist Democrat from West Virginia, who often votes with Republicans, wants the Senate to act on a nominee when the President puts one forward, an aide to the senator told CNN.

But several others made clear they stood with Republican leaders who believe that the issue could invigorate conservative turnout in November.

""I strongly agree that the American people should decide the future direction of the Supreme Court by their votes for president and the majority party in the U.S. Senate,"" Sen. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, a vulnerable incumbent, said in an email to CNN.

And in a statement, Sen. Kelly Ayotte, a New Hampshire Republican facing a competitive reelection fight in 2016, said the Senate should not confirm a Supreme Court nominee until a new president is elected.

""We're in the midst of a consequential presidential election year,"" Ayotte said, ""and Americans deserve an opportunity to weigh in given the significant implications this nomination could have for the Supreme Court and our country for decades to come.""

On Monday, Sen. Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania became the fourth of five swing-state Republicans to back McConnell's strategy.

""We should honor Justice Scalia's legacy, and we should put off a decision on his replacement until the newly-elected president can make his or her choice,"" Toomey said in a statement.

Sen. Rob Portman, an Ohio Republican up for re-election this year, also said Monday he thought the future president should nominate Scalia's replacement.

""Whether the next president is a Republican or Democrat, I will judge any nominee on the merits, as I always have,"" Portman said in a statement.",1
726,"Trump Willing to Meet N.Korea's Kim, Wants to Renegotiate Paris Climate Accord","In a wide-ranging discussion, Trump also said he disapproved of Russian President Vladimir Putin's actions in eastern Ukraine, called for a renegotiation of the Paris climate accord, and said he would dismantle most of the Dodd-Frank financial regulations if he is elected president.

The presumptive Republican nominee declined to share details of his plans to deal with North Korea, but a meeting with Kim would mark a major shift in U.S. policy towards the isolated nation.

""I would speak to him, I would have no problem speaking to him,"" Trump said of Kim.

""At the same time I would put a lot of pressure on China because economically we have tremendous power over China,"" he said in the half-hour interview at his Trump Tower office in Manhattan.

China is Pyongyang's only major diplomatic and economic supporter.

Trump said the United States is treated unfairly in the Paris climate accord, which prescribes reductions in carbon emissions by more than 170 countries. A renegotiation of the pact would be a major setback for what was hailed as the first truly global climate accord, committing both rich and poor nations to reining in the rise in greenhouse gas emissions blamed for warming the planet.

Turning to the economy, Trump said he planned to release a detailed policy platform in two weeks. He said it would dismantle nearly all of Dodd-Frank, a package of financial reforms put in place after the 2007-2008 financial crisis.

""I would say it'll be close to a dismantling of Dodd-Frank. Dodd-Frank is a very negative force, which has developed a very bad name,"" Trump said.

The New York billionaire also said he perceived a dangerous financial bubble within the tech startup industry. He said tech companies were attaining high valuations without ever making money.

Trump also said he eventually wants a Republican to head the U.S. Federal Reserve, but said he is ""not an enemy"" of current chair Janet Yellen.

""I'm not a person that thinks Janet Yellen is doing a bad job. I happen to be a low-interest rate person unless inflation rears its ugly head, which can happen at some point,"" he said, adding that inflation ""doesn't seem like it's happening any time soon.""",1
2724,The attacks on George Stephanopoulos are getting the problem backward,"On the one hand, I find it weird that George Stephanopoulos donated $75,000 to the Clinton Foundation. He should have known how it would look.

On the other hand, look is really the operative word there. It's not as if Stephanopoulos's ties to the Clintons were some kind of closely guarded secret:

Stephanopoulos worked on Bill Clinton's 1992 campaign for president. He was communications director in Clinton's White House. The sudden realization that Stephanopoulos might be, in his heart of hearts, sympathetic toward the Clintons is a bit odd.

It's easier to see what's going on here when you realize Stephanopoulos wasn't the only media figure to donate to the Clinton Foundation. Dylan Byers reports that the hyper-conservative Newsmax gave more than a million dollars. So did James Murdoch — yes, he's one of those Murdochs — and the News Corporation Foundation, the Murdoch family's philanthropy, threw in at least another $500,000.

But no one much cares about those donations because no one really thinks Newsmax or Fox News are going to end up biased toward the Clintons. They care about Stephanopoulos's donation because they think Stephanopoulos is already biased toward the Clintons, and this just proves it.

But the attacks on Stephanopoulos are getting the possible scandal almost exactly backward. Stephanopoulos, Murdoch, Newsmax, and all the other Clinton donors weren't donating to the Clinton Foundation because they're biased toward the Clintons; they were donating to the Clinton Foundation because they want the Clintons to be biased toward them.

After all, if you're a powerful media figure trying to help out the Clintons on the sly, the last thing you want to do is publicly donate $75,000 to them so everyone thinks you're in their pocket. But if you're a powerful media figure — or a giant corporation — who wants to keep good relations with the Clintons, maybe you do want to make that donation. Bill Clinton, after all, was watching those donations carefully, and he was grateful to the people and institutions that stepped up to support a project he cared about.

It's hard to remember now, but Clinton managed, for a moment, to depoliticize his foundation pretty effectively. At the time Stephanopoulos made his contribution, supporting Clinton's charity was almost as bipartisan as supporting Simpson-Bowles. This was a moment when Mitt Romney and Donald Trump were also supporting the Clinton Foundation, after all. But that speaks to the deeper corruption of the Clinton Foundation, which became, to all appearances, a way for pretty much anyone to buy some goodwill with the Clintons.

Look at the other names on Byers's list of media or media-related companies that donated to the Clinton Foundation: Carlos Slim, Thomson Reuters, Bloomberg L.P., Time Warner, AOL, HBO, Twitter, Google. These titans and institutions weren't donating to Clinton Foundation just because they liked the Clintons — they were donating to the Clinton Foundation because they wanted the Clintons to like them.

Which is all to say that while it was a mistake for Stephanopoulos to donate to the Clinton Foundation, it didn't change much: he's either biased toward the Clintons in a way that affects his coverage, or he isn't, and that would have been true with or without his contribution. The more worrying question is whether the Clintons are biased toward the people and companies who give millions of dollars to their foundation.",1
4695,"Fight night in Las Vegas: High stakes for Trump, Clinton and Chris Wallace","Chris Wallace has got his work cut out for him.

The Fox News anchor has a rare opportunity as the moderator of tonight’s third and final debate here in Las Vegas. But it comes at an especially tumultuous time in the campaign.

I have no doubt about Wallace’s ability to ask fair, probing questions of both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. Well before I came to Fox, I believed that he was one of the toughest interviewers in the business. He has a wealth of experience to draw upon, including his previous stints at NBC and ABC, going back to his coverage of the Reagan White House.

Third debates usually matter less than the first two. The candidates have usually thrown their best stuff at each other and wind up recycling many of their attacks.

But this is not most campaigns.

Wallace told me after he became the first Fox journalist tapped to moderate a general-election debate that he’d have to wait in writing most of the questions to see what was covered in the first two faceoffs. Turns out a whole lot has happened since St. Louis.

The final encounter comes as Trump is denying allegations of sexual misconduct by nine women, and whether they are telling the truth or not, this changes the environment more drastically than Trump merely boasting about groping women on a tape he has dismissed as locker-room talk. And Trump has been increasingly at war with Paul Ryan, talking and tweeting about voter fraud, and accusing the media of rigging the election.

The debate also comes as a near-daily drip of disclosures from Wikileaks – and newly released FBI files from her email investigation -- causes more damage to the Clinton campaign. This goes beyond embarrassing comments and coziness with journalists to collusion with the State Department (including talk of a quid pro quo in exchange for changing the secret designation for some of the emails sent from Clinton’s private server).

These stories hang like a shadow over the Las Vegas Strip.

But while I assume that Wallace will deal with those stories fairly early, he also has the responsibility of tackling trade, terrorism, taxes and other issues that affect hundreds of millions of Americans. These subjects are too important to get short shrift in favor of the more scandalous and salacious stuff.

This is the last time for Trump and Clinton to make their case before a mass audience when it comes to persuading voters, but also in attacking their opponents and fending off the broadsides that come their way.

Beyond the zingers and tough exchanges, the debates always come down to which candidate can make more Americans feel comfortable with the prospect of him or her siting in the Oval Office and acting as their champion. The polls show that questionable temperament is Trump’s greatest liability and dishonesty is Clinton’s biggest albatross.

No matter what he does, if the past is any indication, Wallace will draw criticism from partisans on both sides.

But as he told me, he is there to facilitate a debate between two people, one of whom will be the next president. Chris would be perfectly satisfied if no one is talking about him after Las Vegas.

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
4824,Trump’s Hitlerian disregard for the truth,"The Economist, a fine British newsmagazine, is rarely wrong, but it was recently in strongly suggesting that the casual disregard for truth that is the very soul of Donald Trump’s campaign is something new under the sun. The technology — tweets and such — certainly is, but his cascade of immense lies certainly is not. I’d like to familiarize the Economist with Adolf Hitler.

I realize that the name Hitler has the distractive quality of pornography and so I cite it only with reluctance. Hitler, however, was not a fictional creation but a real man who was legally chosen to be Germany’s chancellor, and while Trump is neither an anti-Semite nor does he have designs on neighboring countries, he is Hitlerian in his thinking. He thinks the truth is what he says it is.

Soon after becoming chancellor, Hitler announced that the Jews had declared war on Germany. It was a preposterous statement because Jews were less than 1 percent of Germany’s population and had neither the numbers nor the power to make war on anything. In fact, in sheer preposterousness, it compares to Trump’s insistence that Barack Obama was not born in the United States — a position he tenaciously held even after Obama released his Hawaiian birth certificate.

At the time, people tried to make sense of Hitler’s statements by saying he was seeking a scapegoat and had settled on the Jews. Not so. From my readings, I know of no instance in which Hitler confided to an intimate that, of course, his statements about Jews were, as we might now say, over the top. In fact, he remained consistently deranged on the topic. He was not lying. For him, it was the truth.

Trump’s fixation on Obama’s birthplace is similar. It was not, as far as he’s concerned, a lie. It was a strongly felt truth that he abandoned only last week and then only under intense pressure — not out of conviction. To Trump, the lie was not what he had been saying about Obama’s birthplace; it was the one he had told when he finally was compelled to say that Obama was born in the U.S.A. The reason he did not apologize for having so long insisted otherwise is that an apology would have crossed his personal red line. Like a child, he had his fingers crossed.

Just as Hitler’s remarks about Jews were deeply rooted in German anti-Semitism, so was Trump’s birtherism rooted in American racism — with some anti-Muslim sentiment thrown in. Trump’s adamant insistence on it raised issues not, as some have so delicately put it, about his demeanor, but instead about his rationality. It made a joke out of the entire furor over revealing his medical records. I’m sure that Trump is fine physically. Mentally, it’s a different story.

In a purloined email, Colin Powell called Trump’s birther fixation “racist.” But the former secretary of state has never done so publicly, and his hesitation about Hillary Clinton — “for good reason she comes across as sleazy” — is no excuse for being AWOL in this fight. Like Henry Kissinger, George P. Shultz and some other GOP grandees, he has retreated to a neutral corner, as if the fight is not his, too. They all have their qualms with Clinton, but not a single one of them can possibly believe that the United States and its values will not survive her presidency. A Trump presidency is a different matter.

It’s a mistake to make the unreasonable compatible with the reasonable — to think, say, that Trump cannot be serious about this birther stuff or building a wall or likening the difficulties of becoming a billionaire to the loss of a son in Iraq. That was the authentic Trump, a man totally unburdened by concern for anyone else.

There is no lie that cannot be believed. Even after Germany had murdered most of Europe’s Jews, allied investigators at the end of World War II found that many Germans believed, as historian Nicholas Stargardt put it, that their country’s defeat only “confirmed the ‘power of world Jewry.’ ”

Germany was not some weird place. At the advent of the Hitler era, it was a democracy, an advanced nation, culturally rich and scientifically advanced. It had a unique history — its defeat in World War I, the hyperinflation of the 1920s — so it cannot easily be likened to the contemporary United States. But it was not all that different, either. In 1933, it chose a sociopathic liar as its leader. If the polls are to be believed, we may do the same.",1
93,University of Missouri protests: 'Just a beginning',"(CNN) On Tuesday, students went to classes as they usually do. Football players intended to take the field in preparation for their game against Brigham Young University on Saturday.

But something was very different at the University of Missouri campus.

Students on Tuesday woke up to what protesters call a small but important victory: a weeks-long protest movement that ousted both the university president and the school's chancellor.

African-American students at Missouri have long complained of a mealy-mouthed response by school leaders in dealing with racism on the overwhelmingly white Columbia campus. Black student leaders have conveyed their displeasure over students openly using racial slurs and other incidents.

""This is just a beginning in dismantling systems of oppression in higher education, specifically the UM system,"" said Marshall Allen, a member of the protest group Concerned Student 1950.

The speed of Wolfe's resignation shocked many. As late as Sunday, Wolfe didn't sound like a man who planned to leave his job, putting out a statement expressing a desire to have an ""ongoing dialogue to address these very complex, societal issues.""

But the tide had already turned against him Saturday night, when about 30 black members of the Missouri Tigers football team declared in a tweet that they wouldn't play until Wolfe was gone. By Sunday, more members of the team, black and white, and head coach Gary Pinkel publicly backed the players, and the media started paying attention.

By Monday morning, student groups were calling for walkouts and some faculty offered protesting students their support. The calls for his resignation grew louder.

So Wolfe -- who had presided over the university system, which includes the main University of Missouri campus in Columbia, along with the University of Missouri-St. Louis, University of Missouri-Kansas City and Missouri University of Science and Technology -- stepped down, saying he took ""full responsibility for the inaction that has occurred"" and urged the university community to listen to each other's problems.

""It is my belief we stopped listening to each other; we didn't respond or react,"" he said. ""Use my resignation to heal and start talking again.""

Students, faculty and staff converged on the Carnahan Quad after Wolfe's announcement. There, they linked arms and swayed side to side, singing, ""We Shall Overcome.""

Though the protesting students and some faculty say racial problems on campus go back decades, the current crisis took flight back in September, when Student Government President Payton Head took to Facebook to complain about bigotry and anti-homosexual and anti-transgender attitudes at the school after people riding in the back of a pickup truck screamed racial slurs at him.

""For those of you who wonder why I'm always talking about the importance of inclusion and respect, it's because I've experienced moments like this multiple times at THIS university, making me not feel included here,"" he wrote.

In early October, a drunken white student disrupted the Legion of Black Collegians, an African-American student group, while the group prepped for homecoming and used a racial slur when he was asked to leave.

Later that month, Concerned Student 1950 -- named for the year African-American students were first admitted to the university -- issued a list of demands, including an apology from Wolfe, his removal from office and a more comprehensive racial awareness and inclusion curriculum overseen by minority students and faculty.

L'Damian Washington, a former wide receiver on the football team, said that he was happy the team was able to add leverage to Butler's hunger strike and that the protest wasn't just about Missouri or being black. It was about discrimination in all forms everywhere, he said.

""Only a minority knows what it feels like to be a minority on campus,"" he said.

It's difficult to put yourself in others' shoes, he said, explaining that even though he and Butler are black, his experience -- as a football player -- on campus was different from Butler's.

A statement from head coach Pinkel and Missouri athletic director Mack Rhoades, released after Wolfe's announcement, said football activities would resume Tuesday.

The two men addressed the media Monday afternoon.

""There's no playbook. There's no script for what all of us have been dealing with. And I think, certainly, it's been also a great learning experience for everyone involved,"" said Rhoades.

""As we move forward, it's paramount as a campus and a community that this not divide us, but rather bring us together to listen, to grow, to understand and to create positive change,"" the athletic director said.

If the Tigers had failed to take the field Saturday against the Brigham Young University Cougars at Kansas City's Arrowhead Stadium, the home of the NFL's Chiefs, the team would have been forced to pay a cancellation fee of $1 million, according to a copy of the contract published in The Kansas City Star earlier this year.

""Our team's excited about getting going again and playing, and we're looking forward to our game against BYU this weekend,"" Pinkel told reporters, saying he got involved because he supports his players and because Butler's life was ""on the line.""

""My support of my players had nothing to do with anyone losing their job. With something like this, football became secondary,"" Pinkel said. ""I just know my players were suffering and they felt awful, and again, I'm like their dad, and I'm going to help them in any way I can.""

The University of Missouri's Columbia campus has a population of 35,000 students. The undergraduate student body is about 79% white, while African-Americans make up roughly 8% of undergraduates. The school's faculty is also more 70% white with black representation of just over 3%, according to the university.",1
1645,"Here’s Hillary Clinton’s big 2016 challenge, in one chart","As many have already observed, one of the big questions that will help decide whether Hillary Clinton wins the White House next year is this: Can Clinton turn out the coalition that helped power Barack Obama’s 2008 and 2012 wins at the same levels that the president did?

A new poll by veteran Democratic pollster Stan Greenberg, to be released later this morning, illustrates the challenge Clinton faces.

The new poll, which was commissioned by Women’s Voices Women Vote Action Fund and conducted by Greenberg Quinlan Rosner, shows that members of the Rising American Electorate — minorities, millennials, and single women — are significantly less tuned in to next year’s election than GOP-aligned voter groups are.

The poll has some good news for Democrats. The survey, which was taken in four key battleground states — Colorado, Florida, Ohio, and Wisconsin — suggests that in those states, the demographics do favor Dems. That’s because the poll finds that RAE voter groups — who helped drive Obama’s wins — now make up a “majority or near majority of the vote” in all those states. The poll also finds Dems leading in Senate races in two of those states and tied in two others.

But members of the RAE are insufficiently engaged in next year’s election when compared to Republican-aligned voter groups:

Unmarried women, minorities, and particularly millennials are less interested in next year’s voting than seniors, conservatives, and white non-college men are. Non-college women — a group the Clinton camp is reportedly eyeing as a way to expand on the Obama coalition — are also less interested.

“Unmarried women are a key dynamic in American politics,” Page Gardner, the president of Women’s Voices Women Vote Action Fund, tells me. “It’s clear that the party or candidate who can increase turnout of unmarried women and the other segments of the Rising American Electorate will be well-positioned for victory in 2016.”

Now, obviously there is a very long way to go, and plenty of time for these voter groups to get more engaged. If Clinton wins the Democratic nomination, and the prospect of electing the first female president seems increasingly within reach, you could see engagement kicking in much more substantially. (It will be interesting to see how non-college, unmarried, minority and millennial women respond.)

But Greenberg’s pollsters are sounding the alarm now, warning that Democrats need to take more steps to tailor their message towards boosting the interest level among these voters. As Stan Greenberg outlines in his new book, America Ascendant, the key to engaging these voters is two-fold. It isn’t enough to simply outline bold economic policies to deal with college affordability, child care (universal pre-K), workplace flexibility (paid family and sick leave), and so forth, though those things are crucial. What’s also required to engage these groups, Greenberg argues, is a reform agenda geared to reducing the influence of the wealthy, the lobbyists, and the special interests over our politics. Today’s new poll suggests the same.

The basic problem outlined by Greenberg (and noted by other Dem pollsters) is that, even if Democratic economic policies are broadly popular, this isn’t enough on its own, because many Americans don’t believe government can or will actually deliver on those policies. Greenberg writes: “when voters hear the reform narrative first, they are dramatically more open to the middle-class economic narrative that calls for government activism in response to America’s problems.”

Thus, it’s not an accident that Clinton, in addition to embracing a robust economic agenda, has also stressed campaign finance and voting access reform. Her campaign knows engaging these voter groups on Obama-like levels is crucial to her White House hopes, and seems to share in Greenberg’s analysis.

* IT’S ON!!! TED CRUZ VERSUS MARCO RUBIO: Bloomberg reports that Ted Cruz is carefully escalating the attacks on Marco Rubio, now that both are roughly tied in national polls. Cruz is making the case that he is a real conservative, while Rubio is competing in the “moderate” lane. But:

As I noted on Friday, the GOP race could shape up as a battle between Cuban-Americans over who is more anti-“amnesty.”

* ARE DEMS BROADENING THE SENATE MAP? Politico takes a look at the Senate map and finds signs that Democrats may be putting unexpected states in play:

But Dem chances of winning in places like North Carolina and Indiana may not be as great as expected. Still, Dems only have to flip four seats out of the above seven if they win the White House.

 * A BIG PUSH FOR AUTOMATIC VOTER REGISTRATION: The New York Times reports that a group called iVote, which is headed by former aides to Barack Obama and Bill Clinton, is pushing a national bill that would require states to make voter registration automatic with the issue of driver’s licenses. That’s not going anywhere. But:

It’s another reminder of the long-term importance for Democrats of regaining ground on the level of the states.

* AMERICANS DON’T THINK GOVERNMENT WORKS FOR THEM: A Los Angeles Times poll released over the weekend showed a fascinating disconnect: Americans say by roughly 60-40 that “unfairness in the economic system that favors the wealthy” is a bigger problem than “over-regulation of the free market that interferes with growth.”

But only one in 10 say the federal government “increases opportunities for people like me,” while half say government “gets in the way.” This — majorities see an unfair economy, but most don’t believe government can do anything about it for them — perhaps confirms the problem laid out in the lead item. (Though generic “government” always polls badly.)

* A DEEP DIVE INTO HILLARY’S EMAILS:  Hillary Clinton has claimed that “90 to 95 percent” of her work related emails are “in the State Department system.” Glenn Kessler does a very deep dive into the controversy over this statement and what is really true and what isn’t, concluding that it is “not unreasonable” for her to claim that most those emails might be in the State Department’s system, but that it is wrong for her to definitively declare this to be so.

The upshot is that these emails were sent over State Department servers, because they were sent to other State employees with .gov accounts, but the department has not made any official determination of how many of them have been captured.

* WHY IS MORTALITY RISING AMONG WHITES? With a new paper showing rising mortality rates among middle aged whites, Paul Krugman knocks down the conservative explanation that faults the left for eroding traditional values:

Krugman also suggests that many of these Americans may be feeling betrayed by the American dream, though he concedes economic explanations may not account for what’s happening.

* AND WE’VE HIT ANOTHER GRIM CLIMATE MILESTONE: Nothing to see here, folks:

Which gives me another excuse to link to my new feature on the current state of GOP climate skepticism.",1
3522,Donald Trump featured in new jihadist recruitment video,"Last month, The Washington Post reported that white nationalists have begun using Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump as a recruitment tool.

Now, the polarizing Republican presidential front-runner has become the recruitment fodder for another group of marginalized extremists.

A propaganda video released by the Somali-based al-Qaeda affiliate al-Shabab includes a clip of Trump calling on the United States to bar Muslims from entering the country, according to news reports. Trump made the statement following the Islamic State-inspired shootings in San Bernardino, Calif., last month.

The video was produced to look similar to a documentary and calls upon African Americans to join a holy war against the United States, according to the BBC.

Claiming the United States is a hotbed of racial inequality, police brutality and anti-Muslim sentiment, the film is an indictment of U.S. race relations and also includes historical civil rights-era footage of Malcolm X, an unnamed white supremacist and African Americans in prison, according to CNN.

The clip showing Trump, the BBC noted, arrives 10 minutes into the 51-minute propaganda video.

On either side of the Trump footage, NBC reported, are clips of Anwar al-Awlaki, the late al-Qaeda recruiter, urging Muslims in the United States to move to Islamic countries or wage war against the West at home. A U.S. citizen, al-Awlaki was killed in a drone strike carried out in Yemen in 2011.

“Yesterday, America was a land of slavery, segregation, lynching and Ku Klux Klan, and tomorrow, it will be a land of religious discrimination and concentration camps,” Awlaki can be heard saying in recorded footage.

He adds: “The West will eventually turn against its Muslim citizens.”

The al-Kataib Media Foundation released the video on Twitter on Friday, according to NBC.

Trump’s campaign did not immediately respond to requests for comment. But Saturday afternoon, news of the video did nothing to dim the ardor of supporters gathering for his rally in Biloxi, Miss. They began lining up seven hours before the candidate was scheduled to speak, and they utterly rejected the premise that Trump was providing grist for propagandists.

Some wondered whether the video was real. More insisted that the al-Qaeda affiliate was attacking Trump out of fear.

“ISIS, Al-Shabaad, al-Qaeda, all those groups — they don’t want Trump in office,” said Richard Coyne, 52, an Army veteran from nearby Gulfport, who retired last year.  “They want the status quo, which is unfortunately pro-ISIS, pro-Al-Qaeda, pro-Muslim.” ISIS is another name for the extremist group Islamic State.

Sarah Anderson, 57, of Hattiesburg, also an Army veteran who had once worked at the checkpoint at the Berlin Wall, said that any terrorist group that cited Trump was doing so because it is “scared to death of him.”

“He’s a threat to them,” she said. “That’s the opposite of promoting what the terrorists want.”

Some voters were unaware of the video but well aware that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton had warned of Trump’s rhetoric being promoted to recruit terrorists. Tom Simmons, a 68-year-old Vietnam War veteran from nearby Vancleave, was reminded of a time 45 years ago when liberals worried so much about winning hearts and minds that they did not do what was necessary for victory.

“I can’t comprehend anything that the Democrats say,” Simmons said. “The terrorists fear Trump right now. They’re going to do anything they can to make him look ridiculous and sound ridiculous.”

In controversial remarks made after the San Bernardino attack, Trump called for “a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country’s representatives can figure out what the hell is going on.”

[Donald Trump would strongly consider closing some mosques in the United States]

The propaganda video includes that line, but bleeps out the word “hell,” according to CNN.

In the wake of the Paris attacks, Trump said he would “strongly consider” shutting down some mosques and heavily surveilling others.

“I would hate to do it, but it’s something that you’re going to have to strongly consider because some of the ideas and some of the hatred — the absolute hatred — is coming from these areas,” Trump said in an interview on “Morning Joe.”

The video arrives on the heels of several heated exchanges between Trump and Hillary Clinton, in which Clinton has claimed Trump’s language aids jihadists.

“If you go on Arabic television, as we have, and you look at what is being blasted out — video of Mr Trump being translated to Arabic,” Clinton said at an Iowa town hall last month. “ ‘No Muslims coming to the United States,’ other kinds of derogatory, defamatory statements — it is playing into the hands of the violent jihadists.”

Trump’s comments, Clinton added, “lights an even bigger fire for them to make their propaganda claims through social media and in other ways.”

Trump responded to Clinton’s assertion by calling her “a liar.”

“It’s just another Hillary lie,” Trump said on NBC News’s “Meet the Press” late last month. “She’s a liar, and everybody knows that.”

David Weigel contributed to this report from Biloxi, Miss.

Muhammad Ali on Donald Trump: ‘Muslims have to stand up’ to anti-Islamic speech

Why Donald Trump’s call for a Muslim ban may work for him, in two charts",1
342,How Rand Paul’s criminal justice pitch is playing on the trail,"BOWIE, Md. - The last time Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky) spoke at a historically black college around here, it didn't go well.

Paul spoke at Howard University nearly two years ago, a trip that was filled with fumbles. He bungled the name of Edward Brooke, a Howard graduate who was the nation's first black Senator elected since Reconstruction, and asked if the audience knew the NAACP was founded by Republicans.

Friday, he came here to Bowie State University, another historically black college -- and this time, he came as a politician who seemed to have found his footing when it came to talking about race.

Paul was greeted with a standing ovation and his points were peppered with applause from the audience, a cross-section of races and ages. And some people liked what he had to say.

Shaniah Haskins, an 18-year-old freshman criminal justice major at Bowie State, said she'd wanted to hear Paul's views on the system.

""The simple fact is he'd change things for minorities based not just on race, but on other factors,"" including economic status, she said. ""He actually seems like he has a lot of ideas.""

Over the past few years, Paul has made criminal justice reform one of his signature issues. More recently, he's tied the call for reducing arrests and changing sentencing laws to the situation in Ferguson, Mo.

Speaking just days after the release of a scathing Department of Justice report that showed the Ferguson police department engaged in a systemic pattern of racial discrimination -- and the shooting of two officers -- Paul focused his remarks again Friday on reforming the criminal justice system. He spent about an hour at Bowie State University, about 18 miles from Washington. The visit there underscored one of Paul's goals as he ramps up to a universally expected announcement that he will run for president: reaching out to young and African-American voters.

Paul evoked Martin Luther King's ""Two Americas"" speech, and said that the split still exists, and by not reforming the criminal justice system the nation will stay divided.

""There is still significant segregation in our society,"" Paul said.

In Ferguson, Paul said, there are about 10,000 more arrests each year than the total population of the city. The frustration that is boiling over isn't only due to the killing of an unarmed black teenager by police there, or the death of a black man selling loose cigarettes in New York City, but because of longstanding disparities in the criminal justice system. .

""It isn't just about what happened this year. It's about this building up,"" he said. ""I call it an undercurrent of unease in this country. There are still two Americas.""

Paul's remarks are likely a preview of how he will handle issues of race and criminal justice should he jump into the presidential race. He often speaks of a trip he made to Ferguson last year, where he met with community leaders. He discussed it, unease he said he found in Ferguson and King's speech at a dinner for the American Prospect Magazine last month.

""You're not a part of that,"" he said to an audience that include billionaire David Koch, ""But imagine what it's like to be poor and to get a $100 fine and to have interest added to that and to have it be a $200 fine and we're putting people in jail for civil fines. We've got to figure out what justice is.""

At Bowie State, Paul told stories of people who had been put in jail unfairly due to mandatory minimums or because they couldn't afford to fight the system. Sentencing disparities aren't purposeful, he said, but ""are actual and real.""

Felony convictions, he said, are the ""number one"" thing that prevent people from voting, and he said that expunging criminal records for minor offenses would help the economy by making it easier for people to get jobs.

""Criminal justice, or the lack of criminal justice, it's not a black or white problem,"" Paul said. ""It's a poverty problem.""",1
3783,Police shooting of Antonio Zambrano-Montes in Washington state could be the next Ferguson,"The cellphone video shows Zambrano-Montes, a Mexican national, running away from cops after allegedly throwing rocks at police officers and cars, according to the New York Times. At one point, Zambrano-Montes turns around, and police open fire, killing him.

Investigators said police shot at the unarmed man 17 times, hitting him five to six times.

Police arrested Zambrano-Montes for assaulting an officer in January 2014, according to the Times. Police said he had thrown objects at them and tried to grab an officer's gun. He pleaded guilty in June.

Family members told the Times that Zambrano-Montes was unemployed in recent months. They said he was increasingly depressed and disoriented after he fell from a ladder at an apple orchard and broke both his wrists. In January, he was caught in a house fire that destroyed his belongings.

""What I know is that he was alone, that his wife had left him, that he couldn't see his daughters,"" Pedro Farias, his 32-year-old cousin, told the Times. ""I don't know what his reasons were"" for throwing rocks at police, ""but I know all of this affected him.""

Among the similarities between Ferguson, Missouri, and Pasco are racial disparities between the city's residents and local government. Pasco is nearly 56 percent Hispanic, but its local government isn't representative of the city's racial makeup, the New York Times reported:

The same was true in Ferguson following the August 9 police shooting of Michael Brown. The St. Louis suburb is 67 percent black, but at the time of the Brown shooting the mayor and police chief were white, just one of six city council members was black, zero school board members were black, and only three out of 53 commissioned police officers were black, according to the Los Angeles Times.

The Zambrano-Montes shooting fanned tensions between the local Hispanic community and city government. Hundreds of protesters marched in the week following Zambrano-Montes' death, with some voicing concerns that their own children could be killed by police. In response, the Pasco Police Department claimed it's working to recruit more Hispanic officers.

Similar protests, now under the banner of ""Black Lives Matter,"" came about following several police killings of black boys and men in 2014. In Ferguson, former police officer Darren Wilson fatally shot Brown, an unarmed 18-year-old. In Ohio, police killed 22-year-old John Crawford and 12-year-old Tamir Rice in two separate shootings after mistaking toy guns for actual weapons. In New York City, NYPD officer Daniel Pantaleo killed Eric Garner by putting the unarmed 43-year-old black man in a chokehold.

The most reliable data on police shootings, gathered by the FBI through local and state agencies, is extremely limited — to the point that some criminal justice experts disavow analyzing it altogether — since it's based on voluntary self-reporting. But the data is especially limited for Hispanic victims of police shootings.

Samuel Walker, a retired criminal justice professor from the University of Nebraska at Omaha, said there's no research on how many Hispanic victims are left out of police shooting data, but he has reason to believe they're undercounted.

Walker pointed out that other parts of the criminal justice system sometimes classify Hispanic people as white, likely overestimating the number of non-Hispanic white people shot and killed by police and underestimating Hispanic victims. In many cases, determinations of race and ethnicity are made by low-level officials, potentially leading to even more errors based on perceptions and prejudices regarding race.

Florida, the state with the third largest Hispanic population, is entirely excluded from the FBI's national tally of police shootings, further skewing the numbers.

""In short,"" Walker wrote in an email, ""we have no reliable data on Hispanic/Latino people shot and killed by the police.""

Two Supreme Court decisions in the 1980s, Tennessee vs. Garner and Graham v. Connor, set the legal framework for determining when deadly force by cops is reasonable.

Constitutionally, ""police officers are allowed to shoot under two circumstances,"" David Klinger, a University of Missouri-St. Louis professor who studies law enforcement officers' use of force, said in August. The first circumstance is ""to protect their life or the life of another innocent party"" — referred to as the ""defense-of-life"" standard by police departments. The second circumstance is to prevent a suspect from escaping, but only if the officer has probable cause to think the suspect poses a dangerous threat to others.

The logic behind the second circumstance, Klinger explained, comes from Tennessee vs. Garner. That case involved a pair of police officers who shot a 15-year-old boy as he fled from a burglary. (He'd stolen $10 and a purse from a house.) The court ruled that cops couldn't shoot every felon who tried to escape. But, as Klinger said, ""they basically say that the job of a cop is to protect people from violence, and if you've got a violent person who's fleeing, you can shoot them to stop their flight.""

what matters is the officer's ""objectively reasonable"" belief that there is a threat

The key to both of the legal standards — defense-of-life and stopping a fleeing violent felon — is that it doesn't matter whether there is an actual threat when force is used. Instead, what matters is the officer's ""objectively reasonable"" belief that there is a threat.

That standard comes from the other Supreme Court case that guides use-of-force decisions: Graham v. Connor. This was a civil lawsuit brought by a man who survived his encounter with police officers, but was treated roughly, had his face shoved into the hood of a car, and broke his foot — all while suffering a diabetic attack. The court didn't rule on whether the officers'  actions had been justified, but said police couldn't justify their conduct solely based on whether their intentions were good. They had to demonstrate that their actions were ""objectively reasonable,"" given the circumstances and compared to what other police officers might do.

What's ""objectively reasonable"" changes as the circumstances change. ""One can't just say, 'Because I could use deadly force 10 seconds ago, that means I can use deadly force again now,'"" Walter Katz, a California attorney who specializes in oversight of law enforcement agencies, said in August.

In the case of Zambrano-Montes, the legal questions are whether he was actually fleeing after he turned around and whether he posed an imminent threat to the officers or others, which police could substantiate if he was throwing rocks at officers as they allege.",1
4230,Donald Trump can’t stop saying nasty things about women. It could cost him.,"A nasty feud that escalated Thursday between Donald Trump and his chief Republican rival over their wives set off a new wave of alarm among establishment Republicans, who fear that the GOP front-runner would drive away female voters in a general-election fight with likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.

Trump’s gender problem flared again this week as he and Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas traded insults while Cruz’s wife, Heidi, became the target of vitriol on social media from Trump and his supporters. At one point, the real estate mogul retweeted an unflattering image contrasting Heidi Cruz’s appearance with his wife, Melania, a retired model.

“The images are worth a thousand words,” read the caption on the photo that Trump retweeted to his 7.2 million followers.

That message and others have prompted an outcry among Republicans and Democrats alike, while Cruz said Thursday that “real men don’t bully women.”

“Our spouses and our children are off-bounds,” Cruz told reporters while campaigning in Dane, Wis. “It is not acceptable for a big, loud New York bully to attack my wife. It is not acceptable for him to make insults, to send nasty tweets.”

The altercation underscores the striking nastiness of the GOP primary race and the uncomfortable gender politics surrounding Trump, who has a long history of making incendiary remarks about women and their appearance. Trump has shown little reluctance in attacking his female rivals — or some of his rivals’ spouses — in ways that strike many as sexist or demeaning, and many fear that the insults are a harbinger of the gutter rhetoric to come if he faces Clinton in November.

Trump has called Clinton “very shrill,” belittles her for a lack of stamina and energy, and late last year jabbed her and husband, Bill Clinton, for the latter’s marital indiscretions while he was president. In another instance, Trump said Hillary Clinton “got schlonged” in her 2008 primary fight against then-Sen. Barack Obama.

“I have some very real concerns should he become the nominee. I think it would be catastrophic for our party,” said GOP strategist Katie Packer, who leads the Our Principles PAC, an anti-Trump super PAC. “Half of the reason why I’m fighting so hard to stop Donald Trump is because I think he’s a walking, talking stereotype of a sexist misogynistic pig.”

Polling shows Trump sliding among women in recent months, hurting the GOP’s already shaky position with that demographic. Trump’s favorability numbers have decreased 10 points among women nationwide since November, to 23 percent, while his unfavorable number among women has jumped to 75 percent from 64 percent, according to a Washington Post-ABC News poll taken this month.

The changes among men have been less pronounced, with 37 percent now favorable and 59 percent unfavorable. In the states that have voted so far, Trump received an average of 41 percent of the male vote and 34 percent of the female vote.

The fight with Cruz began earlier this week when Make America Awesome, an anti-Trump super PAC, circulated ads on Facebook featuring a risque photograph of Melania Trump from a 15-year-old British GQ photo shoot. It was part of a concerted push to diminish the billionaire among values voters in Utah.

[The GOP — and its big funders — scramble to insulate Congress from Trump]

“Meet Melania Trump. Your next first lady. Or, you could support Ted Cruz on Tuesday,” the ad read.

Trump, who went on to lose the Utah caucuses, excoriated Cruz and issued a threat via Twitter: “Be careful, Lyin’ Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!”

Trump — who wrongly alleges that Cruz was behind the ad — defended the tweet Wednesday on Fox Business Network, saying it was a “disgraceful” and “terrible thing” that demeaned his wife, “a very, very successful model.”

Then came Wednesday night, when Trump retweeted the unflattering image of Heidi Cruz, setting off a fresh series of condemnations.

To Trump’s critics, the attacks on Cruz are just the latest in a troubling pattern of reducing women to their physical appearance and disparaging them in exceptionally personal ways.

Exhibit A is the long-running on-again, off-again feud with Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly, whom Trump called “crazy” and “average in so many ways” in a series of tweets last week. Fox News said the name-calling is part of a “sick obsession” that “is beneath the dignity of a presidential candidate.”

Sen. Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.), a former presidential candidate and an outspoken critic of Trump, said Thursday on MSNBC, “I’m worried that young women think that the standard-bearer of the Republican Party believes that Megyn Kelly is a bimbo.”

GOP strategists fear that Trump clinching the nomination could present an opportunity for Democrats, who are poised to choose the first female presidential nominee and who in past elections have accused Republicans of waging a “war on women” over access to affordable women’s health care, abortion rights and pay equity.

Trump’s treatment and views of women have been a central issue throughout his presidential campaign. At the first GOP debate, in August, Trump berated Kelly for asking him about past insults of women and singled out actress Rosie O’Donnell as the specific woman he referred to as a “fat pig.” A month later, Trump criticized the appearance of rival Carly Fiorina, the only woman who sought the GOP nomination. “Look at that face,” he told Rolling Stone magazine. “Can you imagine that, the face of our next president?”

Marcy Stech, communications director at Emily’s List, which has endorsed Clinton, said “the Republican base might find this amusing, but the reality is that these are just the kinds of misogynistic and outrageous comments that will cause lasting damage with women voters.”

She added: “We’ll have plenty of opportunities to remind women voters of this moment even after today’s news cycle has blown over.”

Packer said Trump’s standing with female voters could also endanger the GOP’s hold on the Senate or even the House. At the same time, Packer said, she thinks the anti-Trump movement could prevent the party from being branded by Trump alone.

“Hillary Clinton is very, very vulnerable among this group of women that she needs to have as her base: independent women, and soft Republican women. She’s very vulnerable with them today,” Packer said. “Should we nominate Donald Trump, they will flock to her because they see him as someone who’s repulsive. And it’s not just about so-called ‘women’s issues,’ it’s about how he values women and about how he’s willing to make women feel to benefit himself.”

For months Trump has defended himself against accusations of being offensive to women, saying that he hits all his challengers equally. He labeled former Florida governor Jeb Bush “low energy” and sought to diminish Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida with the nickname “Little Marco.”

“I’d hit you the same way,” Trump told NBC’s Chuck Todd in February when pressed on the issue. “I mean, you are the perfect one to ask that question — you have been, you know, under fire from me for a long time, and you are far from a woman.”

“I think there are some women — there’s one sitting right over there in the beautiful red dress. You see that woman over there? I have great respect for that woman over there,” he said, as Todd clarified to viewers that Trump was talking about veteran reporter Andrea Mitchell.

“I have great respect for that woman,” he said. “And I don’t know that she knows I’m talking about her. I’m talking about you. I would never do that to you.”

Emily Guskin, Abby Phillip and David Weigel contributed to this report.",1
2263,We Republicans Lost On Gay Rights. That’s A Good Thing.,"I’m not among those Republicans who have “evolved” on the issue of gay rights. I didn’t need to. I’ve always been attracted to the GOP message of more freedom and less government, but thought it hypocritical and counter to the core of our philosophy that Republicans would not apply those tenets to gay rights. But of course I was often the black sheep in campaign meetings during the 1990s and 2000s. There goes McKinnon again. Taking up for the gays. Although “gay” wasn’t the word that was used back then.

Politically, while it once helped political parties to use gay rights to divide and score political points (and the GOP didn’t have a monopoly on the issue; remember it was Bill Clinton who signed the Defense of Marriage Act), the wedge issue has now lost its edge, even, I would argue, in the 2016 Republican presidential primary. No Republican can win the nomination without the support of the business community. And Big Business is now at odds with the social conservative faction of the Republican Party over gay and transgender equality — and Big Business is winning.

Look at what’s happened in four states dominated by the GOP in the past year.

Weeks before the Super Bowl kickoff in 2014, the Arizona Legislature passed a bill allowing businesses to refuse service to gay customers. This “religious freedom” measure made it OK for business owners to kick customers out of their establishments if they opposed homosexuality on religious grounds. Scores of corporate titans in the travel and tourism industry, together with the NFL, opposed the bill. Gov. Jan Brewer vetoed it.

In Indiana this March, lawmakers tried to pass similar legislation, followed by a hell-hath-no-fury response led by Eli Lilly, Salesforce and Angie’s List, which canceled a $40 million project planned for Indianapolis. Marriott’s CEO said the legislation was “pure idiocy from a business perspective.” Gov. Mike Pence modified the bill, but the damage was done. (The state has since hired a global PR firm to resuscitate its image following the brouhaha.)

In Arkansas, same story. Seeing the firestorm that occurred in Indiana, Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson didn’t sign the original bill that hit his desk after calls for him to veto it came from his own son, and from Arkansas-based Wal-Mart, which said the bill ran counter to the company’s values. In the end, the governor signed a less toxic, less controversial bill.

And this week, Texas became the latest to join the fray.

The Lone Star State just wrapped its legislative session, which included two “religious freedom” constitutional amendments. Learning from what happened in the above states, industry groups and major businesses went out pre-emptively — let me say that again: pre-emptively — before such bills made it too far in the Legislature. The conservative state chamber of commerce, the Texas Association of Business, took the lead.

The amendments “would devastate economic development, tourism and the convention business,” said Bill Hammond, TAB’s CEO. “One has to look no further than Indiana to realize what a detriment this would be, and how hard it would be to sell Texas to the rest of the country. The Super Bowl [in Houston in 2017], the Final Four, all those things would be at risk in Texas if this were to become part of our Constitution.”

More than 250 Texas companies — American Airlines, Dell, Texas Instruments, Dow Chemical, the Dallas Mavericks — went on record with a general pledge in support of treating gay and transgender Texans fairly and equally under the law — and that welcoming and inclusive communities are essential to their bottom line.

Both amendments in the Texas Legislature died a quick death.

So: four states, same story and same result. If the “religious freedom” strategy can’t work in Texas — the bastion of conservatism and beacon for business — where can it work?

It’s not news this country has come a long way on LGBT rights. An evolution, a massive one, has taken place. Culturally, we’ve gone from taboo to tolerance, and in some cities, total embrace. Elections are always about the future, never about the past. And so my advice to GOP candidates is to recognize that since our society has largely moved on, and business has moved on, so should the party of Abraham Lincoln, who fought a civil war over civil rights.

Discrimination is now simply bad for the bottom line and bad for any brand, whether a company’s or a state’s. When it comes to recruitment and retention, the millennial generation, which will be 75 percent of the workforce by 2030, doesn’t have much tolerance for anti-gay anything. In fact, it’s become somewhat of a litmus test. 73 percent of millennials support LGBT nondiscrimination, according to Public Religion Research Institute. Surely, they use it as one criterion when deciding where to work.

Most businesses now have their own internal nondiscrimination policies for LGBT employees, but they want to see their larger communities in which they operate adopt similar welcoming and inclusive policies. Top talent is looking for both a great job and a great quality of life. To most folks, I would venture, that does not mean a city or state that looks the other way when discrimination happens.

It’s clear from the reaction of many of America’s leading corporations, that Big Business wants to do the right thing for and by employees — all of them. And most CEOs of the Fortune 500 are Republicans. So, they are paving the way for more in our party to jump on board with gay rights. If it’s good for business, it’s generally good for the Republican Party.

Negative national headlines on religious freedom continue to fuel a negative image of the entire party. Both in my private conversations with and in public (and private) polling, conservatives are moving ever closer to supporting full equity for LGBT Americans. Gallup’s Values and Beliefs poll released last month showed a more than 20 percentage-point increase since 2001 in Americans (63 percent) who believe “gay and lesbian relations” are “morally acceptable”. You don’t get to a supermajority like that without Republicans. Even Texas conservatives support protecting gay and transgender folks from employment discrimination.

Republicans, like the rest of Americans, support nondiscrimination laws because most of us have gay family members, friends and co-workers and want to treat them as we would want to be treated. And having heard from moms and dads who want this great country to treat their gay child just like their straight child has been a powerful narrative. It really is all about family standing up for one another. Most people believe equality under the law can and does work well alongside protecting religious freedom — which must be and is protected, even cherished, in our Constitution.

Shockingly, it’s still legal in the United States of America, even as we may be on the brink of having marriage equality in all 50 states, to fire and evict gay and transgender folks — and kick them out of a restaurant — simply for being who they are. This is patently wrong and needs to be fixed.

Democrats and Big Business are at work fixing it, together. That would have been an odd pairing years ago. The GOP position is untenable — and out of step with one of its key constituencies. It’s time to stand up to the social conservative wing and move into the future.",1
3281,"Senate Leaders Announce Deal On Human Trafficking Bill, Clearing Path For Loretta Lynch Vote","WASHINGTON -- Senate leaders announced Tuesday that they've resolved a weeks-long standoff over a sex trafficking bill containing controversial anti-abortion language, clearing the way, at last, for U.S. attorney general nominee Loretta Lynch to get her confirmation vote.

Lynch has been waiting for more than five months for a confirmation vote. Most recently, Republican leaders tied the vote to passage of the trafficking bill. That bill has nothing to do with Lynch, but as long as it wasn't moving, neither was Lynch's confirmation.

Aides to Sens. Patty Murray (D-Wash.) and John Cornyn (R-Texas) have been working for weeks to break the impasse. As introduced, the bill would have collected fees from sex traffickers and put them into a new victims fund that would be subject to the Hyde Amendment, the federal provision that bars the use of federal funds for abortions except in cases of rape and incest. Democrats objected to the abortion language in general, but more so because the bill expanded the Hyde Amendment to include private funds.

Under the deal announced Tuesday, the bill will create two funding streams. The first one flows from fines collected from sex traffickers, and would be used for survivor services excluding health care. This stream would not include Hyde Amendment restrictions. The second one would come from community health center funds that are already subject to the abortion limits.

The deal lets both parties walk away with a solid talking point: Democrats can celebrate that they prevented an expansion of Hyde, while Republicans can say they didn't cave on restricting abortion funds.

""I’m pleased that we were able to reach a deal that gets this done in a way that does not expand restrictions on women’s health to non-taxpayer dollars or to new programs, and provides survivors with real dedicated funds for the support and services they need,"" Murray said on the Senate floor.

A spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said he expects the Senate to pass the sex trafficking bill on Wednesday. From there, the Senate will move to Lynch's confirmation vote.

McConnell said the attorney general nominee should get a vote ""in the next day or so.""

Last week, President Barack Obama fumed that Republicans have made Lynch wait for so long, saying the delay is just ""embarrassing.""

CORRECTION: This story previously misstated the nature of the survivor services that would benefit from the funding collected from sex trafficking fines under the legislation. Those services would not include health care.",1
3152,Anti-Semitism growing in Europe,"While I understand this sentiment is coming from a place of concern, European Jews should not leave out of fear and should push their leaders to defeat anti-Semitism and radical Islamist terrorism. That said, none of this is surprising. After all, we've recently witnessed murderous terrorist attacks on the Jewish communities of Copenhagen, Denmark, and Paris, attacks that have shaken an already fearful community to its core. Each attack adds to the feelings of insecurity among European Jews and adds more levels of necessary security.

As a result of the intensified wave of anti-Semitism and Islamist terrorism, Jews in Europe are eschewing Jewish identifying symbols and are afraid to attend prayers and to send their children to their Jewish schools. This has led to an unprecedented desire to leave their home countries and flee to greater freedom and security.

But seeing schools doubling as high-security facilities sends a message to our children -- who are the next generation of European Jewry -- that their lives are in constant danger.

Of course, it is understandable and natural that the authorities choose to take heightened security measures to prevent further loss of life. But the fight must be taken to the perpetrators rather than allowing it to infringe further upon the everyday lives of the victims. If, in the words of European leaders, they would like the Jews of Europe to stay and not to emigrate, then they must find a way to return a semblance of normalcy to the everyday lives of Jews across the continent. To defeat this bloody and belligerent strain of terrorism and the specter of radical Islamism and Jew-hatred, European authorities must be more proactive in hunting down terrorists before they act and not grant them a victory by further imposing restrictions on Europe's Jews. The threat is not country specific, so the response must be found in Europe as a union. European nations need to immediately and urgently come together to form a pan-European authority to deal with anti-Semitism and this new form of homegrown radical Islamist terrorism, with significant resources tasked with finding concrete practical solutions. The first step that has to be taken is to bolster and improve intelligence-gathering and sharing across Europe. The current system is neither efficient nor vigilant enough. Many of the perpetrators of the recent massacres of Jews were well-known to the police. Many crossed borders, seemingly with little trouble, before and after they committed their bloody acts. Police and law enforcement also need to be strengthened. This includes actively enforcing laws against incitement and anti-Semitic speech and taking a firmer approach against those who promote hate and violence. Enforcement authorities must enter and act within largely Muslim areas where police might ordinarily be reluctant to enter Additionally, new legislation to combat radical Islamist terrorism and anti-Semitism must be passed. The reality is that Europe is dealing with a new threat using an infrastructure that was not built to deal with homegrown terrorists who run freely in Europe and kill people seemingly at will. In short, European authorities have to change the current mode of action and move from a paradigm of almost pure defense onto the attack. Our continent has known in the past how to deal with threats to our way of life, and as in the past, the best chance of victory is to be found in a continentwide unity of purpose. Any weakness in a European-wide response to this new threat -- not just to Jews, but also to the very essence that our union was built upon, like freedom of thought and speech -- will be exploited by the terrorists and their supporters. There are probably dozens of attacks at various stages of planning taking place in towns and cities across Europe. It is not enough just to increase security at any possible target, because this policy alone is not working and cannot be a long term answer. It is time Europe went on the offensive.",1
1582,Republicans are the ones hiding behind ‘political correctness’,"The Republican presidential candidates and the far-right echo chamber have made “politically correct” an all-purpose dismissal for facts and opinions they don’t want to hear.

Take Donald Trump’s claim that when the World Trade Center towers collapsed on 9/11, “I watched in Jersey City, New Jersey, where thousands and thousands of people were cheering as that building was coming down. Thousands of people were cheering.”

The Post’s Fact Checker columnist, Glenn Kessler, found no evidence to support Trump’s claim and gave him Four Pinocchios, reserved for the most baldfaced lies. PolitiFact gave the statement a Pants on Fire rating, denoting extreme mendacity. But when ABC’s George Stephanopoulos pressed the GOP front-runner to explain himself, noting that “police say it didn’t happen,” Trump resorted to what has become a familiar dodge.

“I know it might not be politically correct for you to talk about it, but there were people cheering as that building came down,” Trump said.

Ben Carson, running second in the national polls, is even more fond of the political-correctness allegation — so much so that it could be considered a central theme of his campaign. It is unclear whether he actually knows or cares what “political correctness” means. The phrase is just more verbal romaine to add to the word salad that is Carson’s discourse.

He used it when challenged on his stance that a Muslim should not be president, even though the Constitution explicitly states there can be no “religious test” for public office. “Political correctness is imposed by the secular progressives and those who wish to fundamentally change our society,” he said. “Therefore, they make things off-limits to talk about, but you know what? I’m going to talk about it anyway.”

In other words, he considers the framers of the Constitution a bunch of “secular progressives,” since they’re the ones who put a candidate’s faith off-limits. That’s not the loopiest thing Carson has said (his attempts to discuss financial reform are in a class of their own) but it’s in the top 10.

The renowned neurosurgeon took the same route Sunday when Stephanopoulos — who had a busy morning — asked him to react to Trump’s call for the United States to resume harsh interrogation techniques for terrorism suspects, including waterboarding.

“I agree that there’s no such thing as political correctness when you’re fighting an enemy who wants to destroy you and everything that you have anything to do with,” Carson said. “And I’m not one who is real big on telling the enemy what we’re going to do and what we’re not going to do.”

But Carson is a medical doctor who took an oath to heal and alleviate suffering. Or maybe he believes that Hippocrates, the father of Western medicine, was just another PC lemming, blindly following the secular progressives who are leading us to our collective doom.

New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, asked about his view that the United States should accept no Syrian refugees, said we should not bow to “political correctness, the elites in Washington or the editorial pages of major newspapers.” Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.), asked this summer whether he thought the term “anchor baby ” was offensive, told reporters “we need to stop this politically correct nonsense.” Former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee, after making a joke about transgender people that some found offensive, responded that “everybody wants to be politically correct, everybody wants to be loved by the media and loved by the left and loved by the elitists.”

And it’s not just GOP candidates who have the anti-political-correctness bug. Many conservative commentators have been quick to condemn the “politically correct” Princeton University students who demand that the school remove symbols honoring Woodrow Wilson — a onetime Princeton president — because of his racism.

These critics ignore the historical fact that Wilson was racist not just by today’s standards but by those of his time. He wrote that African Americans were an “ignorant and inferior race.” He lavishly praised the Ku Klux Klan and pined for the Confederacy. As president of the United States, he ordered that integrated federal government workplaces be segregated; NAACP founder W.E.B. Du Bois wrote of one black clerk who “had a cage built around him to separate him from his white companions.”

Yes, I’m being politically correct. But also truthful.

Read more from Eugene Robinson’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook. You can also join him Tuesdays at 1 p.m. for a live Q&A.",1
2523,Seeking Refuge: Five lessons from Europe's migration crisis,"Europe is struggling with the greatest mass-movement of people across its borders since World War II. And the crisis has exposed the limitations and gaps in its immigration system.

A Greek riot police officer (r.) stands guard as migrants and refugees wait a registration procedure at the national stadium of the Greek island of Kos on August 12.

Europe is experiencing the largest movement of people across its borders since World War II, and it is struggling. It’s not just wrestling with capacity and enforcement, as the crush of Middle Easterners and Africans take to the Mediterranean and trek across frontiers, but also testing the limits of its humanitarianism.

The human tide has weighed heavily on some countries and inundated swaths of European countryside or urban space – eliciting fortitude and generosity of spirit, which has been undercovered. It has also revealed a dark side to the continent: fences, tear gas, riots, and hate speech.

Today’s migrants are as poor or traumatized as those refugees during World War II, but many are also black or Muslim. They stand out in communities that have long known nothing but homogeneity. And they are entering at a time when EU citizens question what it really means to live in the 28-member union.

These questions have been brewing for years, but the sheer scale of migration has thrust them suddenly from abstract scenarios into a situation demanding answers now. Through July of this year, some 340,000 have attempted to reach Europe’s doorstep according to EU statistics, nearly three times the same period of last year. And so far nearly 2,440 have died trying.

In an ongoing series called Seeking Refuge, the Monitor has searched for themes and lessons learned in the midst of one of the European Union's greatest modern tests.

When a boat capsized in April off of Libya, killing nearly 800 migrants on board, the argument that the EU should scale back patrols to deter migration – as they were doing at the time of the tragedy – was flipped on its head.

Rescue patrols and walls factor into a migrant’s choices to attempt the trip, but it doesn’t deter his or her decision to leave war or poverty. Life is still better in Europe.

That has been put in sharp focus in Greece. We kicked off the series on the island of Kos, where migrants were steadily streaming in amid an economic crisis that sapped the Greek state's capacity – or appetite – to house and care for thousands of newcomers. Since then tens of thousands have arrived anyway, with 21,000 showing up in one week in August alone.

2. Much of Europe see the migrants as 'the other guy's' problem

Greece and Italy face the physical crush of arrivals, while Germany, Sweden, and Britain are where most migrants want to go. Germany announced this week that it expects 750,000 asylum claims this year, four times more than last year.

Yet in between are nearly two dozen countries that do not see migration as their problem. An EU plan to relocate and resettle some 60,000 migrants has sent much of Europe into an emotional tailspin. One of the countries feeling the brunt of criticism for not doing its part is Britain.

Central and Eastern Europe, meanwhile, which have almost no experience with this type of migration, condemned Brussels for placing a burden on their shoulders where they say it doesn’t belong – even though emigration has long been that region's only escape valve. In the end, a broad, mandatory relocation plan was torpedoed in favor of a smaller, voluntary one – which nonetheless continues to rile.

""There is no incentive for central European countries to accept relocation. They don’t see it as their problem,” said Elizabeth Collett, director of the Migration Policy Institute Europe in Brussels.

For all of the anger directed at Brussels, critics make a valid point too. Europe's system for accepting migrants doesn’t work. The policy that’s been most tested is the Dublin Regulation, the European treaty that stipulates that refugees must have their asylum applications processed by the EU country they first set foot in. Though the convention is meant to be mandatory, overloaded periphery countries are turning a blind eye to the migrants who wish to move on, as virtually all do.

So the migrants easily leave, and take advantage of another European rule that applies to most countries in the bloc: the passport-free Schengen zone.

Earlier in the summer, France started checking passports at its frontier with Italy to dissuade migrants from entering – a violation of Schengen rules, particularly as it happened just as Europeans kicked off the summer vacation season.

“This is a much wider problem than Schengen, but Schengen is the victim because it becomes a symbol of all the fears, that we are defenseless,” explained Marc Pierini, a visiting scholar on European policy at Carnegie Europe in Brussels.

Now many of those same migrants who crossed the Italian-French border are amassing in Calais, at France’s northern edge. This time they face a harder task moving onto their final destination, Britain, both because of geography and because Britain is not part of Schengen. Thousands have stormed the Eurotunnel this summer, leaving at least nine dead.

4. Some Europeans have been magnanimous

This migration crisis has given a high-profile platform to xenophobia. It has led Hungary, where numbers of migrants entering has dramatically spiked, to start building a wall. The Slovakian government said it would accept refugees from Syria but only Christian ones, not Muslims.

And yet, there are European citizens who are trying to rise above the fear. As the newest flashpoint has appeared in the Balkans, at Greece’s border with Macedonia, authorities have tried to keep them back with batons. Meanwhile, one group waits for their arrival – with supplies.

“I’ve never seen anything like this,” said Gabriela Andreevska, a young Macedonian who spends most nights at the border, helping the migrants trying to reach the EU. “So many people sleeping on concrete. They’re there, and you can’t turn a blind eye.”

In the heated discussion about Europe’s migration crisis, which can bleed into the wider debate over security and terrorism, it’s easy to forget the most important lesson of all. Each migrant is a person, with families back home and a lifetime of aspiration and regret behind him or her.

The Monitor captured the human element by following the path of two Syrians through Europe’s borders until they finally reached northern Europe. Living in a tidy apartment in Germany, well-housed and fed and nearly guaranteed to be granted refugee status, one of them was still anxious; his mother and sister were still in war-ravaged Syria.

“I want to bring my family, and I’m just wasting time,” he said. “I don’t want to see one of them in [the news] someday.”",1
403,The Nation He Built,"On March 23, 2010, President Barack Obama signed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, the 906-page health care reform law known as Obamacare. It was, as a live microphone caught Vice President Joe Biden exclaiming to his boss, a big deal, with Biden memorably inserting an extra word for emphasis—and for history—between “big” and “deal.”

Obamacare would cover millions of the uninsured, a giant step toward the Democratic dream of health care for all. It also included dozens of less prominent provisions to rein in the soaring cost and transform the dysfunctional delivery of American medicine. It was the kind of BFD that the most consequential presidencies are made of, even though it had squeaked through Congress without any Republican votes, and few Americans truly understood what was in it.

Even fewer Americans understood what was in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, the 55-page addendum that officially finalized Obamacare. This was the strange legislative vehicle that Democrats had jerry-rigged to drag reform around a Republican filibuster. Its substance was mostly an afterthought—the New York Times ran a dutiful story on page A16 after it passed—but as Obama noted when he signed it the next week at Northern Virginia Community College, it included another BFD.

“What’s gotten overlooked amid all the hoopla, all the drama of last week, is what’s happened in education,” he said.

Yes, education. Tucked into the parliamentary maneuver that rescued his health care law was a similarly radical reform of the trillion-dollar student loan program. When Biden’s wife, Jill, a professor at Northern Virginia, introduced Obama that day, she called it “another historic piece of legislation.” The House Republican leader, John Boehner of Ohio, complained that “today, the president will sign not one, but two job-killing government takeovers.”

Obamacare wasn’t really a government takeover, but the student loan overhaul actually was; it yanked the program away from Sallie Mae and other private lenders that had raked in enormous fees without taking much risk. The bill then diverted the budget savings into a $36 billion expansion of Pell Grants for low-income undergraduates, plus an unheralded but extraordinary student-debt relief effort that is now quietly transferring the burden of college loans from struggling borrowers to taxpayers. It all added up to a revolution in how America finances higher education, completely overshadowed by the health care hoopla and drama.

Over the past seven years, Americans have heard an awful lot about Barack Obama and his presidency, but the actual substance of his domestic policies and their impact on the country remain poorly understood. He has engineered quite a few quiet revolutions—and some of his louder revolutions are shaking up the status quo in quiet ways. Obama is often dinged for failing to deliver on the hope-and-change rhetoric that inspired so many voters during his ascent to the presidency. But a review of his record shows that the Obama era has produced much more sweeping change than most of his supporters or detractors realize.

It’s true that Obama failed to create the post-partisan political change he originally promised during his yes-we-can pursuit of the White House. Washington remains as hyperpartisan and broken as ever. But he also promised dramatic policy change, vowing to reinvent America’s approach to issues like health care, education, energy, climate and finance, and that promise he has kept. When you add up all the legislation from his frenetic first two years, when Democrats controlled Congress, and all the methodical executive actions from the past five years, after Republicans blocked his legislative path, this has been a BFD of a presidency, a profound course correction engineered by relentless government activism. As a candidate, Obama was often dismissed as a talker, a silver-tongued political savant with no real record of achievement. But ever since he took office during a raging economic crisis, he’s turned out to be much more of a doer, an action-oriented policy grind who has often failed to communicate what he’s done.

What he’s done is changing the way we produce and consume energy, the way doctors and hospitals treat us, the academic standards in our schools and the long-term fiscal trajectory of the nation. Gays can now serve openly in the military, insurers can no longer deny coverage because of pre-existing conditions, credit card companies can no longer impose hidden fees and markets no longer believe the biggest banks are too big to fail. Solar energy installations are up nearly 2,000 percent, and carbon emissions have dropped even though the economy is growing. Even Republicans like Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio, who hope to succeed Obama and undo his achievements, have been complaining on the campaign trail that he’s accomplished most of his agenda.

“The change is real,” says Ron Klain, who served as Biden’s White House chief of staff, and later as Obama’s Ebola czar. “It would be nice if more people understood the change.”

In a conflict-obsessed media environment that is not exactly geared toward substantive policy analysis, Obama’s technocratic brand of change has tended to be more opaque than, say, Donald Trump’s plan for a wall along the Mexican border or Bernie Sanders’ promise of free college for all. At times, its complexity has camouflaged its ambition. At other times, its ambition hasn’t lived up to Obama’s rhetoric; not everything has changed in the Obama era. For example, he talked a big game about eliminating wasteful programs, but other than killing the F-22 fighter jet, an absurdly expensive presidential helicopter and a hopelessly captured bank regulatory agency called the Office of Thrift Supervision, he hasn’t done much of that.

The most obvious thing Obama hasn’t done is usher in a new era of public enthusiasm for government action and the Democratic Party. He was reelected by a comfortable margin, but conservative Republicans have taken back both houses of Congress and made impressive gains in statehouses on his watch, riding a powerful wave of hostility to federal overreach. That political legacy could imperil some of Obama’s left-of-center policy legacy if a Republican is elected to succeed him. It has already stymied gun control and immigration reform, while forcing Obama to accept deep spending cuts he didn’t want.

But it’s remarkable how often Obama has gotten what he wanted, in many cases policies that Democrats (and sometimes moderate Republicans) have wanted for decades, and how often those policies have slipped under the radar.

",1
3418,A Hindu Justice? Why Religion Matters for the High Court,"President Barack Obama has pledged to appoint a replacement for Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, despite election-year opposition from Republicans.

Scalia, 79, was found dead in his room the morning of Feb. 13 while on a quail hunting trip at a West Texas resort. He reportedly died in his sleep.

Tensions are rising over whether or not President Obama should leave the appointment of Scalia's replacement to his White House successor. Tessa Dysart, a constitutional law professor at Regent University, explains the complicated road ahead.

Meanwhile, the president's list of possible replacements for Justice Scalia has now been leaked to the media. It includes:

Srinivasan, 48, seems to be a popular choice at the moment. He clerked for Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor and has argued more than two dozen cases before the court as a deputy solicitor general.

He was appointed unanimously to the D.C. Appeals Court. When he was sworn into office, he placed his hand on Bhagavad Gita, a Hindu holy book. If confirmed, would be the first Hindu to serve on the high court.

Meanwhile, an NPR article titled ""Does the Supreme Court need an Evangelical Justice?"" raises the issue about the religious makeup of the court.

A 2013 survey by the Public Religion Research Institute found that more than one in three (37 percent) U.S. adults say Supreme Court justices' religious beliefs shape their decisions on the bench ""a lot."" Another 44 percent say religion influences justices just a little, while 15 percent said religious beliefs ""have no influence.""

Justice Scalia, a devout Catholic and a Ronald Reagan appointee, was one of the most conservative members of the bench and was known for his Christian core.  His death brings the religious balance of the court into question.

There are five Roman Catholics currently serving on the court (Samuel Alito, Anthony Kennedy, John Roberts, Sonia Sotomayor, and Clarence Thomas) and three Jews (Stephen Breyer, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Elena Kagen).

Scalia's untimely death leaves conservatives without the 5-4 advantage they had on the court and has many wondering who will fill the void he leaves behind. With upcoming cases over abortion and religious liberty, the stakes are high.

Russell Moore, president of the Southern Baptist Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission, acknowledged the gravity of Scalia's loss and its timing.

""His death comes at a time when so much hangs in the legal balance, especially on questions of religious freedom,"" Moore told Baptist Press in written comments.

""Antonin Scalia was more than a brilliant jurist,"" he said. ""He was a man of conviction who stood, often alone, for the permanent things.""

So whether Scalia is replaced by a Jewish, Catholic, or evangelical, etc., justice, many agree that Scalia will be impossible to replace.",1
3457,Supreme Court Rules Obamacare Subsidies Are Legal,"The U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday handed the Obama administration a major victory on health care, ruling 6-3 that nationwide subsidies called for in the Affordable Care Act are legal.

""Congress passed the Affordable Care Act to improve health insurance markets, not to destroy them,"" the court's majority said in the opinion, which was written by Chief Justice John Roberts. But they acknowledged that ""petitioners' arguments about the plain meaning ... are strong.""

The majority opinion cited the law's ""more than a few examples of inartful drafting,"" but added, ""the context and structure of the Act compel us to depart from what would otherwise be the most natural reading of the pertinent statutory phrase.""

Roberts was joined by the court's liberal justices, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan, as well as by Anthony Kennedy.

In his dissent, Justice Antonin Scalia said: ""We should start calling this law SCOTUScare,"" an apparent reference to the fact the Supreme Court has now saved the Affordable Care Act twice. Scalia called the majority's reading of the text ""quite absurd, and the court's 21 pages of explanation make it no less so.""

As NPR's Nina Totenberg reported in March, opponents of the law contended ""that the text of the law does not authorize subsidies to make mandated insurance affordable in 34 states.""

At issue were six words in one section of the law. As Nina pointed out: ""Those words stipulate that for people who cannot afford health coverage, subsidies are available through 'an exchange established by the state.' "" She added:

The court agreed Thursday with the government's position.

The decision comes three years after a bitterly divided high court upheld the Affordable Care Act as constitutional by a 5-4 vote.

President Obama made a statement on the ruling late Thursday morning, saying the Affordable Care Act ""is here to stay.""",1
2182,To defeat ISIS we need grownups,"On the day ISIS-related terrorists spread out across Paris and killed more than one hundred people, Barack Obama claimed ISIS was “contained.” After the attacks, liberals actually tried to argue that the attacks in Paris showed how successful Barack Obama had been because ISIS was having to lash out to get attention. Yes, liberals actually argued this.

Earlier this year, while President Obama still considered ISIS to be a junior varsity team, he said the greatest threat to humanity was global warming.

At Saturday night’s Democratic debate, Bernie Sanders reaffirmed that global warming was the greatest threat to humanity and was also the root cause of terrorism in the Middle East. Meanwhile, Martin O’Malley said he still wanted to bring 60,000 Syrian refugees into this country, though we now know some of those refugees were involved in the Paris attack.

The White House Deputy National Security Advisor says the importation of refugees will go ahead as planned.

Then there is Hillary Clinton. As John Podhoretz noted Sunday, the former Secretary of State’s policy solutions amount to a jumble of contradictory platitudes:

We must “root out” ISIS, she said, and implicitly criticized Obama when she said it “cannot be contained, it must be defeated.”  At the same time, she said, “it cannot be an American fight.” However, “American leadership is essential.” And yet, she said, “I don’t think that the United States has the bulk of the responsibility.”

Instead, and breathtakingly, she suggests the person who must take the lead is Syria’s dictator, himself responsible for the slaughter of hundreds of thousands of his own people and the progenitor of the refugee crisis that is turning Europe inside out: “I really put that on [President Bashar] Assad and on the Iraqis and on the region itself.”

These are children and we need grownups.

The Republican Party rarely wins domestic policy elections. But when it comes to foreign policy, it turns out the American people want someone in the White House who is willing to kill bad guys while suffering no delusions. The Democrats are infantile and delusional. They have reached a point where no evidence contrary to their world view will ever be allowed to pierce their bubble and get them to change their ways.

Barack Obama and the Democrats have no intention of protecting us or killing ISIS. They instead want to wreck our economy with global warming regulations. They think if we wind up having to become powerless tent dwellers like ISIS, maybe then they’ll leave us alone.

The United States needs adults leading it right now.

Erick Erickson is a Fox News contributor. He is host of ""Erick on the Radio"" and founder/editor of The Resurgent. He is the founder of RedState.com. Follow him on Twitter @EWErickson.",1
2362,Hillary Clinton’s push on gun control marks a shift in presidential politics,"In her standard stump speech, Hillary Rodham Clinton talks about fighting income inequality, celebrating court rulings on gay marriage and health care, and, since the Emanuel AME Church massacre, toughening the nation’s gun laws.

That last component marks an important evolution in presidential politics. For at least the past several decades, Democrats seeking national office have often been timid on the issue of guns for fear of alienating firearms owners. In 2008, after Barack Obama took heat for his gaffe about people who “cling to guns or religion,” he rarely mentioned guns again — neither that year nor in his 2012 reelection campaign.

But in a sign that the political environment on guns has shifted in the wake of recent mass shootings — and of Clinton’s determination to stake out liberal ground in her primary race against insurgent Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) — Clinton is not only initiating a debate about gun control but also vowing to fight the National Rifle Association.

“I’m going to speak out against the uncontrollable use of guns in our country because I believe we can do better,” Clinton said Tuesday in Iowa City.

A few days earlier, she said in Hanover, N.H.: “We have to take on the gun lobby. . . . This is a controversial issue. I am well aware of that. But I think it is the height of irresponsibility not to talk about it.”

Clinton’s comments could stoke millions of politically active gun owners, and Wayne LaPierre, the NRA’s executive vice president, argued that the move was fraught with peril for her.

“We’ve been down this road before with the Clintons,” ­La­Pierre said through a spokesman. “She needs to read her husband’s book.”

In his memoir, “My Life,” former president Bill Clinton suggested that his vice president, Al Gore, lost the 2000 presidential election in part because of backlash in states such as Arkansas and Tennessee over the Clinton administration’s 1995 ban on assault weapons, which has since expired. Many Democratic lawmakers also lost their elections after gun-control votes.

The Republican 2016 presidential candidates, in keeping with GOP orthodoxy, have spoken out loudly against gun control. Many gave speeches at the NRA’s spring convention and tout their high ratings from the group.

Mark Glaze, a longtime gun-control advocate who until recently oversaw former New York mayor Michael R. Bloomberg’s gun-control efforts, argued that Hillary Clinton should embrace her husband’s record.

“The Clintons pulled off the almost-impossible by giving us the background-check system and banning assault weapons,” Glaze said. “That’s something President Obama wasn’t able to do. Their political interest lies in owning, rather than obscuring, that accomplishment.”

Many Democratic strategists said campaigning on guns is smart politics for Hillary Clinton both in the primary and, should she become the nominee, in the general election.

Gun control is one of the few issues on which Clinton has a more left-leaning record than Sanders, who represents a rural, pro-gun-rights state and has voted in the past for legislation to protect the firearms industry. Although Clinton has not attacked Sanders by name, by invoking guns she makes an unspoken contrast.

The issue also fits neatly into the overall narrative Clinton is trying to present. She can stake out a bold stance on an issue that plays well with the liberal base while arguing that she would break through the partisan stalemate in Washington.

There are few issues more in­trac­table than guns. In 2013, after the massacre of 20 young children and six educators at an elementary school in ­Newtown, Conn., a bipartisan compromise to expand background checks for firearm purchases failed to pass the Senate despite overwhelming popular support and President Obama’s backing.

Clinton began talking about gun control in the days following last month’s church shooting in Charleston, S.C., and aides said she plans to keep it in her stump speech, although she has no immediate plans to unveil a detailed gun policy.

“This is an important issue, and she believes that we cannot let partisan gridlock prevent us from continuing to seek ­common-sense safety measures,” said Clinton campaign spokesman Brian Fallon.

Despite his mixed voting record, Sanders did support the 2013 background-check bill and ­assault-weapons ban. And on the stump, he is trying to sound more forceful. He notes that “guns in Chicago and Los Angeles mean a very different thing than guns in Vermont and New Hampshire” but says — as he did two weeks ago in Bow, N.H. — that the next president must “come forward with a common-sense proposal on guns.”

In the Democratic field, former Maryland governor Martin O’Mal­ley has the strongest record in favor of gun control. He supported an assault-weapons ban as mayor of Baltimore in the early 2000s and then signed one into law as governor in 2013, along with a suite of gun restrictions that stand as among the nation’s toughest.

“He’s the only person in the race who’s led on this issue,” said O’Malley spokeswoman Haley Morris.

Looking to the general election, some gun-control measures are popular, especially with the coalition of swing-state Latinos, African Americans, and young and suburban women the Democratic nominee would need to win the White House.

“There is no more powerful force in an election than the suburban mother, and you don’t find a lot of suburban mothers that are against some sort of common-sense gun control,” said Mo ­Elleithee, a former Clinton adviser and Democratic strategist who now directs the Georgetown Institute of Politics and Public Service.

Other Democrats argue that Clinton has nothing to lose. Sen. Timothy M. Kaine (D-Va.) said the NRA has become a “paper tiger,” noting the elections he’s won despite the NRA’s vocal opposition.

“I think she has no illusion that even if she didn’t say a word about guns, the NRA would be out there blasting her to say she had a conspiratorial plan to work with the U.N. to take everybody’s guns away, so why not go head-on on an issue that will improve safety,” Kaine said.

A survey this year by the Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Policy and Research found that 89 percent favor requiring background checks for all gun sales, including 85 percent of gun owners. But polling is much more closely divided on other gun restrictions and does not account for the high intensity among gun-control opponents.

David “Mudcat” Saunders, a Democratic strategist based in conservative rural Virginia, warned that Clinton’s focus on guns could taint the entire Democratic ticket, including candidates for state and local offices.

“Never in the history of the Democratic Party have they started a gun debate that didn’t cost them numbers in the general election,” said Saunders, who supports the candidacy of former senator Jim Webb (D-Va.). “She’s trying to get to the left of Bernie, obviously, but I think it’ll hurt her in the long run — and it’ll cost anybody on the down ticket in the South and in rural America.”

In her 2008 presidential campaign, Clinton stayed nearly silent on guns. An exception was after Obama’s “cling to guns” comment surfaced, when she attacked him as being “elitist” and fondly recalled her father teaching her to shoot as a little girl at her grandfather’s Pennsylvania lake house.

Howard Wolfson, for many years a top Clinton aide before going to work for Bloomberg, said Clinton’s avoidance of guns in 2008 should not be mistaken for a lack of interest in gun control.

“I started working for her back in 1999 and she talked about it back then,” Wolfson said. “As a senator from New York, it was something that was important to her. I think in the wake of Newtown and Charleston, it’s more resonant in our political culture.”

In recent months, Clinton’s speechwriters and policy staff have sought counsel from Bloomberg’s group, Everytown for Gun Safety. Erika Soto Lamb, ­Everytown’s spokeswoman, said Clinton’s focus on the issue is “striking.”

“Knowing how hard we tried in 2012 to get [Republican nominee Mitt] Romney or Obama to say something about guns,” she said, “it is a changed world now when Hillary and other candidates are making it a part of their stump. This is the first presidential election when we’ve seen proactive statements.”

Jose DelReal in Iowa City and Scott Clement in Washington contributed to this report.",1
1405,KRAUTHAMMER: Jeb Bush had a breakout performance in the Fox News debate,"Conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer said after Thursday night's Fox News Republican debate that former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush (R) might have come away a big winner.

Speaking with Fox moderator Megyn Kelly shortly after the debate ended, Krauthammer said the former Florida governor turned in a strong performance — possibly the best of the night out of all the candidates on stage.

""I thought it was, interestingly, the best night that Jeb had in all of the debates,"" Krauthammer said. ""And I might even say I think he might have had the best night of the group in this debate.""

""He was very strong. He had one moment where he kind of flipped back to Marco Rubio on the question of immigration,"" he said.

Krauthammer was referring to a back-and-forth between Bush and Rubio on supporting a path to citizenship on for immigrants living in the country illegally.

Rubio said that Bush used to support a path to citizenship — to which Bush said, ""So did you.""

Bush then continued: ""I think it's important for people in elected office to try to force consensus to solve problems. There's never going to be a perfect bill. ... You shouldn't cut and run. You should stick with it. ... He cut and run.""

He was referring to the 2013 immigration bill that Rubio co-sponsored.

""What I found ironic here is it was kind of a reversal of that moment in one of the earlier debates when there was a tangle between Rubio and Bush and Rubio turned it very strongly against Bush,"" Krauthammer said. ""So I thought this was one debate where Bush did very well.""",1
1586,Is GOP ready to unite against Trump for his Muslim ban?,"Less than 24 hours after President Barack Obama aimed to set the tone for the country on a response to the threat of terrorism with an Oval Office address, Trump only needed a press release to cause an uproar with his call for an outright ban on Muslims entering the United States

The billionaire businessman stood defiantly by his statement on Tuesday morning, when he warned that failing to follow his plans would lead to another September 11-style terror attack on U.S. soil.

""You're going to have many more World Trade Centers if you don't solve it -- many, many more and probably beyond the World Trade Center,"" Trump told CNN's Chris Cuomo in a contentious interview on ""New Day.""

The episode is a microcosm of how the 2016 campaign has played out. Trump has consistently forced candidates, state party chairs, senators and conservative pundits to respond to his actions and quotes, however outlandish and improbable. And in turn, they have all struggled with the question of how to deal with the bombastic real estate tycoon who has dominated state and national polls since the summer.

Trump's enduring ability to frame the terms of the debate for the GOP continues to have party leaders fretting he will drive voters to Hillary Clinton, help down-ballot Democrats and cause long-term damage to the Republican brand.

Yet, unlike with past provocative statements, Trump appears to have sparked a level of backlash from GOP party leaders and his opponents that could be a tipping point for the willingness of fellow Republicans to criticize him directly and openly. Jeb Bush called Trump ""unhinged."" Ted Cruz said it wasn't his policy. And Dick Cheney, who previously said he would back the Republican nominee even it was Trump, said that Monday's proposal ""goes against everything we stand for and believe in.""

At a press conference on Tuesday, House Speaker Paul Ryan also slammed Trump.

""This is not conservatism,"" he said. ""What was proposed yesterday is not what this party stands for.""

But Trump has been here before -- his blustery statements only seem to have deepened his appeal to a subset of Republican voters, leading to a frustrated party establishment. Predictions of his demise have all proved to be premature.

""As a conservative who truly cares about religious liberty, Donald Trump's bad idea and rhetoric send a shiver down my spine,"" South Carolina GOP chairman Matt Moore tweeted. ""American exceptionalism means always defending our inalienable rights, not attacking them when it's politically convenient.""

Moore did not answer a follow-up question about whether he thinks Trump's comments are disqualifying and whether he would back him if he wins the nomination.

Trump's proposal, the latest in a string of provocative comments coming in the wake of the terrorist shooting that left 14 dead and 17 wounded in San Bernardino, California, drew cheers and applause from a crowd Monday in Charleston, South Carolina.

""Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country's representatives can figure out what the hell is going on,"" said Trump reading from a statement his campaign sent out shortly before the rally. ""We have no choice. We have no choice.""

Reggie Johnson, 38, who attended Trump's Charleston rally, agreed with the GOP frontrunner.

""I think it should be shut down for now until you find something, a better program in place,"" he said. ""I mean this is a free country for what's that's worth but I think it does need to be shut down until they get a cap on things.""

Republicans spent Sunday night condemning Obama's speech and his approach to combating terrorism. And they spent Monday night talking about Trump, who called for a religious test for who is admitted to the country right after Obama said it was ""our responsibility to reject"" such a test.

Bush's super PAC, Right to Rise, will begin running an ad called ""Desk"" in Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina and Nevada, that calls Trump ""impulsive and reckless."" While the ad doesn't specifically mention Trump's proposal, Bush supporters think he is best positioned to benefit from the shift to national security issues.

""Twenty-seven generals and admirals support Jeb Bush,"" the ad states. ""Because Jeb has the experience and knowledge to protect your family.""

Doug Heye, a veteran GOP strategist and former adviser to the Iowa Republican Party, said Trump's latest proposal would do more damage than some of his previous controversial comments.

""There are going to be newspapers throughout the world that are going to read 'Republican front-runner doesn't want Muslims to visit America,"" said Heye. ""It will make it easier for Democrats to portray the GOP as hostile to any minority. Ultimately, I think Donald Trump is the best asset Hillary Clinton has.""

Clinton tweeted that Trump's proposal was ""reprehensible, prejudiced and divisive."" Huma Abedin, Clinton's campaign vice-chairwoman, sent out an e-mail to Clinton supporters with the subject matter -- ""I'm a proud Muslim.""

""Unfortunately, Trump is leaning into the kind of fear of progress that very well could help him win the nomination,"" Abedin wrote. ""We have to be ready to stop him.""

Heye encouraged GOP contenders to condemn Trump's remarks, suggesting they take a dismissive tone like Bush did on Twitter. He warned that Trump's comments would be used to weaken the Republican nominee --- even if it's not Trump -- and will create challenges for Republicans in down-ballot races.

""Everything about Donald Trump's campaign has hurt the Party,"" Heye said. ""It hurts the party on a presidential level. It certainly hurts the party on a Senate level as well.""

Heye's remarks run counter to a strategy revealed in a leaked National Republican Senatorial Committee that suggested one way to run with Trump at the top of the ticket is to adopt his issues, if not his tone and rhetoric.

Senators were all over the map Monday as they were asked about Trump's proposal. Some were happy to blast the GOP front-runner, others, like Iowa's Joni Ernst, wanted nothing to do with the question.

Ernst, who occupies an influential spot among Iowa Republicans walked away from repeated questions about whether she supported Trump's call.

""Oh, I'm not going to comment on that,"" she said when asked by CNN about his comments. Asked again, she replied: ""I am not commenting on him.""

South Carolina Sen. Tim Scott, a first-term senator who has been hosting Republican candidates at forums and will be on the ballot in 2016, suggested that Trump's latest statements were simply par for the course.

""A lot of hyperbolic language is used during campaign season,"" Scott said in a statement to CNN. ""We need to focus on serious solutions to address the real dangers presented by ISIS.""

Sen. Jeff Sessions, an Alabama Republican who has advised Trump on immigration policy and appeared onstage with him at a rally in Alabama, didn't want to weigh in.

""I've been pleased that he took a lot of my ideas in his immigration policy, but I have not endorsed Mr. Trump or anyone else,"" Sessions said when asked about Trump's comments. Pressed on whether he would support Trump's proposal, Session's became quiet and stopped talking as he rushed to a Senate elevator.

Sen. Jim Inhofe, an Oklahoma Republican, said that Trump was wrong to call for a ban on all Muslim travel to the U.S. ""If he had changed instead of saying Muslim and said radical Islam, then I would agree with him. But I don't agree,"" Inhofe said, noting that there's a big difference between banning travel for anyone identified as a ""radical Islamic terrorist"" and all Muslims.

Sen. John McCain, the party's 2008 nominee and a supporter of Sen. Lindsey Graham's long-shot bid was clear: ""It's just foolishness. It's been a long series of statements like this that have been just foolish.""

McCain and Graham have been among the most critical of Trump, but all to no avail. Graham, for instance, trails Trump in his home state of South Carolina. And when Trump seemed to suggest that McCain, a Vietnam-era POW and the GOP's 2008 nominee, was not a war hero, it didn't hurt his standing in the polls.

Opponents and party leaders seem to be in search of a referee who can credibly rebuke Trump and block his path to the nomination.

""Is the RNC still moving forward with a fundraiser featuring Trump? Asking for a nation...."" tweeted John Weaver, a John Kasich adviser.

According to Sean Spicer, a spokesman for the RNC, Trump won't be at a Wednesday fundraiser in New York. But that decision was made well before Trump's latest comments, according to Spicer. Spicer didn't respond to e-mails about Trump's comments about Muslims.

In a 2013 autopsy, the RNC argued that to become a winning party at the presidential level, the party must be a more welcoming party and ""stop talking to itself."" But like no other candidate, Trump knows his audience, repeatedly doubling down on statements that have brought criticism from party elders.

His success highlights the competing factions of a leaderless party, searching for an identity. Republicans sought to strip the conservative label from Trump --- New Hampshire GOP leader Jennifer Horn, called his ideas ""un-Republican.""

Cheney weighed in as well.

""I think this whole notion that somehow we can just say no more Muslims, just ban a whole religion, goes against everything we stand for and believe in,"" he said on Hugh Hewitt's radio show. ""I mean, religious freedom has been a very important part of our history and where we came from.""

Bill Kristol, who tweeted that he has come to loathe Trump for ""soiling the robe of conservatism and dragging it through the dust,"" said in an email to CNN that the RNC is ""pretty helpless in situations like this.""

But with Trump's latest comments, he said that the stakes are now higher on Trump's opponents, who by now have plenty of practice in criticizing him.",1
4473,Republicans Target Senate Democrats Over Menendez Contributions,"Republicans are making clear they will do whatever they can to turn Senator Robert Menendez's legal troubles into a campaign liability for Menendez's fellow Democrats, starting with their No. 1 target for 2016: Minority Leader Harry Reid.

The National Republican Senatorial Committee is demanding that Reid pay back campaign contributions Menendez made to the Nevada Democrat during Reid's 2010 campaign. In press release Monday, the group said Reid had in the past returned money from donors who were under indictment.

“Harry Reid’s cardinal rule is if you’ve been indicted by the federal government, then he immediately returns your campaign contributions,” said NRSC spokesman Jahan Wilcox. “With Senator Menendez set to be indicted for corruption, Reid needs to abide by his own policy and dump the money he’s received from his corrupt Democrat colleague.”

The U.S. Justice Department is preparing corruption charges against Menendez, the top Democrat on the Foreign Relations Committee, a person familiar with the investigation said on March 6. Menendez was the panel's chairman before his party lost control of the Senate in January.

In a news conference on March 6, Menendez denied wrongdoing and said he won’t leave office.

Prosecutors have been examining whether Menendez illegally promoted the business interests of a friend and campaign donor, Salomon Melgen, a Florida ophthalmologist. The Justice Department will probably seek charges in the next few weeks, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the information isn’t public.

Menendez contributed $10,000 to Reid in 2009 through his leadership PAC, New Millennium PAC. He hasn't donated to Reid's 2016 re-election efforts.

Reid is the most high-profile—though not the only—Democrat whom Republicans seek to link to Menendez through campaign contributions. The group is also targeting other recipients of Menendez cash, including Colorado Senator Michael Bennet; Pennsylvania Senate candidate Joe Sestak, a former congressman; and Representative Chris Van Hollen, who is seeking a Maryland Senate seat.

Menendez, 61, served as chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee during the 2010 campaign cycle and donated $389,000 through his leadership PAC to Democrats that year, according to the Center for Public Integrity, a Washington group that tracks campaign spending.

Politico reported Monday that Reid voluntarily spoke to investigators last year about the Menendez investigation. Politico said its sources, whom it didn't identify, described Reid as a witness in the case. Reid spokesman Adam Jentleson didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.",1
2347,#MemeOfTheWeek: That Article From The Onion About Mass Shootings,"#MemeOfTheWeek: That Article From The Onion About Mass Shootings

You might have seen the article by now: "" 'No Way To Prevent This,' Says Only Nation Where This Regularly Happens."" The Onion, a satirical news site that runs fake news stories, has published a story with that headline three times over the last year and a half: this week after a shooter killed nine people at an Oregon community college; in June of this year after a violent rampage in a black Charleston church that also killed nine people; and last May, after a shooting at the University of California Santa Barbara that killed seven.

The facts and dates surrounding the particular shooting change each time the story is republished, but key lines remain:

The article's been shared thousands of times on social media, and some on Twitter have taken notice of the piece's repackaging:

The Onion, in its satire, has done something most of the ""mainstream media"" has refused to do: say how they really feel about mass shootings in America, said Dave Cullen, a journalist who has covered mass shootings for years and wrote the New York Times bestseller Columbine. ""I think what [the Onion article's popularity] says is we look for the people who tell us the truth — kind of the emperor's new clothes — who see through the stuff, and don't just print the same old stuff, or do the same old stuff, or do the safe stuff — the people who call us on our s - - -.""

Cullen agreed that The Onion article is #MemeOfTheWeek-worthy, explaining, ""The Onion completely nails it. That [the article] resonates because they totally got it.""

Cullen said another type of news satire has been doing the same thing — saying what journalists are afraid to say — for years. ""I think it's the same reason that a lot of the media, about 10 years ago, were shocked and kind of disgusted and horrified that a lot of young people were getting their daily news from The Daily Show with Jon Stewart.""

Not all of The Onion's satirical coverage of mass shootings in America have gone over as well. After a shooting that killed 12 at Washington Navy Yard in 2013, the website published a story with the headline: ""Location of Newest Mass Shooting Revealed. It's A Navy Yard, Authorities Confirm."" One person tweeted, ""This isn't funny."" Another called it ""gross stupidity.""

Of course, sometimes, there's no satire to praise or ridicule at all. Some tragedies leave even the satirists are at a loss for words. After the Charleston church massacre, Jon Stewart, instead of delivering a biting, satirical monologue on The Daily Show, started his comments after the shooting with the words, ""I've got nothing."" And The Onion, after the Sandy Hook massacre, wrote an article with the headline, ""F - - - Everything, Nation Reports.""",1
2919,Iraqi forces reportedly begin attack to recapture Tikrit from ISIS,"The Iraqi army, backed by Shiite, Sunni, and Iranian fighters, used artillery and airstrikes Monday to begin an attack on the city of Tikrit—Saddam Hussein’s hometown—in a major effort to reclaim dispute areas of Iraq from ISIS fighters.

A force of some 27,000 was attacking areas outside the city, with ground troops and airstrikes by Iraqi fighter jets, state TV reported Monday.

Despite earlier reports touting the offensive, hours into the operation, Iraq's military said it still hadn't entered Tikrit, but militants have been dislodged from some areas outside the city.

While some Iraqi reports suggested the Iraqi forces were being ""supported by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps on the ground"" and U.S., French and Iraqi air forces in the air, a Pentagon spokesman said the U.S. military was not involved in Monday’s offensive.

""We are not providing airpower to support the operation,"" Col. Steve Warren told reporters in Washington Monday. Warren also said that while the Pentagon was aware of the operation, Iraqi security forces had not requested air support from the U.S. military.

Tikrit, some 80 miles north of Baghdad, fell into the hands of ISIS last summer along with the country's second-largest city of Mosul, and other areas in its Sunni heartland. The city, which has an estimated population of around 260,000 people, may be best known as the hometown of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein.

Any operation to take Mosul from the Islamic terror group likely would require Iraq to seize Tikrit first, as the town sits on the main road from Baghdad. U.S. military officials have said a coordinated military mission to retake Mosul will likely begin in April or May and involve up to 25,000 Iraqi troops. But they have cautioned that if the Iraqis aren't ready, the timing could be delayed. Past attempts to retake Tikrit have failed, and Iraqi authorities say they have not set a date to launch a major operation to recapture Mosul.

News of the offensive came hours after Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi called on Sunni tribal fighters to abandon ISIS, warning that Tikrit ""will soon return to its people.""

Al-Abadi offered the Sunnis what he called ""the last chance"", and promised them a pardon during a news conference in Samarra, 60 miles north of Baghdad. His office said he arrived in Samarra to ""supervise the operation to liberate Tikrit from the terrorist gangs.""

""I call upon those who have been misled or committed a mistake to lay down arms and join their people and security forces in order to liberate their cities,"" al-Abadi said.

The Iraqi military previously launched an operation in late June to try to wrest back control of Tikrit, but that quickly stalled. Other planned offensives by Iraq's military, which collapsed under the initial ISIS blitz, also have failed to make up ground, though soldiers have taken back the nearby refinery town of Beiji, backed by airstrikes from a U.S.-led coalition.

Al-Abadi's comments appear to be targeting former members of Iraq's outlawed Baath party, loyalists to Saddam Hussein, who joined ISIS during its offensive, as well as other Sunnis who were dissatisfied with Baghdad's Shiite-led government. The premier likely hopes to peel away some support from the terror group, especially as Iraqis grow increasingly horrified by the extremists' mass killings and other atrocities.

In February alone, violence across Iraq killed at least 1,100 Iraqis, including more than 600 civilians, the U.N. Assistance Mission in Iraq said Sunday. Last year was the deadliest in Iraq since its 2006-2007 sectarian bloodshed, with a total of 12,282 people killed and 23,126 wounded, according to the U.N.

Fox News' Lucas Tomlinson and the Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4302,"You’re a Nazi, and other shocking truths according to Trump’s fact-checking rules","Donald Trump has long been at odds with our beleaguered leagues of fact-checkers, who regularly award him “Pants on Fire,” “Four Pinocchios” and other colorful rulings on his truthiness.

Yet somehow such definitive, unanimous debunking never seems to faze the Republican presidential front-runner. And I think I’ve discovered why.

It’s because Trump — like Socrates, among other trailblazing truth-seekers throughout history — has developed his own innovative method for fact-checking. Rather than relying on stale, lamestream-media techniques such as gathering evidence, crunching numbers or consulting experts, he takes a different route: He goes online and sees whether random people agree with him.

For example, he’s lately been challenged on his claims of seeing TV footage of “thousands and thousands” of people in Jersey City cheering when the twin towers came down. While fusty fact-checkers at The Post and elsewhere have foolishly tried to find such footage, Trump instead prefers a pioneering, Twitter-based authentication method.

“Why wouldn’t it have taken place? I’ve had hundreds of people call in and tweet in on Twitter, saying they saw it, and I was 100 percent right,” Trump said Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press.”

When host Chuck Todd protested that Trump “wouldn’t make a business deal based on retweets,” Trump doubled down: “By the hundreds they’re calling, and they’re tweeting.”

Several days later, appearing on the “Alex Jones Show,” Trump again explained the value of his truth-seeking technique.

“So many people have called in, and on Twitter, @realdonaldtrump, they’re all tweeting, so I know it happened,” Trump said.

Reality may have a well-known liberal bias, but Trump’s Twitter followers do not. Nor do the conspiracy theory Web sites from which Trump also seems to glean much of his information and policy ideas.

To be honest, this worldview — and the corollary that everyone is entitled not only to their own opinions, but also to their own democratically determined facts — never really occurred to me. Sure, I occasionally use Googlefight to check the more commonly used spelling of a word (e.g., “demagogue” beats “demagog”). But I’ve never thought to use hordes of anonymous netizens as a sieve for the truth.

[How Donald Trump courted the right-wing fringe to conquer the GOP]

I began to wonder: What’s it like to navigate life as Trump does? What’s it like to learn about human existence via Twitter, Reddit message boards and the Drudge Report?

To find out, I compiled a list of things you’d learn were true if you fact-checked them solely by seeing whether strangers on the Internet agreed with you.

1. You are a Nazi. I am a Nazi. Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are both Nazis. Everyone on the Internet is, eventually, a Nazi, according to other people on the Internet who disagree with them and who themselves become Nazis if any conversation goes on long enough.

2. Your spouse is definitely cheating on you.

3. You have cancer. Several really, really rare forms of cancer. Also lupus, mad cow disease, fibromyalgia, osteoporosis and a urinary tract infection. Or maybe it’s just a common cold? Either way the ailment(s) can be cured by purchasing dietary supplements from a sketchy Web site featuring testimonials from a person currently running for president. Modern medicine is for losers.

4. Some dress somewhere is the exact two colors that you think it is.

5. If only Ron Paul had been president, we would not have had the secret hyperinflation pandemic currently ravaging the nation. Also, gold and bitcoins have been and will continue to be the safest places in which to store your life savings, excluding perhaps your mattress, a Nigerian prince’s bank account or your hollowed-out spare copy of “Atlas Shrugged.”

6. This one weird trick will help you lose belly fat.

7. You should be ashamed of yourself. You are a terrible parent, and also a terrible pet owner and friend, and un-American, and probably not even human. Why would you do whatever you just admitted to doing, you jerk?

8. Leonardo DiCaprio got raped by a bear or something?

9. Obama is a secret Muslim. Also maybe Thomas Jefferson was a secret Muslim. As with Nazism, pretty much everyone you dislike is a secret Muslim. Unless they already admit to being a Muslim, in which case they’re probably also a secret Mexican who wants to steal your job.

10. If you don’t forward this column to at least 10 people, you will have bad luck for the rest of your life.

Sheesh, it really is a scary world out there. I don’t envy you, Mr. Trump.",1
1306,GOP establishment stares into the abyss,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
4990,Why Libertarians (and Other 3rd Parties) Should Thank Donald Trump,"With just three months to go before the long national nightmare that is Election 2016 transmogrifies into a either a Hillary Clinton or a Donald Trump presidency(!), let's take a late-summer moment to squeeze some lemonade from lemons. Whatever happens in November, all of us who have political perspectives that are routinely discounted or dismissed by the Republican-Democratic duopoly should thank Donald Trump for creating a blueprint to power for us.

Pull yourself out of the news cycle that he has been so expert in dominating with a daily—sometimes hourly—spew of sensational utterings, proclamations, and half-baked policy plans: Extreme vetting! Mexican rapists! Crooked Hillary! When he's not creating outrage himself, he brings it in other people, such as when his supporters get egged at rallies or unflattering naked statues of the billionaire crop up in cities around the country.

The simple fact is, as conservative commentator and Finding Mr. Righteous author Lisa De Pasquale, writes,

There has been much hand-wringing among the right on where Republicans go now that Trump has ""destroyed"" the party. They complain that the Republican Party has left them, while millions of Trump voters and libertarians believe party leaders and professional pundits left them decades ago. Regardless of whether the #NeverTrump crowd has valid points, it is clear that Trump has done libertarians a favor in busting the Old Guard of Republican kingmakers. The Old Guard isn't mad that Trump doesn't represent their principles, but that they no longer hold any power in picking the top of the ticket. The proof is that rather than get behind Gary Johnson, they'd rather trot out a candidate with zero name recognition or campaign infrastructure.

Beyond revealing the emptiness of the power bases in the existing Republican Party (and party members' absolute lack of interest in moving toward their ostensible principles of limited, smaller government), De Pasquale argues that Trump is the shape of better things to come:

The Trump campaign has been a battering ram for libertarians. In just over a year, Trump has succeeded in what the Libertarian Party hasn't been able to do in the 35 years since it was conceived. Not only has he upset traditional party politics, but he's also paved the way for non-traditional candidates. Who needs stuffy party leaders and pundits when you have social media and 100% name recognition?... In the current political climate, personality, authenticity, and even celebrity reign. Trump has shown that at least in the primaries, the absence of a traditional ground game and campaign budget can be overcome. Libertarians have an advantage because we already know they're authentic by going against the dominant parties.... Libertarians also have a good celebrity bench that could help them replicate the Trump campaign. I wouldn't necessarily endorse famous libertarian Vince Vaughn for president (though I would endorse myself as First Lady), but I would enthusiastically get on the Peter Thiel Train. Set aside policy disagreements libertarians have with Trump. They should be thankful that Trump has created a new path for national office. He built libertarian candidates a path to success and he paid for it.

Read the whole piece and start thinking: Who are the agents of libertarian influence that can either transform the existing major parties and bring a bold new ""free minds and free markets"" sensibility to independent runs at all levels of government? Better yet, who are the crossover figures that might do for the Libertarian Party what athletes such as Joe Namath did for the old AFL by legitimizing an upstart league as a major force?

It's a given that Americans know nothing and care even less about history. That's certainly true when it comes to journalism generally and political journalism specifically. Did you ever wonder just why every election is the most important one in our lives? The answer is only mysterious to dead-enders within those group and to journalists, both of whom have no sense of history and really think that everything is on the line every four years and that whatever happened 10, 20, or 30 years ago is irrelevant to understanding the current moment. For the most part, we have simply been repeating the same play over and over again, but to less-and-less-engaged audiences.

As Matt Welch and I wrote in The Declaration of Independents: How Libertarian Politics Can Fix What's Wrong With America, all the trends of the past 40 to 50 years show that Americans have weaker and weaker ties to the Republican and Democratic Parties, just as we do with all consumer brands. Whatever post-war coalitions those parties once represented no longer exist. Everything in American life is vastly different than it was in, say 1964, when the current identities of the GOP and Democrats were being formed. These parties are designed to groups of people that either no longer exist in the same numbers as they once did (private-sector union members and socially conservative Christians, say) or who don't link issues the way they used to (what's the necessary connection between before for marriage equality and higer marginal tax rates?).

Yet most party leaders and media ignore the at-or-near-historic lows in voter identification with the Democrats and Republicans. They also act as if the ideologies and policy platforms of parties can't or don't change over time. The result is a conversation about politics that is less and less moored to basic reality. We need a new operating system for politics in the 21st century, but the people most invested in the current one don't want to migrate or upgrade to anything different. We need Windows 10, but they're fine sticking with 3.1, thank you very much.

Trump's rise—and the semi-successful insurgency of Bernie Sanders, too—puts the lie to the idea that the power structure is capable of maintaining a status quo that serves fewer and fewer people. Given his absolute lack of consistent, coherent policies and his radically backward-looking agenda (anti-trade and migration in an increasingly globalized world?!?), he is not the future of anything, but the last gasp of a 20th-century politics that, in one final push, was able to reduce at least one of the major parties to rubble. It's up to those of us who actually want a new operating system for American governance to determine what comes next.",1
1217,Donald Trump rejects Mitt Romney's ironic tax attack,"(CNN) Donald Trump is striking back at Mitt Romney on Thursday, after the 2012 Republican presidential nominee said his party's current front-runner could have a ""bombshell"" in his tax returns.

""Mitt Romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!"" the billionaire businessman said in a series of Tweets attacking Romney.

Mitt Romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!

Trump wrote that tax returns have zero to do with a person's net worth, and all swung at the establishment wing of the Republican party, many of whom have coalesced behind Florida Sen. Marco Rubio as an answer to Trump and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz.

""Why doesn't @MittRomney just endorse @marcorubio already. Should have done it before NH or Nevada where he had a little sway. Too late now!""

Trump said, ""I'm going to do what @MittRomney was totally unable to do- WIN!""

Romney used the same medium to respond, tweeting back at the billionaire businessman Thursday.

The real estate mogul first rejected Romney's accusation out of hand in an interview with CNN's Anderson Cooper on Wednesday, saying ""there is no bombshell at all other than I pay a lot of tax and the government wastes the money.""

Romney's biting attack hinted at clear signs of alarm in the Republican establishment at the billionaire's tightening grip on the party's presidential race.

""We have good reason to believe that there's a bombshell in Donald Trump's taxes,"" Romney told Fox News, and also called on the top anti-Trump contenders Sens. Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio to disclose their tax information as well.

""Either he's not anywhere near as wealthy as he says he is, or he hasn't been paying taxes we would expect him to pay or perhaps he hasn't been giving money to vets or to the disabled like he's been telling us he's been doing,"" Romney added.

""We as Republicans should not accept that this man has a tainted financial past,"" Graham told CNN's ""This Hour,"" adding later, ""It's clear to me he doesn't want to show us his financial situation.""

The 2012 Republican nominee's broadside followed Trump's thumping victories in three of the first four GOP nominating contests, including in Nevada on Tuesday night, which have established the billionaire businessman as the party's undisputed front-runner.

Trump left the door open to not releasing his tax returns Wednesday.

The GOP front-runner told CNN that he will ""make a determination over the next couple of months"" as to whether he will release his tax returns.

Romney, who decided against a third presidential run last year after initially considering jumping in to the race, uncorked his attack on Trump, ahead of next week's Super Tuesday contests that could further cement the billionaire's strong front-runner status in the GOP presidential race.

Romney's move appeared to not just be a sign of concern that Trump -- after defying pundits and political logic since he launched his ""outsider"" campaign last summer -- could actually go on to claim the Republican nomination.

It was also a sign of skittishness about the damage the Democrats will try to inflict on Trump, who has a long and sometimes controversial business record, in a general election, if he does indeed emerge as the GOP nominee.

""They were all over me for my taxes,"" Romney told Fox.

While Cruz and Rubio have yet to release their tax returns this campaign season, years of tax returns from both candidates are already publicly available from the time when they ran for Senate.

Reid ignited a firestorm in the 2012 presidential race by claiming on the Senate floor, without presenting any evidence, that ""the word's out that he hasn't paid any taxes in 10 years."" His attack was part of a fierce effort by the Obama re-election campaign to portray Romney as an out of touch and heartless businessman unable to understand the economic problems afflicting the middle class. Reid later told CNN that he did not regret his move, noting archly that Romney did not win the election.

The irony of the moment was not lost on Reid.

""All I know, I can't imagine Romney having the gall coming after anybody's returns,"" the Senate minority leader told CNN on Thursday. ""Let's look at his.""

It also struck one key member of Obama's re-election campaign.

""Did Mitt Romney just do to Donald Trump on tax returns what he was so mad at Harry Reid for doing to him?"" said former Obama political adviser and current CNN commentator Dan Pfeiffer on Twitter.

Under intense pressure, Romney did finally release his tax returns during the campaign, but when it emerged that he had paid around 14% taxes on his 2010 return, there was political uproar that played into the hands of the Obama campaign.

The former Massachusetts governor was taking advantage of rules in the tax code under which income derived from dividends and capital gains is taxed at lower rates than traditional wages.

Trump last summer released his personal financial disclosure shortly after announcing his presidential run and has consistently touted the fact that he released his financial numbers ahead of schedule.

Trump said he was worth $8 billion, a figure he and his accountants later revised to $10 billion when he officially released his personal financial disclosure. Forbes has estimated Trump's net worth at $4.5 billion, a figure Trump has disputed.

On Wednesday, Trump also stressed that his tax returns ""are extremely complex,"" which Romney has rejected given that Trump would only need to publish several years of past tax returns which he has already filed.

Trump stressed as he has in the past that he pays ""as little as possible because it's an expense and it's not one I'm happy paying because frankly the United States government wastes a lot of money.""",1
2824,Understanding the U.S. talking points on Iran,"Washington (CNN) The Iran nuclear talks are progressing. But tough issues still remain. We could reach a deal. But we also might not. About 50-50. Less than 50-50.

It's all up in the air.

Those messages are just a slice of what top U.S. officials are saying publicly as they emerge from closed-door negotiations with their Iranian counterparts, struggling to find a way to broker a lasting deal aimed at keeping Iran from a nuclear weapon.

But there's a method to the messaging madness as the Obama administration is looking to reassure key constituencies in the U.S. while holding together an increasingly fractious coalition of countries joining them in the negotiations and also ratcheting up pressure on Iran.

""All of this is inevitably to some extent posturing, but it's also real and important in terms of setting the expectations for the negotiating parties,"" as well as setting the political context at home, said Suzanne Maloney, an Iran expert at the Washington-based Brookings Institution and a former State Department Iran policy adviser.

Skeptics in Congress want to know the U.S. is taking a hard line and pressing for the best deal possible. International partners want to know the U.S. hasn't brought them to this point for nothing. And Iran needs to know the U.S. won't concede certain points but is truly willing to walk away.

""As I have said many times and as I discussed with President Obama last night, we are not going to sit at the negotiating table forever,"" Kerry said at a press conference Thursday. But he also said the U.S. isn't pressed by time: ""We shouldn't get up and leave simply because the clock strikes midnight.""

Bold public statements that the U.S. is prepared to leave Iran hanging at the negotiating table telegraph the message that Tehran needs to budge on certain issues or it could find itself without the much-awaited sanctions relief it has chased for years.

That's how Sen. Chris Coons of Delaware, a key Democrat on the Foreign Relations Committee, interpreted Kerry's words.

""My hunch is that what we're hearing here from Secretary Kerry is a determination to send a message to the Iranian Supreme Leader: 'The deal that is on the table is the best deal you're going to get. You either need to accept it or we're going to walk away,'"" Coons said Thursday on CNN.

Maloney said Kerry and other officials' statements are a clear gambit to ""influence Iranian expectations and Iranian decision-making"" on the inside from the outside.

""Those theatrics were necessary,"" Maloney said.

But they also have another audience: restive members of Congress who fear that the repeated deadline extensions are a sign that Iran is gaining the upper hand and sticking to its demands while the U.S. caves.

By passing the July 9 date that Congress set for completing the deal and turning a copy over to Congress, the administration now faces a congressional review period of 60 days rather than just 30. That's twice as much time for vocal opponents to tear the details of the deal apart and rally votes against the measure.

So Kerry and President Barack Obama have doubled down in recent weeks on their insistence that the U.S. is willing to walk away from talks altogether if Iran won't relent on the final, crucial sticking points.

""I will walk away from the negotiations if, in fact it's a bad deal,"" Obama said last week from the White House.

""If the tough decisions don't get made, we are absolutely prepared to call an end to this process,"" Kerry stressed on Thursday.

That's giving some in Congress hope that the Obama administration is sticking to its guns. But it's not clear whether the more hardened skeptics are buying the administration's insistence that it is not flinching on key points, Maloney said.

""There's still frustration and an overwhelming skepticism toward the administration and its ability to hold a hard line with respect to Iran,"" she said.

The talking point of walking away from a deal also helps reinforce the administration's arguments that it has worked tirelessly to obtain a good deal and that it therefore got the best one possible -- should a deal be reached. And if there is no deal, the messaging will help to lower expectations.

That's why Obama told Senate Democrats this week that it's more likely that there won't be a deal.

""He said in the course of the negotiations he's been more optimistic, less optimistic. And he said that the chances at this point are below 50-50,"" said Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois, the No. 2 Democrat in the Senate.

Days later, though, Kerry played the other side of expectations, telling reporters optimistically that the parties ""resolved some of the things that were outstanding"" and that ""it's safe to say that we have made progress today.""

Because ultimately, the U.S. needs to keep not just Iran, but its partners, in the negotiations pressing full steam ahead at the negotiating table.

The coalition of five world powers -- Russia, China, Germany, France and the UK -- negotiating alongside the U.S. is already showing signs of strain, as Russia adopts a stance on relaxing sanctions more in line with Iran's. In particular, the new Iranian demand that the arms embargo on it be lifted has caused frustration for the U.S. while winning support from Moscow.

On Thursday, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov indicated that his country was backing Iran's bid to lift the arms embargo ""as soon as possible."" Russia is a top supplier of weapons to Iran.

For that, Americans also have a talking point.

""Under no circumstances should we relieve pressure on Iran relative to ballistic missile capabilities and arms trafficking,"" Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Martin Dempsey said this week on Capitol Hill.",1
991,Cruz is as bad as Trump and maybe worse: Column,"The rush to Cruz is a sign of desperation, given his failure at his day job in the Senate.

Judging by the collective Republican sigh of relief after Ted Cruz swept the Wisconsin primary and put the brakes on the Donald Trump juggernaut, many in the party seem to consider Cruz a “viable alternative” to Trump. But that view is nothing short of baffling.

Despite his Ivy League education, pastor-like polished oratory and apparent voter appeal, Cruz seems to know how to do only one thing in government, and that is to say, “No.”

Love him or hate him, Trump knows how to make a deal. Sure, some ventures were a flop — something not uncommon for lifelong entrepreneurs. But his net worth, to the tune of $4.5 billion according to Forbes, is not exactly indicative of a dummy. His blustering speech and non-conformist policy proposals make him an unorthodox fit for the GOP nomination, but that is no reason to gravitate towards Cruz. In fact, it is a sign of shortsightedness and desperation.

Rafael Cruz, Ted’s father, recently said in an interview, “We need to get to the point where, instead of listening to the rhetoric, we look to the record. Candidates will say what people want to hear. We look at what they do and what they have done.”

Heeding the elder Cruz’s call is in no way redeeming for the junior senator from Texas. He has systematically demonstrated that he lacks the ability to negotiate, govern according to the rule of law, and navigate amicably through differences of opinion.

Cruz famously spearheaded the 2013 federal government shutdown that cost the economy $24 billion and taxpayers $2 billion. He brazenly supported Kim Davis, the Kentucky county clerk who was jailed for refusing to issue same-sex marriage licenses as required by the Supreme Court. He has also said people would “quite rightly” revolt if a brokered GOP convention in Cleveland were to produce a nominee other than him or Trump.

In the Senate, Cruz has personified the word “obstructionism” since he took office in 2013. His first vote was “nay” on the Disaster Relief Appropriations Act — a bill authorizing $60 billion for relief agencies that would in part provide much-needed federal funds for New Jersey after Hurricane Sandy. Later that year, Cruz voted against key bills such as the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act; the Border Security, Economic Opportunity and Immigration Modernization Act; the Employment Non-Discrimination Act; and the Agriculture Reform, Food and Jobs Act. (All passed the Senate without his vote).

Cruz also voted against renewing the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act last December. The act, which passed and became law, finances health care programs through 2090 for more than 72,000 first responders and survivors from around the country who went to the three 9/11 crash sites. Cruz’s “nay” vote on the emotionally charged issue will very likely hurt his chances in the New York primary on April 19 as well as the New Jersey primary on June 7.

As for reaching across the aisle, an analysis by GovTrack.us found that in 2015, only 7% of the bills Cruz introduced had co-sponsors of both parties. That was the lowest of any Republican in the Senate.

Like Trump, Cruz prides himself on his idiosyncrasies and personal brand of political independence. But while critics repeatedly lambaste Trump for failed ventures such as Trump Steaks and Trump Vodka, those are just two of countless projects undertaken by the business mogul. Cruz’s Senate record and reputation show he fails at his full-time job.

The dangers of a Cruz candidacy haven’t exactly been lost on the Republican Party. His cocky personality and inability to “play nice” in the Senate are well-known. As Sen. Lindsey Graham, a onetime 2016 candidate himself, quipped in February, “If you killed Ted Cruz on the floor of the Senate, and the trial was in the Senate, nobody would convict you.” (Just three weeks later and exhibiting a full-blown case of “Trump Derangement Syndrome,” Graham announced he’d be backing Cruz’s bid for the nomination.)

Sen. Marco Rubio, another former contender, said shortly before dropping out of the nomination race that Trump is “pulling the ultimate con job on the American people.” But when you look at what Cruz would bring to the presidency, who is really “pulling the ultimate con job” on voters?

Armand V. Cucciniello III is a former senior press officer for the Department of State and served as an adviser to the U.S. military in Iraq and Pakistan. Follow him on Twitter @ArmandVC3.

In addition to its own editorials, USA TODAY publishes diverse opinions from outside writers, including our Board of Contributors. To read more columns like this, go to the Opinion front page.",1
2223,Will US-Gulf summit bridge the gap on Iran – or highlight disconnects? (+video),"The Camp David summit risks laying bare dissonance in the US-Gulf relationship – in particular, Obama’s vision of a post-deal Iran versus the Gulf leaders’ fears about a reinvigorated Iran.

How SNL's 'the bubble' sketch about polarization is all too true

The Camp David summit that President Obama will hold with Gulf leaders this week is intended to reassure America’s nervous Arab partners that the emerging nuclear deal with Iran does not mean the United States is abandoning them.

Mr. Obama appears to have his work cut out for him.

For one thing, the meeting Thursday in the leafy, folksy confines of the Maryland presidential retreat is unlikely to address a Persian-Arab rivalry that is cultural, religious, and ideological – not to mention centuries old.

Perhaps even more significant, the summit risks laying bare what some regional analysts say are the glaring “disconnects” in the US-Gulf relationship – in particular between Obama’s vision of a post-deal Iran and the Gulf leaders’ fears about a reinvigorated Iran.

“The US wants the Gulf to be OK with this nuclear deal with Iran, but the Gulf is not OK with it, so there continues to be this disconnect,” says Karim Sadjadpour, senior Iran policy analyst at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington.

Certainly the leaders and senior officials from six Gulf countries who meet with Obama – for a White House dinner Wednesday night, before the full-day summit at Camp David – will be looking for some immediate and tangible signs of US support. That is likely to lead to some falling back onto conventional forms of “reassurance,” some analysts say – like announcements of arms sales including some sophisticated weapons systems, and perhaps stepped-up joint military exercises.

But the summit is unlikely to bridge the wide gaps between host and guests on Iran, as well as on other aspects of the security agenda in the region, some say.

The Gulf states worry not just about Iran having its nuclear program legitimized by the international community, but perhaps even more about Iran receiving a huge financial windfall if international sanctions are soon lifted, further enabling it to spread its influence in Iraq, Lebanon, Syria, and Yemen.

“Their top concern is that Iran will feel empowered to double down on its practices” in the region, Mr. Sadjadpour says.

Moreover, the Gulf Arabs worry that this spreading of Iranian influence is not so much a result of US neglect or “mistakes” (such as the invasion of Iraq that toppled Saddam Hussein) but is in fact the result of “US policy,” he adds.

Obama clearly recognizes the profound qualms that the Gulf states have over the emerging nuclear deal with Iran: He announced plans to hold the summit the same day world leaders reached a framework accord with Tehran for a final nuclear agreement.

But the president will try to convince his guests that the nuclear deal holds out the promise of integrating Iran into the “community of nations” and making it a more responsible and cooperative presence in the region. But the Saudis and Bahrainis and Qataris who have resisted that argument from the Americans are unlikely to embrace it at Camp David, regional experts say.

“The Gulf states feel that Iranian actions [in the region] are not a consequence of this Iranian president, it’s not a consequence of the Islamic Republic.... Quite frankly, they think this is a pattern of Persian expansionism that dates back millennia,” says Jon Alterman, director of the Middle East program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) in Washington.

Yet “while they feel they are fighting a millennium-long struggle,” he adds, “I can guarantee you the United States is not going to be committed to fighting a millennium-long struggle against another ethnic group or sectarian group or anything else.”

Beyond Iran, another “disconnect” that regional analysts see is between the Obama vision of regional powers taking greater responsibility for security affairs in their area – and the way Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states are implementing that security role, particularly in Yemen and Libya.

In that sense, the Camp David summit could act as a test of the Obama policy of “leading from behind” and delegating greater levels of security responsibilities to regional partners.

“We do want the Gulf to take greater responsibility – but the way they are doing it is not always helpful,” says Frederic Wehrey, an expert in Gulf and North Africa security at Carnegie.

As examples of actions that the US has either begrudgingly supported or openly criticized, Mr. Wehrey points to the Saudi air campaign against Iran-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen, Gulf funding for some Syrian rebel groups linked to extremist elements, and United Arab Emirates intervention in Libya against Islamist forces.

“As we’ve seen in Yemen, you also have the problem of what happens when you make allies more capable and then they use your weapons and training to do things that you think are not only against their own interests, but also against US interests,” Mr. Alterman notes.

If the Camp David summit delivers little more than new arms sales, perhaps some new missile defense initiative, and some joint military exercises, it will be unfortunate on several levels, experts say.

Despite the fixation on Iran, most of the major challenges the Gulf states face are internal, such as providing jobs to a large youth population, undertaking political reform, and countering extremist ideologies – something Obama recognizes, Wehrey says. But he sees the summit only skirting those domestic issues at best.

The summit may very well include the need for reform “as talking points,” he says, “but it will be just that – talking points.”

If the summit wraps up by perpetuating the pattern of US reassurances through military hardware, that will represent a missed opportunity for both the Gulf states and the US, Alterman says.

If “arming the Gulf states to make them feel more confident ... means the US is arming [them] to act in Yemen and Libya and other places, independent of US judgment, using US training and equipment,” he says, “I think that represents a difficult problem for the United States.”",1
1229,"Hillary Clinton Pitches Team Effort to Solve Country’s Troubles, Shows Softer Side","Hillary Clinton’s victory speech in Nevada on Saturday was a lot more about “we” than “I.” In the past, Mrs. Clinton has talked a lot about herself: How she is qualified for the job. How her approach is best. Her rival, Sen. Bernie Sanders, by contrast, has long talked about his quest for a political revolution as […]",1
1023,"Is Donald Trump Really, Finally Falling Apart?","After he refused to be felled by his racist comments, incoherent policies, childish insults, a bizarre fixation on his hand size, and the vague threat of nuclear war, is it possible that Republican voters are finally beginning to think twice about Donald Trump?

All past attempts to predict the imminent collapse of Trump’s presidential campaign have failed. That being said, there are at least a few reasons to think the billionaire has finally reached a tipping point. Several new polls show Trump tanking nationally (though still in first place), while his negatives continue to rise. Amid 36 hours of nonstop gaffes and terrifying pronouncements, Trump suddenly looks poised to lose Wisconsin next week, a delegate-rich, winner-take-all state that would have virtually ensured that he would win the nomination, but where he now trails Ted Cruz by as much as 10 points.

Perhaps most important, Trump appears to be losing the so-called “shadow primary” to secure the state delegates who would decide the outcome of a potential contested convention. Politico reports that while Cruz and John Kasich have been making inroads with critical party insiders, more than 100 delegates won by Trump are prepared to ditch him after the first ballot in Cleveland. If he can’t win the Republican nomination outright, it’s looking more and more like Trump will be forced to put up or shut up about his threats to run a third-party spoiler campaign.

A lull in the G.O.P. primary calendar may have helped voters clarify their thoughts on the punchy billionaire. With no primary contests in the last week, national media outlets have focused relentlessly on Trump’s spate of truly awful statements in recent days, including a sustained barrage of unseemly insults aimed at Cruz’s wife, Heidi, and his misogynistic defense of his campaign manager, who was charged Tuesday for roughly grabbing a reporter. The following day, during a town hall event with MSNBC’s Chris Matthews, Trump mused that he wouldn’t rule out using nuclear weapons in Europe. Minutes later, under heated questioning, the Republican front-runner suggested that there “has to be some form of punishment” for women who get illegal abortions—a line that panicked party elites desperate to avoid another Todd Akin moment.

But never let it be said that Trump cannot learn from his mistakes. After losing in Iowa to Cruz and his disciplined ground game, Trump managed to pull his operation together in New Hampshire a week later, despite reports that the campaign was hopelessly disorganized. (“We learned a lot about ground games in one week,” Trump boasted in his victory speech.) He has already launched an organized effort to sway delegates to his side, and might up the ante by offering things that Cruz and Kasich cannot: “There are a lot of delegates who’d like to ride on Trump’s plane,” former Trump operative Roger Stone told The New York Times. “There are a lot of delegates who’d like to have a phone call from Ivanka Trump. We’ll get to that phase.”",1
4011,Russia warns US of ‘unintended incidents’ over Syria,"The growing rift between the United States and Russia over concerns that Moscow is employing its military to protect Syria's embattled president appeared to widen Friday when a Russian official called for military cooperation with Washington in order to avoid ""unintended incidents.""

The comments were made after Western intelligence sources told Fox News that Russia escalated its presence in the Middle East country days after a secret Moscow meeting in late July between Iran's Quds Force commander -- their chief exporter of terror -- and Russian President Vladimir Putin.

Officials who have monitored the build-up say they've seen more than 1,000 Russian combatants -- some of them from the same plainclothes Special Forces units who were sent to Crimea and Ukraine. Some of these Russian troops are logistical specialists and needed for security at the expanding Russian bases.

President Obama warned Russia on Friday against “doubling down” on sending support for Syrian President Bashar Assad, calling the pursuit a ""mistake.""

""But we are going to be engaging Russia to let them know that you can't continue to double-down on a strategy that is doomed to failure,"" Obama said at a Maryland event.

Russia denies allegations that it is helping to build Assad's military. Moscow claimed its increased military presence is part of an international effort to help defeat the Islamic State. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov called on world powers to join Russia in that pursuit, arguing that Syria’s army is the most efficient force to fight extremists in the Middle East.

""You cannot defeat Islamic State with air strikes only,"" Lavrov said, a clear dig at the White House’s strategy. ""It's necessary to cooperate with ground troops and the Syrian army is the most efficient and powerful ground force to fight the IS.""

Reuters reported that Russia also called for military-to-military cooperation with the U.S. to avert ""unintended incidents.""

Moscow's recent support of Assad has dampened U.S. hopes that Moscow was tiring of the Syrian president. Syria has been gripped by civil war for more than four years, a conflict that has claimed more than 250,000 lives and created a vacuum for extremism to thrive.

U.S. officials have been gauging Russia’s willingness to help restart a political process to remove Assad from power.

Secretary of State John Kerry has lashed out at Russia’s presence in Syria, warning the recent buildup could lead to an escalation of the bloody conflict.

Despite the warnings from the U.S., Lavrov said Russia would continue to supply Assad with weapons that he said will help defeat Islamic State fighters.

""I can only say, once again, that our servicemen and military experts are there to service Russian military hardware, to assist the Syrian army in using this hardware,"" he said at a news conference in Moscow. ""And we will continue to supply it to the Syrian government in order to ensure its proper combat readiness in its fight against terrorism.""

Click for more from Reuters.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3509,The scariest thing about Brussels is our reaction to it | Simon Jenkins,"Think like the enemy. Let’s suppose I am an Islamic State terrorist. I don’t do bombs or bullets. I leave the dirty work to the crazies in the basement. My job is what happens next. It is to turn carnage into consequences, body parts into politics. I am a consultant terrorist. I wear a suit, not explosives. A blood-stained concourse is a means to an end. The end is power.

This week I had another success. I converted a squalid psychopathological act into a warrior-evoking, population-terrifying, policy-changing event. I sent a continent into shock. Famous politicians dropped everything to shower me with cliches. Crowned heads deluged me with glorious odium.

I measure my success in column inches and television hours, in ballooning security budgets, butchered liberties, amended laws and – my ultimate goal – Muslims persecuted and recruited to our cause. I deal not in actions but in reactions. I am a manipulator of politics. I work through the idiocies of my supposed enemies.

Textbooks on terrorism define its effects in four stages: first the horror, then the publicity, then the political grandstanding, and finally the climactic shift in policy. The initial act is banal. The atrocities in Brussels happen almost daily on the streets of Baghdad, Aleppo and Damascus. Western missiles and Isis bombs kill more innocents in a week than die in Europe in a year. The difference is the media response. A dead Muslim is an unlucky mutt in the wrong place at the wrong time. A dead European is front-page news.

So on Tuesday the TV news channels behaved like Isis recruiting sergeants. Their blanket hyperbole showed not the slightest restraint (nor for that matter did that of most newspapers). The BBC flew Huw Edwards to Brussels. It flashed horror across the airwaves continually for 24 hours, incanting the words “panic”, “threat”, “menace” and “terror”. Vox pops wallowed in blood and guts. One reporter rode a London tube escalator to show possible future targets, to scare the wits out of commuters. It was a terrorist’s wildest dream.

With the ground thus prepared, the politicians entered on cue. France’s President Hollande declared “all of Europe has been hit”, megaphoning Isis’s crime. His approval rating immediately jumped.

David Cameron dived into his Cobra bunker and announced the UK “faces a very real terror threat”. An attack is now “highly likely”, according to the security services. Flags fly at half-mast. The Eiffel Tower is decked in Belgian colours. President Obama interrupts his Cuba visit to stand “in solidarity with Belgium”. Donald Trump declares that “Belgium and France are literally disintegrating”. It is hard to imagine what could more effectively promote the Isis cause.

Osama bin Laden set out on 9/11 to depict western nations as feckless and paranoid, their liberalism a surface charade easily punctured. A few explosions and their pretensions would wither and they would turn as repressive as any Muslim state.

By Tuesday evening, such a feeding frenzy was in full flood as the security lobby piled in. Cameron’s snoopers’ charter (or “investigatory powers” bill) was lauded as vital to national security. This is despite continued opposition both in parliament and from intelligence experts. This month in the Times, former NSA technical director Bill Binney ridiculed the bill’s “incredibly intrusive” powers of untargeted interception. Each citizen’s browsing history will soon be in the possession of the government, vulnerable to hacking by every marketer and blackmailer in the land.

Under the government’s Prevent strategy, universities and schools must develop programmes to counter “non-violent extremism, which can create an atmosphere conducive to terrorism”. The bureaucracy will be awesome. Primary schools are reportedly asking children to spy on one another to check “suspicious behaviour”. So must passengers on Virgin trains, as requested after each station. England is becoming old East Germany.

The Brexit camp, in the person of Ukip’s Nigel Farage, claims that Brussels proves the need to leave Europe. The home secretary, Theresa May, says the opposite. Terrorists would roam free, she says, since it would take 143 days to process terrorist DNA samples as against 15 minutes in the EU.

Reacting to terrorist incidents otherwise, in ways that do not play into terrorism’s hands, may seem hard. A free media feels a duty to report events, as politicians feel a duty to show they can protect the public. That it’s hard to show restraint is no excuse for actively promoting terror. Everyone involved in this week’s reaction, from journalists to politicians to security lobbyists, has an interest in terrorism. There is money, big money, to be made – the more terrifying it is presented, the more money.

We can respond to events in Brussels with a quiet and dignified sympathy, with candles and silences. To downplay something is not to ignore it. The terrorists have specific aims, deploying their atrocities for a political cause. There is no sensible defence in a free society against atrocity. But there is a defence against its purpose. It is to avoid hysteria, to show caution and a measure of courage, not Cameron’s lapse into public fear. It is not to alter laws, not to infringe liberties, not to persecute Muslims.

During the more dangerous and consistent IRA bombing campaigns of the 1970s and 1980s, Labour and Conservative governments insisted on treating terrorism as criminal, not political. They relied on the police and security services to guard against a threat that could never be eliminated, only diminished. On the whole it worked, and without undue harm to civil liberties.

Those who live under freedom know it demands a price, which is a degree of risk. We pay the state to protect us – but calmly, without constant boasting or fearmongering. We know that, in reality, life in Britain has never been safer. That it suits some people to pretend otherwise does not alter the fact.

In his admirable manual, Terrorism: How to Respond, the Belfast academic Richard English defines the threat to democracy as not the “limited danger” of death and destruction. It is the danger “of provoking ill-judged, extravagant and counterproductive state responses”.

The menace of Brussels lies not in the terror, but in the reaction to the terror. It is the reaction we should fear. But liberty never emerges from a Cobra bunker.",1
1716,Hillary Clinton's happy dance won't last,"The first great Democratic debate of the 2016 race had many moments, but perhaps not for the casual viewer who had to be mystified how four old white guys ended up arrayed around Clinton, from ""block of granite"" Lincoln Chafee on one end to an impressive if somewhat ominous looking and sounding guy on the other end who complained as if automatically about every question's timing and who made a vague reference to killing somebody. (If the curious got on Google, they'd have discovered that former Sen. James Webb of Virginia is the recipient of a Navy Cross for valor, among other decorations.)

CNN's Anderson Cooper opened the proceedings with a fastball aimed at Clinton's head -- ""Will you say anything to get elected?"" -- and stayed with questions as lively as Cooper and team could make them. But the collective weight of all those years of Clinton's controversies and flip-flops -- plus former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley's speaking style that drained energy out of the auditorium -- made it slow going for all.

As the debate began, my company, Salem Media Group, announced that I'd be back as a panelist for the CNN-Salem GOP debates in December and March, and I am looking forward to those events, as the first one was high energy and filled with drama. I have nothing to do with any of the remaining Democratic debates and feel for the moderators and panelists who are facing the broadcast equivalent of presiding over a parole hearing.

Clinton won the debate, for sure, but it was a false positive for -- as veteran radio talker and old friend Tammy Bruce put it on Sean Hannity's midnight television recap in which I and lefty Leslie Marshall participated -- she achieved dominance over a bag of rocks. (Bruce, Hannity and Hewitt all declared in a rare burst of unbroken conservative applause for CNN that Cooper had done a fine job trying to make the Democrats answer interesting questions.) So Clinton swept the pundit class, lost the focus groups to Sanders and may have kept Joe Biden out of the pool. But she tried out answers on her national security-compromising server and her litany of half-truths or worse (Kevin McCarthy! Kevin McCarthy! Kevin McCarthy!) that will not serve to help her at all come October 22 when she appears for hours and hours before the House Select Committee on Benghazi to answer focused, precise questions from the lawyers, including experienced prosecutors, who make up the GOP side of the committee such as Trey Gowdy, Susan Brooks, Mike Pompeo and Peter Roskam. Committee Democrats may try and throw themselves on the fire for Clinton as Sanders did, but it won't stop a patient prosecutor. Answers will be had about Clinton and her server and her deleted and recovered emails, the compromise of her server's security by foreign intelligence agencies as former acting CIA Director Michael Morell has contended , her voluminous correspondence with Sid Blumenthal about Libyan security, etc. Sanders is not the boss of the committee, the Congress, the FBI, future debate panelists or participants or even voters. Clinton did a happy dance Tuesday night. It won't last.",1
840,What to watch for in the Indiana primary,"Indiana stands alone Tuesday, the only state holding a presidential primary, but the presidential race in both parties could look very different Wednesday morning.

Two weeks ago, Cruz told an Indiana crowd, ""The state of Indiana is going to play a pivotal role in this election ... Indiana’s voice, Indiana’s megaphone to the country, will decide which path this party goes down, which path this country goes down.”

That statement was a few days before Cruz had his clock cleaned in the ""Amtrak primaries,"" five northeastern states that Donald Trump swept. Cruz won only two delegates while Trump won more than 100.

Ohio Gov. John Kasich took the extraordinary step of dropping his campaign in Indiana so that Cruz could consolidate the ""anti-Trump"" vote, and Cruz took the extraordinary step of naming his running mate — former presidential candidate Carly Fiorina — despite trailing in the delegate race. But it is not clear those efforts have helped much. An NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll released Sunday gave Trump a lead of 49%-34% over Cruz.

Indiana offers 57 Republican delegates, 30 statewide and three each in nine congressional districts. All of those delegates are distributed on a winner-take-all basis. If Trump wins all or most of them, the requiems for the Cruz campaign will begin to roll in.

Hillary Clinton has a lead of nearly 350 ""pledged"" delegates, and nearly 500 ""superdelegates."" Combined, she is a little more than 200 delegates short of clinching the nomination; Sanders is about 1,000 delegates short. So Indiana can't clinch the nomination for Clinton, but a win there can help her make the case that the race for the Democratic nomination is basically over.

A Sanders victory in the Hoosier state would be a bit of an embarrassment to Clinton, but it would do nothing to change the fundamental math of the race. Indiana has 83 Democratic delegates at stake Tuesday, but since they are distributed proportionately, Sanders cannot make a significant dent in Clinton's delegate lead even with a win.

Nevertheless, Sanders said Sunday, ""It is virtually impossible for Secretary Clinton to reach the majority of convention delegates ... with pledged delegates alone. She will need superdelegates to take her over the top at the convention in Philadelphia."" Sanders says he will continue to campaign through the remaining dozen states, and ""We believe that we are in a very strong position to win many of these remaining contests.""

Clinton has led Sanders in all public polls in the state, with a lead ranging from 5 to 13 percentage points, but Indiana is an open primary — independents can vote in the Democratic primary — which has been helpful for Sanders in other states where he has drawn support from new voters and non-Democrats.

Indiana polls close early — 6 p.m. —  but 6 p.m comes an hour later in the dozen western counties that are in the central time zone. Nevertheless, it means we should have results before the 11 o'clock news.",1
2082,COP21: 'Never have the stakes been so high',"Be part of CNN's COP21 coverage: We'd like to hear from you on how climate change could affect your local community. Upload your video here or tag #2degrees on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.

(CNN) World leaders opened pivotal climate talks Monday in Paris saying the stakes are too high to end the conference without achieving a binding agreement to help slow the pace of global climate change.

""A political moment like this may not come again,"" U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told leaders gathered for the conference. ""We have never faced such a test. But neither have we encountered such great opportunity.""

The talks began with a moment of silence for victims of the November 13 terror attacks in Paris, and the tragedy served as a touchstone for world leaders urging unity and action.

""What greater rejection of those who would tear down our world than marshaling our best efforts to save it,"" President Barack Obama said in his speech.

French President Francois Hollande noted that ""never have the stakes been so high because this is about the future of the planet, the future of life.""

""And yet two weeks ago, here in Paris itself, a group of fanatics was sowing the seeds of death in the streets,"" he said.

Speaking aboard the papal plane on his way back to Rome, Pope Francis said that the time to do something was now or never.

""We are on the brink. We are on the brink of a suicide, to use a strong word, and I am sure that most of those at the COP have this conscience, and want to do something,"" he said.

Obama told the conference that the United States recognizes its role in creating climate change and its role in solving the issue.

But he said the agreement should be global in nature, assertive and flexible.

""Here in Paris, let's secure an agreement that builds in ambition, where progress paves the way for regularly updated targets,"" he said.

He also addressed economic issues associated with climate change, saying recent economic growth in the United States has come despite a lack of growth in carbon emissions, proving that climate advancements need not come at the expense of the economy or individual livelihoods.

""That's what we seek in these next two weeks -- not simply an agreement to roll back the pollution we put into the skies, but an agreement that helps us lift people from poverty without condemning the next generation to a planet that is beyond its capacity to repair,"" he said.

He also said developed countries must help island nations and others that have contributed little to climate change but are the first to be feeling its effects.

""Countries should be allowed to seek their own solutions, according to their national interest,"" he said.

Russian President Vladimir Putin called climate change ""one of the greatest threats humanity is facing.""

""Russia not only prevented the increase of greenhouse emissions, it has reduced them,"" he said, promising a 70% reduction in emissions from 1990 levels by 2030.

Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi called for a ""comprehensive, equitable and durable agreement that leads us to restore balance between humanity and nature.""

And German Chancellor Angela Merkel reminded the leaders of the ""billions of people pinning their hopes on what we do in Paris.""

""Let us do everything we can not to dash those hopes,"" she said.

Nevertheless, disappointed demonstrators turned out Sunday, and brief clashes erupted with police at the Place de la Republique, where peaceful protesters had placed rows of shoes and name tags to represent the crowds not allowed to show up.

Paris police Chief Michel Cadot said taking the candles and using them against police showed ""an extreme lack of respect to those events.""

Hollande called the clashes ""scandalous."" The French President said authorities knew ""troubling elements"" would arrive in Paris for the talks, and that is why ""these sorts of assemblies were banned and some were ordered to stay home.""

In many countries, people gathered to protest against human-made climate change Sunday. There is a broad consensus among scientists that global warming is driven by human activity, foremost the burning of fossil fuels.

A look at previous global climate change negotiations illustrates the challenge in achieving this year's goals, especially when it comes to the biggest greenhouse gas emitters.

The United States did not ratify the Kyoto Protocol and dropped out of it completely in 2001. Canada dumped it, too, and China, India and other developing countries were exempt from it.",1
3219,Round I in Iowa: Scott Walker Emerges,"Scott Walker 2016 begins today. After this speech to #FreedomSummit no way he doesn't become formidable presidential candidate.

So, @ScottWalker is the breakout star of this thing so far, right? #IAFreedomSummit",1
1924,Hillary Clinton Responds To Email Controversy: 'I Want The Public To See My Email',"WASHINGTON -- Hillary Clinton responded to intense scrutiny over her email practices on Wednesday, saying she has asked the State Department to make available her private email during her tenure as secretary of state.

""I want the public to see my email. I asked State to release them. They said they will review them for release as soon as possible,"" Clinton wrote in a tweet posted late Wednesday evening.

A New York Times report published Monday evening set off a firestorm of criticism, and suggested Clinton violated State Department regulations by using a personal email account for government business, potentially shielding her correspondence from public inquiries like Freedom of Information Act requests. Her email account, clintonemail.com, was hosted by a server located at her home, and reportedly ""became a symbol of status within the family’s inner circle.""

Clinton's advisers submitted some 50,000 pages of emails to the State Department two months ago at the government's request, but critics maintained that using private email allowed Clinton to pick and choose which documents to submit with no way to verify the process. A House panel investigating the 2012 terror attacks in Benghazi, Libya, on Wednesday issued a subpoena for any and all of Clinton's private emails related to the attack.

The controversy threatens to derail Clinton's likely presidential campaign launch, reportedly planned for this month or next. Her way of addressing growing controversy -- in a tweet nearly 48 hours after it was first reported -- is likely to add to concerns over whether she is prepared to run a presidential campaign in today's hyper-media atmosphere.

UPDATE: March 5, 8:45 a.m. -- The State Department said Thursday it would ""take some time"" to complete a review of the emails provided by Clinton.

""The State Department will review for public release the emails provided by Secretary Clinton to the Department, using a normal process that guides such releases. We will undertake this review as quickly as possible; given the sheer volume of the document set, this review will take some time to complete,"" department spokeswoman Marie Harf said in a statement.

",1
3580,Why does ISIS keep making enemies?,"Peter Bergen is CNN's national security analyst, a vice president at the New America Foundation and the author of "" Manhunt: The Ten-Year Search for bin Laden -- From 9/11 to Abbottabad. ""

(CNN) Whenever ISIS carries out a new atrocity, whether it's beheading a group of Egyptian Christians or enslaving Yazidi women in Iraq or burning its victims alive, the big question most people have is: Why on Earth is ISIS doing this? What could possibly be the point?

Adding to your list of enemies is never a sound strategy, yet ISIS' ferocious campaign against the Shia, Kurds, Yazidis, Christians, and Muslims who don't precisely share its views has united every ethnic and religious group in Syria and Iraq against them.

ISIS is even at war with its most natural ally, al Qaeda in Syria.

The Nazis and the Khmer Rouge went to great lengths to hide their crimes against humanity. Instead, ISIS posts its many crimes on social media for global distribution with seemingly no thoughts for the consequences.

Is ISIS in control of affiliates in Libya and Syria?

Is ISIS in control of affiliates in Libya and Syria? 02:07

Is ISIS in control of affiliates in Libya and Syria?

ISIS' beheading of the American journalist James Foley in mid-August galvanized much of the Western world against the group and led to an intensified U.S.-led air campaign against ISIS, which, according to U.S. military officials, has killed at least 6,000 of its fighters.

ISIS keeps surprising the world and its actions do indeed seem to make no sense or are self-destructive.

So what is going on here?

A key window into understanding ISIS is its English language ""in-flight magazine"" Dabiq. Last week the seventh issue of Dabiq was released, and a close reading of it helps explains ISIS' world view.

The mistake some make when viewing ISIS is to see it as a rational actor. Instead, as the magazine documents, its ideology is that of an apocalyptic cult that believes that we are living in the end times and that ISIS' actions are hastening the moment when this will happen.

The name of the Dabiq magazine itself helps us understand ISIS' worldview. The Syrian town of Dabiq is where the Prophet Mohammed is supposed to have predicted that the armies of Islam and ""Rome"" would meet for the final battle that will precede the end of time and the triumph of true Islam.

In the recent issue of Dabiq it states: ""As the world progresses towards al-Malhamah al-Kubrā, ('the Great Battle' to be held at Dabiq) the option to stand on the sidelines as a mere observer is being lost."" In other words, in its logic, you are either on the side of ISIS or you are on the side of the Crusaders and infidels.

In other words, ISIS wants a Western ground force to invade Syria, as that will confirm the prophecy about Dabiq.

We live in an increasingly secularized world, so it's sometimes difficult to take seriously the deeply held religious beliefs of others. For many of us the idea that the end of times will come with a battle between ""Rome"" and Islam at the obscure Syrian town of Dabiq is as absurd as the belief that the Mayans had that their human sacrifices could influence future events.

But for ISIS, the Dabiq prophecy is deadly serious. Members of ISIS believe that they are the vanguard fighting a religious war, which Allah has determined will be won by the forces of true Islam.

This is the conclusion of an important forthcoming new book about ISIS by terrorism experts J.M. Berger and Jessica Stern who write that ISIS, like many other ""violent apocalyptic groups, tend to see themselves as participating in a cosmic war between good and evil, in which moral rules do not apply.""

This also similar to the conclusion of an excellent new cover story about ISIS in the Atlantic magazine by Graeme Wood who writes, ""Virtually every major decision and law promulgated by the Islamic State (another name for ISIS) adheres to what it calls, in its press and pronouncements, and on its billboards, license plates, stationery, and coins, 'the Prophetic methodology,' which means following the prophecy and example of Muhammad, in punctilious detail. Muslims can reject the Islamic State; nearly all do. But pretending that it isn't actually a religious, millenarian group, with theology that must be understood to be combated, has already led the United States to underestimate it."" Amen to that.

ISIS members devoutly believe that they are fighting in a cosmic war in which they are on the side of good, which allows them to kill anyone they perceive to be standing in their way with no compunction. This is, of course, a serious delusion, but serious it is.",1
4697,The Daily 202: Trump really is in danger of losing Utah,"SALT LAKE CITY—The revelations of recent days about Donald Trump’s lascivious and predatory attitudes toward women have hurt him in Utah perhaps more than any other state.

Julie de Azevedo Hanks, a psychotherapist with a blog that is widely read in the Mormon community, is an independent who voted for Mitt Romney four years ago. She planned to keep her preference for Hillary Clinton quiet until she saw the 2005 video of the Republican nominee boasting to Billy Bush about pursuing married women and using his celebrity to make unwanted advances.

“That tape put the final nail in the coffin,” Hanks said. “A year ago, I never would have thought I’d be voting for her. I know she’s not flawless. I don’t idolize her. I don’t have rose-colored glasses. … We may not get everything we value with Hillary, but she aligns more closely with what we do value than Trump.”

Hanks posted on her blog about how dangerous she thinks Trump would be as president. She said her husband, a rock-ribbed Republican, may just not vote at all now. Last night, she was one of nearly 70 volunteers who showed up to phone bank at Clinton’s Utah headquarters, on the outskirts of the capital of one of the country’s reddest states.

The parking lot overflowed. Volunteers – many who identify as independent or even Republican – parked down nearby residential streets and walked. They ate Little Caesar’s Pizza as they made the case on cell phones to their Utah neighbors to back a Democrat for president for the first time since 1964.

The Clinton team has a full-time staffer on the ground to organize the phone banks and canvassing. They’ve even launched a Mormons for Hillary effort.

The influential Deseret News, which is owned by the Mormon Church, has stayed out of presidential politics for 80 years. But the editorial board urged all of its readers over the weekend not to vote for Trump. (For context, more than six in 10 voters in next month’s election will be members of the flock.)

“What oozes from this audio is evil,” the editorial said. “Trump’s banter belies a willingness to use and discard other human beings at will. That characteristic is the essence of a despot.”

Republican Gov. Gary Herbert and Rep. Jason Chaffetz, both Mormons, withdrew their support last Friday just hours after The Post published the video. Sen. Mike Lee, who is up for reelection, also called for the reality TV star to drop out, prompting an avalanche of colleagues to follow.

A former Miss Teen Utah is one of the women who has come forward to accuse Trump of boorish behavior in the days since. (Trump denies any wrongdoing.)

-- Romney, who is Mormon, got 73 percent of the vote here four years ago. Trump got just 34 percent of the vote in a Monmouth University poll published yesterday. He leads Clinton by only 6 points (she pulled 28 percent). Another 20 percent back independent Evan McMullin, who joined the race at the urging of Never Trump conservatives, and 9 percent support Libertarian Gary Johnson. The survey was in the field after the emergence of the 2005 tape but before numerous additional women came forward to accuse Trump of misconduct.

Just 19 percent of likely voters view Trump favorably. Seven in 10 do not believe he has the temperament to be president. Six in 10 Republicans and three in four Mormons say he does not share their values.

-- I interviewed more than 30 voters on the ground over the past two days, and it feels like he has not yet hit bottom.

-- The alternatives to Trump are racing to capitalize on his collapse in the Beehive State. Both McMullin and Johnson are running their national campaigns out of Salt Lake City, trying to become the first non-major-party candidate since 1968 to win any state’s electoral votes.

McMullin, who is focusing more on Utah than any other state, is a 40-year-old Mormon who spent a decade at the CIA and later became the policy director for the House Republican Conference. “People are finally realizing the truth about Trump,” he said during an interview at his campaign headquarters yesterday afternoon. “I imagine there are dozens more of these women out there, sadly.”

The first-time candidate presents himself as the antithesis of Trump. He talked about “the positives of immigration.” He said he really wants to win over Muslims. He decried stop-and-frisk policing as “based on racism.” And he heavily criticized both major-party nominees.

“Both of these candidates, under other circumstances, might find themselves in jail,” McMullin said, taking a sip of a Diet Coke. “Either Donald Trump for sexual assault or Hillary Clinton for violating our laws on protecting classified information. So the debate is about who has abused women more and who is more corrupt. It is horrible that we find ourselves in this position.”

McMullin last week tapped Mindy Finn, a D.C.-based digital media strategist, to be his running mate. “We hear from a lot of our supporters that we are an answer to their prayers,” she said. “They can walk out of the polling booth with their head held high. … The Republican Party has lost its way. It’s eating itself alive by normalizing the behavior of Trump. … What exists here is a lifeboat.”

-- Utah was always a bad fit for Trump. Most Mormons spend two years overseas as missionaries, which gives them a more internationalist outlook. Because the early church faced so much persecution, Trump’s support for religious tests cause visceral disgust. The state welcomes refugees with open arms. In contrast to the Rust Belt, there are vastly more opportunities for upward mobility and the unemployment rate is one of the lowest in the country.

Boyd Matheson, who runs a local conservative think tank called the Sutherland Institute, believes McMullin can win. “Utahns are not an angry people,” he said. “The hunker-down protectionism that Trump is offering just doesn’t ring true here. … For a lot of people who were never excited about Trump, the video locked it in.”

-- But McMullin’s immediate problem is that two-thirds of Utahns have still not heard of him. “We want to prevail in Utah, but we have a lot of work to do,” he said at a sparsely-decorated campaign office that is next door to a Thai restaurant and across from a credit union. Without much fundraising, he’s focusing on free media coverage and digital efforts. He said there has been a 1,600 percent increase in online engagement over the past four days. “We saw a marked shift with the tape,” he said.

-- The other big issue is that if the anti-Trump vote is divided, like it was throughout the GOP nominating contest, the reality TV star could eke out a narrow win. Johnson has campaigned hard in Utah. He was back in the state Wednesday night and has come at least once every few weeks since the start of the year. During the interview, McMullin sought to dismiss Johnson as a spoiler of sorts: “He has some impact, but this is a three-way race.”

Johnson’s communications director Joe Hunter responded that the former New Mexico governor will appear on the ballot in all 50 states while McMullin has only qualified to appear in 11 states. “He’s kind of running for president of Utah, and that’s legit,” Hunter, who lives up the road in Park City, said of McMullin. “There’s nothing wrong with that strategy. But we’re more confident in ours. … We’re ultimately the best option for the Never Trump Republicans in Utah.”

Everyone says a late endorsement from someone like Romney might help voters coalesce behind either McMullin or Johnson and put them over the top. “All the people you would wonder about, I’m talking to most of them,” McMullin said when asked if he’s in touch with the 2012 GOP nominee (who is legendary here because he turned around Salt Lake City’s failing 2002 Olympics).

-- To be sure, Clinton has a very narrow path to victory in such a conservative state. She’s viewed unfavorably by almost the same percentage of voters as Trump. Only 25 percent said they like her in the Monmouth poll. And she lost the caucuses here this spring to Bernie Sanders.

But Peter Corroon, the chairman of the Utah Democratic Party, said his team is mobilizing a bigger get-out-the-vote operation than ever before, knocking on hundreds of thousands of doors and making hundreds of thousands of phone calls. “It probably won’t be over 30 percent of the vote, but I think she’ll get the plurality,” said Corroon, the former mayor of Salt Lake City. “Every time Trump opens his mouth, it gets worse for him here. … Some will move to Hillary, and McMullin and Johnson are splitting the third-party votes.”

Republicans like to point out that, in 1992, Bill Clinton finished in third place (with 25 percent of the vote) behind George H.W. Bush and Ross Perot. Mike Lee says he still has not made up his mind about who to vote for, but it will not be Trump or Clinton. When I asked him if there’s any way she could prevail, he did not hesitate. “No,” he said. “It’s not going to happen.”

But it’s also true that third-party candidates typically underperform how they do in pre-election polling because they do not have the same kind of organization to get out the vote.

The Clinton outreach also extends to Utah's growing Hispanic population, especially those living in the state's 4th Congressional District, represented by Rep. Mia Love (R). Statewide, Hispanics comprise about 8 percent of eligible voters, but in Love's district they account for about 25 percent. That was enough to prompt Lorella Praeli, the campaign's Latino voter outreach director, to travel here last month to meet with local volunteers and activists. As in other states with smaller, but growing, Hispanic populations like North Carolina and Pennsylvania, the Clinton campaign thinks running up the score with this constituency could wind up being decisive.

-- Clinton campaign strategists freely acknowledge that Utah is a reach, and that it is easier to pick off states like Arizona or Georgia first. Both sides agree that, if Trump loses here, the election nationally will probably be a blowout. But if for some reason it is close, and the divided third-party votes allow her to win in a squeaker, Utah’s six electoral votes (the same number as Iowa has) could cut off several other paths Trump has to get to 270.

WHILE YOU WERE SLEEPING:

-- The Nationals season is over after they fell to the Dodgers 4-3 in Game 5. Los Angeles scored all four runs in the seventh inning. “We just came up short,” manager Dusty Baker said. “I’m proud of my guys, of how they played this year.” (Jorge Castillo)

-- A Fox News poll shows Clinton up 7 points (45-38) over Trump, up from just 2 points last week. More than half of Americans now say Trump is unqualified to be president. ""If the Republicans are not at rock-bottom, they can certainly see the bottom from where they are,"" says GOP pollster Daron Shaw. ""If Trump got 90 percent of self-identified Republicans and nothing else -- no Democrats and no independents -- he'd be at 32 percent.”

-- Clinton is up 4 points in North Carolina and Ohio is virtually tied in NBC/WSJ/Marist polling. Sen. Richard Burr is tied with Democratic challenger Deborah Ross at 46 percent in the Tar Heel State. Rob Portman continues to dominate in the Buckeye State, leading Democratic challenger Ted Strickland by 18 (55-37).

-- A SurveyUSA poll in Texas found that Trump’s lead has receded to just 4 points in the Lone Star State, which is within the margin of error. For perspective, Romney won the state by 16 points in 2012, McCain by 13, and George W. Bush by 23. Ted Cruz is not popular back home: Only 45 percent approve, compared to 45 percent who disapprove. ""It suggests that he may be looking at a significant primary challenge,” said SMU professor Matthew Wilson. Separately, Texas has a record-breaking 15 million people registered to vote ahead of the election, the Texas Tribune reports – more than 777,000 more than were registered for the March primaries.

-- Trump is pulling out of Virginia. NBC News reports that the news was announced to staff on a Wednesday night conference call and left many operatives on the ground blindsided. The decision came from Trump’s headquarters in New York and means that he is running essentially a four state campaign in the final three weeks, focusing on Pennsylvania, Florida, North Carolina and Ohio.

“Several factors appear to have pushed Virginia into the Clinton column,” Laura Vozzella explains from Richmond: “Changing demographics that favor Democrats in statewide elections; divisions within the state Republican Party over Trump; Clinton’s selection of Sen. Tim Kaine, a well-liked former Virginia governor as her running mate; and vigorous support from Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D), a close Clinton friend. ‘We got so far ahead here that we are no longer considered a swing state in Clinton World,’ McAuliffe told The Post in an interview last week — before the release of a tape of Trump bragging about groping women.”

-- Paul Ryan is attempting to move past his week-long battle with Trump today by delivering a fresh policy speech and announcing that he helped raise an additional $15.4 million to defend the House GOP majority. Kelsey Snell has early excerpts: “Ryan will argue for the value of conservative leadership in Congress in a mid-day address to college Republicans in his home state of Wisconsin. The speech aims to refocus the political discussion on the same traditional Republican themes like small government and freedom that Ryan has seen as key to maintaining a GOP majority as support [for] Trump has been sinking. ‘It is important that we take a step back and reflect on what this election is ultimately about,’ Ryan will say. ‘Beneath all the ugliness lies a long running debate between two governing philosophies: one that is in keeping with our nation’s founding principles—like freedom and equality—and another that seeks to replace them.’""

-- The RNC raised $39.4 million in September and has transferred $6.35 million of that to fund down-ballot races. From Bloomberg’s Kevin Cirilli: “The reallocation of $6.35 million—$4.5 million of which went to the National Republican Senatorial Committee, and $1.85 million to the National Republican Congressional Committee—was made ‘with the encouragement of the Trump campaign,’ the RNC's press release stated.”

-- Elsewhere, a group of the Republican Party’s most generous donors are calling on the RNC to disavow Trump, saying the latest allegations about his sexual misconduct are grounds for the committee to cut ties, finally and fully. From The New York Times’ Jonathan Martin, Alexander Burns, and Maggie Haberman: “The Republican financial apparatus under Mr. Priebus, sputtering since Mr. Trump claimed the presidential nomination, is wheezing painfully in the final weeks of the race. The committee’s fund-raising officials now quietly acknowledge that Mr. Trump is a thoroughly compromised candidate, party donors said, but implore potential contributors to give anyway, stressing graver concerns like control of the Supreme Court. Many donors have stopped giving, though, and some have deserted the party, including two major donors who confirmed on Thursday that they were supporting Gary Johnson … Even some of Mr. Priebus’s allies believe that Mr. Trump is certain to be defeated and that it is time for the party to protect its image by disavowing him.”

-- Those who know him best are not giving him money --> “Trump's missing donors: the people who work for him,” by Michelle Conlin and Grant Smith at Reuters: “Kerry Woolard, the 37-year-old manager of Trump Winery in Charlottesville, Virginia, went online in June and made her first political contribution: A $250 donation to the campaign of her boss, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. Woolard's donation was unusual. Only a dozen of an estimated 22,450 people employed at Trump's companies have donated more than $200 to the celebrity businessman's bid for the U.S. presidency, [according to a Reuters review] …” The contributors have given a total amount of $5,298 to Trump's campaign, a fraction of the $112 million Trump's political operation has received this year. This stands in stark contrast to the 2012 election, when employees at the private equity firm Mitt Romney led until 1999, Bain Capital, and a separate company for which he worked, Bain & Company, donated nearly $375,000. Bain Capital employees gave an additional $1.125 million to Romney's Super PAC.”

-- How toxic is Trump? Florida GOP Rep. David Jolly, who represents an area around Tampa, is threatening to sue the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee over a campaign ad that uses multiple photo-shopped pictures of him and Trump, portraying a close relationship between the two -- though they have never met in person. ""I have never met Donald Trump. I have never had a conversation with Donald Trump. I have never been in a room with Donald Trump,"" said Jolly, who has refused to endorse Trump but is nevertheless expected to lose to Charlie Crist. (Miami Herald)

-- Trump spent Thursday afternoon issuing a stunning call to arms, emphatically denying a wave of new groping allegations while charging that his accusers were instead conspiring against him. From Philip Rucker and Sean Sullivan: “Scrambling to turn around his floundering campaign, Trump declared war on the media and multinational corporations, alleging they are colluding with [Clinton] to orchestrate ‘the single greatest pile-on in history.'"" “The Clinton machine is at the center of this power structure,” he said at a Palm Beach rally. “Anyone who challenges their control is deemed a sexist, a racist, a xenophobe and morally deformed.""

-- This is part of a pattern: When he gets desperate, Trump spins conspiracy theories. From Sean Sullivan: “This time, there was a bigger, badder villain — ‘a global power structure’ of corporate interests, the media and Clinton engaging in subterfuge. This time, it was about him. Trump said Thursday that the world had reached ‘a moment of reckoning.’ He told his backers that his campaign is ‘not about me; it’s about all of you, and it’s about our country.’ He portrayed the powers he says have banded together to rally against him and his advocates as ruthless and cunning. ‘They will attack you; they will slander you; they will seek to destroy your career and your family; they will seek to destroy everything about you, including your reputation,’ Trump said. ‘They will lie, lie, lie, and then again they will do worse than that; they will do whatever is necessary.’”

-- His speech came just minutes after Michelle Obama delivered a scathing, impassioned repudiation of Trump’s behavior, saying the groping allegations have “shaken her to her core.” The dueling speeches made for a remarkable moment in a roiling presidential campaign and signaled that the final 25 days would focus ""not on policy or ideology, but on character. “Two speeches. Two Americas. A pair of apocalyptic arguments and one call to burn down the house. That’s the summation from just two remarkable hours Thursday that crystallized the final month of Campaign 2016,” Dan Balz writes. “In back-to-back appearances, in what might be the two most compelling hours of the entire election, Michelle Obama in New Hampshire and Donald Trump in Florida delivered the fiercest, most provocative and hardest-hitting speeches of an election cycle that has been without precedent in hot rhetoric. The presidential campaign has been building toward all this. Day after day after day, the rhetoric has intensified, the charges and countercharges have escalated, the issues have been reduced to asterisks, and the gulf between the Trump and Clinton coalitions has widened. Sunday’s debate in St. Louis foreshadowed what was to come. Now there will be no turning back.”

-- Trump today will broaden his attack against the media to hit globalism and the Clinton Foundation by charging that Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim is part of the biased coalition working in collusion with the Clinton campaign, the Wall Street Journal’s Monica Langley reports. “As early as Friday, Mr. Trump is planning to claim that Mr. Slim, as a shareholder of New York Times Co. and donor to the Clinton Foundation, has an interest in helping Clinton’s campaign … The Slim family held about 17% of the New York Times Class A shares as of March, making them the largest individual shareholder. Mr. Slim and his foundation have given between $250,000 and $500,000 to the Clinton Foundation since its founding. Attacking the Mexican billionaire would allow Mr. Trump to hit several targets. He could slam the ‘failing’ New York Times, which he says had to be ‘rescued’ by a ‘foreigner’—Mr. Slim, a [Trump adviser] said.”

Slim and the Times pushed back quickly: “This is totally false,” said Arturo Elias, Slim’s spokesman. “Of course we aren’t interfering in the U.S. election. We aren’t even active in Mexican politics.” He said the contributions by Slim to the Clinton Foundation were a matter of public record. “Carlos Slim is an excellent shareholder who fully respects boundaries regarding the independence of our journalism,” said Times publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr. “He has never sought to influence what we report.”

-- Die-hard Trump supporters have become angrier than ever. “Crowds that once booed and shouted at the press mainly at Trump’s prompting … have now begun spontaneously targeting the press on their own, at a scale not yet seen in this campaign, or any in memory on American soil,” says Politico’s Ben Schreckinger, who has covered the campaign for more than a year. “Chants of ‘CNN sucks’ have become commonplace at Trump's rallies this week and members of the traveling press were called ‘whores’ and ‘press-titutes’ as they filed out of a Thursday afternoon rally in West Palm Beach. This week, Trump has begun claiming that mainstream media outlets no longer conduct journalism. ‘Reporters who work for these outlets like Washington Post or The New York Times may think of themselves as journalists, but they’re actually just cogs in a corporate, political machine,’ he said in Panama City.""

-- One woman told HuffPost that she witnessed Trump looking up model’s skirts and commenting on their underwear at a 1996 dinner with mutual friends. Their group was seated at a semi-circular table, Lisa Boyne recounted, and the women couldn’t get up without Trump and his friend getting up – which they refused to do. “Instead, Boyne said, Trump insisted that the women walk across the table, allowing him to peer up their skirts while they did so. Trump “stuck his head right underneath their skirts,” Boyne said, and commented on whether they were wearing underwear and what their genitalia looked like.

-- Three longtime “Apprentice” staffers told The Daily Beast that Trump repeatedly called deaf actress Marlee Matlin “retarded,” saying he regularly disrespected her and treated her as if she was mentally disabled. “He would make fun of her voice. It actually sounded a lot like what he did [to] the New York Times guy,” said a former Apprentice employee. In another incident, Trump scribbled in the margins of a note on set: “Marlee, is she retarded?”

-- Creepy: In 1992, Trump spotted a pair of girls singing Christmas carols at the Plaza hotel and asked them how old they were. When they said 14, Trump, then 46, replied, “Wow! Just think — in a couple of years, I'll be dating you!"" (LA Times)

-- Trump canceled a Sean Hannity interview that was scheduled for Fox News last night, perhaps to avoid having to answer for the latest allegations. A spokesman said it would be “rescheduled.” (Politico)

-- “These women plan to vote for Trump, despite his lewd comments,” by Mary Jordan in North Carolina: “If Clinton becomes the first female president of the United States, a lot of women at Granny’s Country Kitchen will be upset. They know Trump has said crude things about women. He may even have behaved like a lout. But when forced to weigh Trump’s behavior against their disdain for Clinton, the women at Granny’s say it’s not even close. A growing gender gap is marking the 2016 campaign. Not since CBS News exit polls were first taken in 1972 has there been such a divide in how men and women view candidates.” But perhaps more unexpected than women abandoning Trump are those who still enthusiastically support him. … ‘Is it offensive? Yes. Can we forgive it? Yes!’ Debbie Meadows, wife of Rep. Mark Meadows (N.C.), said of Trump’s remarks. Rep. Ted Yoho’s wife agreed: ‘When I found out, I had a few moments of righteous indignation,’ she said. ‘Then I got some perspective.’”

-- The Times responded to a letter from Trump’s lawyers that called their sexual assault story ""libelous"" and threatened a lawsuit: ""The essence of a libel claim, of course, is the protection of one’s reputation,"" Times’ lawyer David McCraw wrote. “Mr. Trump has bragged about his non-consensual sexual touching of women. He has bragged about intruding on beauty pageant contestants in their dressing rooms. He acquiesced to a radio hosts’ request to discuss Mr. Trump’s own daughter as a ‘piece of ass.’ Multiple women not mentioned in our article have publicly come forward to report on Mr. Trump’s unwanted advances. Nothing in our article has the slightest effect on the reputation that Mr. Trump, through his own words and actions, has already created for himself.”

-- Melania Trump's lawyers also threatened to sue People magazine over the first-person account written by Trump accuser Natasha Stoynoff, demanding a retraction and saying that portions of the story are ""completely fictionalized.""

-- People editor-in-chief Jess Cagle posted a lengthy defense of Stoynoff and the story: “Ms. Stoynoff is a remarkable, ethical, honest and patriotic woman. We stand steadfastly by her, and are proud to publish her clear, credible account of what happened.""

-- Clinton allies David Brock and Gloria Allred both offered to help cover legal fees for and otherwise represent Trump’s accusers: ""We would pay for the legal defense of Trump accusers,” said Brock, a Democratic operative. And Allred, a civil rights lawyer, also signaled openness: “If any women who are making allegations of inappropriate [conduct] contact me, I would be happy to speak to them and then decide if I would be able to represent them,” she said. (Politico)

-- Donald Trump Jr. defended his father. Asked about the two women who talked with the Times, he said during a radio interview: ""Come on guys, it's so ridiculous, I've never heard anything dumber in my life. ... I think it makes him a human. I think it makes him a normal person, not a political robot.” (CNN)

-- In another radio interview, from 2013, Don Jr. actually suggested that women who cannot tolerate harassment “don’t belong in the workforce”: “If you can’t handle some of the basic stuff that’s become a problem in the workforce today, then you don’t belong in the workforce,” the younger Trump  said. “Like, you should go maybe teach kindergarten. I think it’s a respectable position.” The hosts then joked about hypothetically pulling up pictures of naked women on their computer screens. “I’d feel harassed!” Trump, Jr. joked. “This is my get rich quick scheme. I’m now suing you guys because I feel uncomfortable. And by the way, that’s what happens in the world. I can play along, I can be fine, and then I can decide randomly — ‘uh oh, you now have crossed the line, even though I’ve been going with it.’” (Buzzfeed)

-- Ivanka Trump, stumping for her father in the Philadelphia suburbs, avoided any talk of the groping allegations. “Ivanka, perpetually on point, stayed on message,” NBC’s Leigh Ann Caldwell reports. “So much so that some of the same questions were repeated in each of the events, including what it was like to work with her dad and brothers, what she likes about Pennsylvania and why she thinks her dad would be a good president.”

-- Why didn’t Trump’s people see any of this coming? Because the candidate rebuffed political aides’ requests to provide standard-fare opposition research that is traditional for any public figure -- and the decision ultimately contributed to his campaign being caught off guard this week. Both Corey Lewandowski and Paul Manafort made these requests when they took the reins of Trump’s campaign, and it became a point of contention among his top political advisers. (Bloomberg’s Kevin Cirilli)

-- A review of previously-sealed New York records shows that neither Trump nor the Trump Foundation actually gave the $10,000 that they pledged to a 9/11 charity organization in the months following the attack. From the New York Daily News: The review, conducted by city comptroller Scott Stringer, “appears to contradict Trump's prior boasts of spontaneous generosity, made as his hometown reeled from the worst terrorist attack on U.S. soil in history … The records show that through mid-2002 there is no evidence that Trump personally or through the Trump Foundation gave to either group. The only recorded major donation to 9/11 causes that Trump has made was $100,000 from his foundation — which has been bankrolled by others without any money from Trump for years — to the 9/11 Museum in April 2016, as he sought to generate headlines after Cruz attacked him for his ‘New York values’ during the primary election.”

-- Ten former nuclear launch control officers signed an open letter saying that Trump “should not have his finger on the button.” The letter says the decision to use nuclear weapons requires “composure, judgment, restraint and diplomatic skill” — all qualities that the former Air Force officers who signed it said Trump lacks. (Carol Morello)

-- A group of former Reagan administration alumni have formed a group called “Reaganites Opposing Trump.” In a post on Medium, former George W. Bush National Intelligence Director John D. Negroponte writes: “Ronald Reagan was a man of wisdom, humor, unfailing courtesy and measured temperament. I personally observed these traits … during daily meetings in the Oval Office, meetings with foreign leaders and in the Situation Room. He would have been appalled by Donald Trump’s utterances and behavior. Mr. Trump has no claim whatsoever to the mantle of Ronald Reagan.”

-- “What happened to ‘America’s Mayor’? How Rudy Giuliani became Trump’s attack dog,” by Paul Schwartzman and Ben Terris: “A year ago, former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani read an editorial in his hometown newspaper mocking him as a ‘shill’ for endorsing a little-known Republican [district attorney candidate].  Angry, Giuliani phoned the editorial page editor, Arthur Browne, to defend his endorsement. But the point that appeared to wound Giuliani the most, Browne recalled, was the editorial’s assertion that the former mayor ‘resides today beyond political relevance.’ “’I am relevant,’ [he insisted], ‘because all these people want my endorsement.’  The former mayor has no such worries these days. Eight years after his own presidential bid failed, Giuliani has emerged as Trump’s unflinching chief apologist, cheerleader and rhetorical Rottweiler … It’s a role that confounds allies and admirers who remember Giuliani’s rise as a law-and-order Republican twice elected in the country’s largest bastion of liberalism. ‘From his days as U.S. attorney, he was at the top of the organizational chart,’ [a] former adviser said. “Now he’s staff. He carries bags. He walks behind Trump. It’s just amazing to see.’”

-- Clinton submitted formal answers under penalty of perjury over her use of a private email server at the State Department, declaring 20 times that she did not recall requested information and discussions, and asserting she was never warned that the practice could run afoul of laws on preserving federal records. From Politico’s Josh Gerstein: ""Clinton also said she could not recall ever being warned about any hacking or attempted hacking of her private account or server. Clinton's answers generally track with her public statements on the issue and with FBI reports about what she said during an interview conducted in July. Clinton ""decided to use a clintonemail.com account for the purpose of convenience,"" her lawyers said. Asked what other reasons she may have had for doing so, she gave no ground.

-- Clinton advisers pressed her to apologize more explicitly for her use of a private email server while at the State Department, according to emails obtained in the WikiLeaks hacking. From the Wall Street Journal: After Clinton addressed the issue in a September 2015 TV interview, top aides discussed what they deemed a positive showing. But longtime Clinton confidante Neera Tanden wrote, “Everyone wants her to apologize. And she should.” “Apologies are like her Achilles' heel,” Tanden added. “But she didn’t seem like a [b*tch] in the interview. And she said the word sorry.”

-- President Obama launched a two day campaign swing for Clinton in Ohio, seeking to boost turnout for the Democratic nominee among African American and millennial voters that helped him win the state in 2008 and 2012. (David Nakamura and Krissah Thompson)

-- The Idaho Statesman endorses Clinton today: “We recognize a lot of you are not going to like our choice of a Democrat in this Republican state,"" the editorial board writes. “But our hope is that you will consider our reasoning before critiquing our conclusion. At this critical time in our nation’s history, we need, more than ever, to listen to each other with respect.”

-- This week’s Economist cover is on “The debasing of American politics”: “In a more fragile democracy, [Trump’s rhetoric] would foreshadow post-election violence. Mercifully, America is not about to riot on November 9th. But the reasons have less to do with the state’s power to enforce the letter of the law than with the unwritten rules that American democracy thrives on. It is these that Mr Trump is trampling over—and which Americans need to defend. Daniel Patrick Moynihan wrote that when many bad things happen at once, societies define deviancy down, until the list of what is unacceptable is short enough to be manageable. When parents wonder if a presidential debate is suitable for their children to watch, Mr Trump’s promise to build a wall on the Mexican border no longer seems quite so shocking. Healthy politics is not gang warfare. It involves compromise, because to yield in some areas is to move forward in others. It requires the insight that your opponent can be honourable and principled, however strongly you disagree. The 2016 election campaign has poured scorn on such ideas. All Americans are worse off as a result.”

-- Conservative commentator Erick Erickson writes on the path forward for the post-Trump GOP:  “In November, when Mr. Trump’s meteor enters the atmosphere of the voting booth, Americans will be treated to a spectacular flameout as late-night comedians and professional Twitter warriors rush to tweet, ‘You’re fired!’ But when the Russians go home, the pastors repent and riot police disperse white nationalist protests, the Republicans will need fresh ideas. [And most importantly] … the Republican Party must recommit to a basic principle — character counts. The party that once impeached Bill Clinton for lying about an affair has defended a man who bragged about sexual assault. Character cannot be wedded to party politics, and the Republicans will have to make amends for defining deviancy down to defend the indefensible Donald Trump.”

-- Wall Street Journal, “Voters’ Education Level a Driving Force This Election,” by Aaron Zitner and Dante Chinni: “The clearest dividing line in this year’s presidential election now falls along educational lines: Whites without a college degree have consolidated behind Trump and those with a four-year degree are tending to back Clinton. The divide helps explain why Mr. Trump pulled his field staff Wednesday from Virginia—essentially ceding a state where polling shows he has been largely abandoned by suburban voters with higher education levels—and why he remains competitive in the swing states of Iowa and Ohio, which have large shares of noncollege whites. Mrs. Clinton, meanwhile, is ahead in New Hampshire and Colorado, home to larger shares of whites with college degrees … The widening education gap, if it holds, would stand as a landmark in the repositioning of the nation’s two main political parties.”

-- Former Boston Globe D.C. bureau chief David Shribman grapples with the idea that Democrats are becoming the new “professional party”: “American political parties are always in transition. This year, Trump has revealed deep cracks in the traditional Republican coalition and gone to war with party leaders. Yet while the Democrats are more united behind their 2016 nominee, they’re arguably more divided over their party’s vision and future. … For politicians and campaign operatives who for a generation or more have been working for the Democrats — or against them — the party’s growing dependence on the prosperous and well-educated is disorienting. Are the Democrats the party of working people anymore or is their future with college-educated professionals?  Does a party that draws its strength from the richest and the poorest places in America have any logical rationale? Hence this question, perhaps the most devastating one of all: Have the Democrats replaced the Republicans as the party of the social, cultural, and economic elite?”

-- “A wounded bear is a dangerous thing. Detested and defeated, Trump is now in a tear-the-country-down rage,” The New York Times’ Timothy Egan writes. “Day after day, he rips at the last remaining threads of decency holding this nation together. His opponent is the devil, he says — hate her with all your heart. Forget about the rule of law. Lock her up!  Here’s his lesson for young minds: If you’re rich and boorish enough, you can get away with anything. Get away with sexual assault. Get away with not paying taxes. Get away with never telling the truth. You know this by now — all the sordid details. For much of the last year, the Republican presidential nominee has been a freak show, an oh-my-God spectacle. He opens his mouth, our cellphones blow up. But now, in the final days of a horrid campaign, an unshackled Trump is more national threat than punch line. He’s determined to cause lasting damage.”

Russia's foreign minister gave quite a quote on the presidential campaign -- this tweet was posted on their U.S. embassy's official Twitter account:

Hell keeps freezing over -- a senior correspondent at National Review praised Michelle Obama for her speech going after Trump on groping:

Here's what she said:

So did Biden and others:

On the campaign trail: Trump campaigns in Greensboro and Charlotte, N.C.; Pence is in Pensacola and Miami, Fla. Bill Clinton campaigns for Hillary in Delaware and Cincinnati, Ohio.

At the White House: Obama speaks at a Clinton event in Cleveland. Later, he and Biden attend the convening of the National Security Council for a periodic review of the Counter-ISIL campaign in Iraq and Syria.

On Capitol Hill: The Senate and House are out.

NEWS YOU CAN USE IF YOU LIVE IN D.C.:

-- The weather is officially starting to cool down! The Capital Weather Gang gives today’s fall forecast an official “nice day” rating: “Similar to, say, this past Monday, it may feel pleasantly cool under mostly sunny skies. Perhaps a periodic, thin veil of high clouds, but don’t worry. Temperatures should get from morning 50s to afternoon readings near 60 to the mid-60s. You may not need that morning light jacket on the way home! Arguably a great, beautiful day despite slightly below-average high temperatures. Some folks may fall below official Nice Day criteria (65-85 degrees) but it’s close enough for a Friday.”

-- The Capitals fell to the Penguins 3-2.

In case you missed Michelle Obama's speech, check out this clip:

At a rally, Obama determined he was not a demon:

Watch this old, bizarre interview with Trump. At the end, he talks about pursuing women: ""Move forward -- even if you get smacked, move forward.""

Seth Meyers took a closer look at Clinton's leaked Wall Street speeches:

Joss Whedon's super-PAC created this video poking fun at generalized touting of ""business experience"" in politics:",1
4928,Clinton Enters Fall With Key Advantages in White House Race,"Two months from Election Day, Hillary Clinton has a clear edge over Donald Trump in nearly every measure traditionally used to gauge success in presidential races.

She's raising huge sums of money and flooding airwaves with television advertisements. A sophisticated data team with a history of winning White House contests is meticulously tracking voters in key battleground states. Clinton also has multiple paths to the 270 electoral votes needed to win in November — so many that she could lose Ohio and Florida and still become America's first female president.

But Trump's campaign believes there are pockets of voters eager to be persuaded not to back Clinton. While Trump squandered a summer's worth of opportunities to court those voters, his campaign heads into the fall suddenly confident in its ability to make up lost ground.

Trump aides were gleeful Friday over the release of FBI notes regarding Clinton's controversial email practices while secretary of state. His campaign plans to come out of the Labor Day weekend wielding the report as a warning about the Democrat's judgment.

Getting Trump to make that kind of consistent case against Clinton has been a herculean task for much of the campaign. But advisers say he's more receptive to his new leadership team's more scripted approach, mostly because it's coincided with a tightening in the public polls he monitors obsessively.

""There's a renewed focus on Hillary Clinton and her problems, which I think has been beneficial,"" said Matt Borges, the chairman of Ohio's Republican Party. ""He's got to sustain this for another couple weeks.""

Still, Trump aides acknowledge that the brash businessman needs to more to address his own shaky standing with voters.

Trump's campaign has spent no general election money on positive, biographical ads, despite having plenty of cash to do so. Efforts to highlight a warmer side of the New York real estate developer at the GOP convention were quickly overshadowed by flaps of his own making. He's also angered anew Hispanics voters, a fast-growing segment of the electorate that Republicans are desperate to draw from, by holding fast to his tough immigration policies.

""He's running up against a population trend and a demographic reality,"" said Steve Schale, a Florida-based Democratic strategist.

If Trump can reshape the race, he'll need to do so quickly. Early voting begins in some states this month. North Carolinians can start submitting absentee ballots Friday. In Ohio — a state no Republican has won the White House without — people can start voting on Oct. 12, a week before the last of three presidential debates.

Both campaigns expect enormous audiences for the debates. Clinton, who has been in intensive study sessions with her debate team in recent days, is sure to face higher expectations from voters. Trump's political inexperience leaves him with a lower bar to clear.

Privately, Republican leaders say it will take more than strong debates for their nominee to alter a race that appears to be leaning in Clinton's favor. While Trump publicly maintains support from numerous high-ranking GOP officials, a striking number of discussions among Republicans in Washington often begin with an assumption that Clinton will be president come January.

Trump advisers vigorously dispute that the race has slipped from their grasp. They contend most Americans are just now tuning into the presidential campaign in a serious way.

""We're very much on schedule to do what we need to do to turn out the vote for Mr. Trump,"" said Bob Paduchik, Trump's Ohio state director and one of the most experienced operatives on the Republican's staff. Paduchik said Trump's efforts heading into the fall are focused primarily on rallying ""disaffected Democrats and independents.""

Clinton's campaign has long argued that Trump is overestimating the number of voters willing to switch from voting Democratic in presidential election to Republican. But Clinton aides are monitoring movement toward a pair of third party candidates, Libertarian Gary Johnson and the Green Party's Jill Stein.

""There's no question you've got two candidates who are both underwater on their favorables right now,"" Joel Benenson, Clinton's chief strategist and pollster, said by way of explaining the appeal of Johnson and Stein. ""I think it's important as this gets closer that people understand the stakes and the importance of their vote.""

Clinton and running mate Tim Kaine will have an all-star stable of Democrats making that case on their behalf through the fall.

President Barack Obama is expected to spend much of October campaigning for Clinton, focusing in particular on increasing turnout among young people, blacks and college-educated whites. Vice President Joe Biden will camp out in working class areas of Ohio and Pennsylvania. Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, Clinton's vanquished primary rival, will be rallying the young voters and liberals who backed his campaign.

Trump will be largely on his own, with the exception of running mate Mike Pence and a few loyal supporters such as New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani. In the battle for control of the Senate, most Republicans in competitive races have stayed away from Trump.

Democrats now see a clear path to taking back control of the Senate, with party leaders identifying Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania as favorable opportunities to pick up seats. Democrats are also confident that if Clinton wins in some of the most contested state such as New Hampshire, North Carolina and Nevada, she'll bring along the party's Senate candidates.

There are bright spots for Republicans in the Senate contests. Sen. Rob Portman of Ohio is running a campaign that mirrors Clinton's more than Trump's — disciplined, well-funded, and heavily centered on data — and appears on track to hold his seat, even if Clinton carries the state in the presidential race.",1
1315,What you need to know about the New Hampshire primary,"Voting started in the wee hours of Tuesday in New Hampshire's first-in-the-nation primary.

In Dixville Notch, residents did their traditional first voting just after midnight, bringing smiles to the faces of Bernie Sanders and John Kasich.

Sanders swept Hillary Clinton in Dixville Notch, 4-0, while Kasich topped Donald Trump, 3 votes to 2.

In nearby Millsfield, Ted Cruz won the Republican vote over Trump, 9-3. Several other candidates got one vote apiece. Clinton beat Sanders, 2 votes to 1.

In Hart’s Location, population 43, Kasich bested Trump again, 5 votes to 4, with Chris Christie gathering 2 votes. Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, and Marco Rubio got one vote each. Sanders edged Clinton, 12 votes to 7. Mark Stewart Greenstein, who calls himself a “liberty-leaning Democrat,” got 2 votes, the Union Leader reported.

But the real deal starts as polls across the state open later Tuesday morning, and New Hampshire has a record of making history in its primaries. Here's what to watch for:

Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders have both been leading in the New Hampshire polls by double-digit margins for months. They both crushed it in a statewide poll of 11,000 K-12 students in the state last week. If either one of them loses the New Hampshire primary, it will be the equivalent of a political earthquake. So the real eyes are on the second-place finishers, and in the Republican race, perhaps third. On the Democratic side, if Hillary Clinton can get Sanders' margin of victory down below 10%, she can claim some success in challenging Sanders on his home turf (he's from neighboring Vermont). On the Republican side, Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz, John Kasich and Jeb Bush have all averaged between 10% and 15% in the polls. If one of them can break away from the pack and finish more than 5% (or so) ahead of the rest of the field, it will give them the opportunity to claim to be the standard-bearer for the ""Not Trump"" lane of the party.

If Sanders and Trump do not win by large margins, prepare for a bunch of hand-wringing from pollsters, who are already under fire for unanimously failing to predict Ted Cruz's Iowa victory last week. There are a lot of good reasons to be skeptical of the polls — there are a lot of candidates in the GOP field so it is hard to narrow down the level of support among them; New Hampshire voters notoriously make their decisions late in the race; and it can be very difficult to predict turnout for non-traditional candidates like Trump and Sanders. (Here's a good podcast by pollsters Margie Omero and Kristen Anderson breaking down the Iowa polls.)  Still, for months polls have been the only real measure of who is up and who is down in the presidential race; those of us who cover politics for a living would feel better if the polls turned out to be right.

There are more registered independent voters in New Hampshire (390,000) than Democrats (231,000) and Republicans (262,000), and under state law any voter can walk into a polling pace and choose a primary ballot for any party. So independent voters will have a dramatic impact on the outcome, and watching how these voters align in New Hampshire might provide an interesting signal for which candidates could reach independents in November's general election.

The New Hampshire secretary of state is predicting more than 550,000 people will vote in the primaries Tuesday, which would be historically high and good news for ""outsider"" candidates Trump and Sanders who draw a lot of support from new voters. Keep in mind that new Hampshire allows out-of-state college students to declare residency in the state and vote there, which is also good news for Sanders, who is doing very well among young voters. Weather should not be a significant factor: It snowed in much of the state Monday and more snow is forecast for Tuesday, but not enough to keep these hearty New Englanders at home.

Most polls close in New Hampshire at 7 p.m. Eastern; the Iowa caucuses did not begin until 8 p.m. Eastern. So we should have meaningful results before the 11 p.m. news.

Results were not yet compete in Iowa before the first candidate — former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee — dropped out of the Republican race, followed quickly former senator Rick Santorum and Sen. Rand Paul, and, on the Democratic side, former Maryland governor Martin O'Malley. Elections have results, and candidates who did poorly in Iowa like Kasich, Bush, Chris Christie, Ben Carson and Carly Fiorina will have a hard time continuing their campaigns if New Hampshire gives them a second weak result.",1
3963,NATO and Putin: Downed Russian bomber is big threat,"Washington (CNN) The cool, calm, clear thinking that kept the NATO alliance intact as it weathered the Cold War with the Soviet Union has been shattered.

Decades of careful diplomacy and nail-biting inaction during the potentially world-annihilating nuclear arms race of the 1950s, 60s and 70s appears to have been sacrificed in a few brief seconds by Turkey.

During the Cuban missile crisis of 1962, the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979, the deployment of nuclear weapons in western Europe in the 1980s and many other causes of strife, NATO did not take on the Soviet Union or Russia directly and Moscow did not attack any NATO country.

Heavy smoke has been seen in the area where the plane fell.

Heavy smoke has been seen in the area where the plane fell.

The Turkish government is strongly opposed to the Syrian regime of Bashar al-Assad. Russia, however, has backed Assad, and has had warplanes active over Syria.

The Turkish government is strongly opposed to the Syrian regime of Bashar al-Assad. Russia, however, has backed Assad, and has had warplanes active over Syria.

The Anadolu Agency reported that a parachute was also seen leaving the jet before it crashed. The fate of the airman remains unclear.

The Anadolu Agency reported that a parachute was also seen leaving the jet before it crashed. The fate of the airman remains unclear.

Turkey's semi-official Anadolu Agency cites Turkish presidential sources in reporting that a Russian SU-24 was ""hit within the framework of engagement rules.""

Turkey's semi-official Anadolu Agency cites Turkish presidential sources in reporting that a Russian SU-24 was ""hit within the framework of engagement rules.""

The Turkish military says it shot down the unidentified warplane, contending it repeatedly violated Turkish airspace.

The Turkish military says it shot down the unidentified warplane, contending it repeatedly violated Turkish airspace.

A Russian warplane goes down in Syria's Bayirbucak region, near the Turkish border, on November 24, 2015.

A Russian warplane goes down in Syria's Bayirbucak region, near the Turkish border, on November 24, 2015.

That all changed when Turkish air force jets shot down a Russian bomber Tuesday -- the first time a NATO country has taken such action since 1952.

Back then NATO -- a military alliance formed after World War II by countries in North America and Western Europe that now has 28 member states committed to defending each other -- stood firmly as one.

""As we have repeatedly made clear, we stand in solidarity with Turkey and support the territorial integrity of our NATO ally, Turkey,"" he said.

But, already, German and Czech officials are expressing surprise at Turkey's action -- taken after the Russian plane was inside Turkish airspace for 30 seconds or less, according to U.S. calculations.

Perhaps that seemed more possible this week, with both France and Russia mourning losses from ISIS terror and when they were collectively trading their national tragedies for compromises to find a solution in Syria.

And Erdogan has squandered it.

The downing of the Russian jet smacks of what Erdogan's enemies accuse him of -- of aspirations to resurrect the Ottoman Empire -- and leaves him open to claims he is too soft on radical Islamists. Putin has gone further -- saying that Erdogan, the head of state of a NATO member, is siding with the terrorists.

And that's why -- at first analysis -- this looks like a disaster, beyond the loss of life of one pilot and a would-be rescuer.

It may also be a gain for Putin.

For all those years he has was trying to undermine NATO unity, Erdogan's hasty move has handed it to him on a plate.

We may learn what led up to the strike, but the deed is done.

Erdogan's NATO partners can now only look at him as a loose cannon, an unstable element in a very combustible situation. Not a steady partner capable of calm nerve that saw the alliance last the Cold War. Erdogan has thrown the whole card table in the air.

In Turkey, as internationally, Erdogan has a history of pushing his own agenda, whether it's against the tide or not.

There's almost no freedom of the press there -- just ask the journalists locked up while covering the recent elections, in which Erdogan's party did surprisingly well after a summer poll flop.

Conflict with Kurdish people inside and outside Turkey continues. Turkey took no action against ISIS for a year and a half as the group advanced across the border in northern Syria.

Even as the United States sees Kurdish fighting groups as a hope to beat ISIS, Turkey continues to attack them. To many in Turkey, the prospect of an independent state for the Kurds is seen as a greater threat than the religious extremism of ISIS. To much domestic acclaim, Erdogan has moved Turkey away from its secular past and resurrected Islamism in Turkish politics.

Indeed, Erdogan appears to pin hopes on the more moderate Muslim Brotherhood of Syria to thwart real radicals, but he could be getting played.

And then there's taking on Russia, which is also nominally targeting the common enemy of ISIS.

Putin may have dirty hands -- but so does Erdogan.",1
1366,Rand Paul Drops Out Of White House Race,"Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul is suspending his campaign for president after a disappointing finish in Iowa, turning his focus now to his Senate re-election bid.

""Across the country thousands upon thousands of young people flocked to our message of limited government, privacy, criminal justice reform and a reasonable foreign policy. Brushfires of Liberty were ignited, and those will carry on, as will I,"" the Republican said in a statement.

""Although, today I will suspend my campaign for President, the fight is far from over,"" he continued. ""I will continue to carry the torch for Liberty in the United States Senate and I look forward to earning the privilege to represent the people of Kentucky for another term.""

The libertarian-leaning senator finished a distant fifth in the Hawkeye State on Monday evening, unable to replicate the strong coalition that his father, former Texas Rep. Ron Paul, had built there four years ago.

His prospects were similarly bleak both in national polling and in New Hampshire, which is up next Tuesday. Left off the main debate stage last month for his poor standing in surveys (he instead boycotted the so-called undercard debate), Paul faced being passed over again at Saturday's GOP debate.

His end-of-the-year campaign finance report showed a depleted bank account, too, with just $1.3 million remaining.

And Paul, unlike his rivals, had another campaign he was running simultaneously to worry about — his Senate re-election bid. Though the first-term senator starts with the advantage in the GOP-leaning state, he drew a strong Democratic challenger last month in Lexington Mayor Jim Gray.

Paul had to jump through hoops just to be able to run for both Senate and president at the same time. Last year he persuaded the state party to hold a March caucus instead of a May primary so he could legally be on both ballots. That political insurance policy he won't need anymore was costly — he had promised he would pay for the change, which could be upwards of $500,000.",1
5143,Donald Trump's run: He was just the man he was waiting for,"Before he decided to run for office, Trump’s political donations were a cost of doing business, suggesting that his practice of politics was transactional, not ideological. He hosted fundraisers and invited politicians to weddings. “I give to everybody. When they call, I give,” Trump said. “And you know what? When I need something from them — two years later, three years later — I call them. They are there for me.”

Trump and his major companies gave at least $3.1 million to local, state and federal candidates from both parties between 1995 and 2016, not including donations that may have flowed through the scores of limited-liability corporations that Trump controlled.

He donated to Hillary Clinton when she was running to be a U.S. senator from New York. Asked if he voted for her, Trump said: “I never say who I’m going to vote for.” He did say in a separate interview, however, that his votes for president were consistently Republican. Although he said he lost respect for the younger President Bush because of his handling of the war in Iraq, which he later called a “disaster,” he said he voted for Bush again in 2004 because he felt it was important to “carry the Republican line.” Recalling the 2004 vote, Trump said he showed his distance from Bush by not throwing fundraisers for him.

Trump’s public statements sent mixed signals about his political leanings. In 2006, he told the New York Times that Sen. John McCain, who would become the 2008 Republican presidential nominee, could not win because he advocated sending more troops to Iraq. Trump praised the future Democratic nominee, then-Sen. Barack Obama, for his “wonderful qualities.” Nonetheless, Trump contributed $3,600 to McCain during the 2008 campaign and said he voted for him.

Trump changed parties seven times between 1999 and 2012, starting when he left the GOP to consider a run under the Reform Party banner. After registering as a Democrat in 2001, he switched back to the Republicans in 2003. He became a Democrat again in 2005 and a Republican in 2009. He chose not to be affiliated with any party in 2011. Asked what he would say to critics who saw the constant party-switching as proof that he had no core beliefs, Trump responded: “I think it had to do more with practicality because if you’re going to run for office, you would have had to make friends.”

Then he returned to the GOP in 2012, once again stoking speculation that he had his sights on the presidency.",1
4791,AP FACT CHECK: Claims in the VP debate,"Not all the claims in the vice presidential debate stand up to scrutiny. A look at some of them and how they compare with the facts:

REPUBLICAN MIKE PENCE: ""The fact that under this past administration, we've almost doubled the national debt is atrocious.... Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine want more of the same.""

THE FACTS: As a share of the total U.S. economy, the national debt has gone up 35 percent; not a doubling.

Still, the debt has ballooned to $19.6 trillion. This largely reflected efforts by the Obama administration to stop the Great Recession.

Would Clinton similarly increase the debt? Not according to an analysis by the independent Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget.

The Clinton plan with its tax increases would increase the gross debt -- both privately and publicly held-- by $450 billion over 10 years. Mind you, that is on top of an $8.8 trillion increase already projected by the government under current law.

As for Donald Trump, the committee says his tax-cut-heavy plan would increase the gross debt by $4.3 trillion --nearly 10 times more than Clinton's plan would do.

DEMOCRAT TIM KAINE, on fighting the Islamic State: ""Donald Trump doesn't have a plan.""

THE FACTS: Clinton also doesn't have a plan that is materially different than what President Barack Obama is already doing.

She's described a three-part strategy that involves crushing IS ""on its home turf"" in the Middle East, disrupting its infrastructure on the ground and online, and protecting America and its allies. All are current elements of the Obama administration's strategy, so it's not clear what would change or if she would accelerate any portions of it.

It's also the case that Trump has not laid out a clear plan.

PENCE, calling Clinton the ""architect of the Obama administration's foreign policy,"" says the crisis in Syria was the result of a ""failed and weak foreign policy that Hillary Clinton helped lead.""

THE FACTS: Clinton, as secretary of state, actually pushed for increased U.S. intervention after Syrian President Bashar Assad used chemical weapons against rebels. But Obama is the commander in chief and nothing has swayed him thus far. Whatever her failings might be on foreign policy, it's a stretch to accuse her of helping to lead a weak policy on Syria.

PENCE: ""We've seen an economy stifled by more taxes, more regulation, a war on coal.""

THE FACTS: The coal industry's woes don't come solely from onerous federal regulations. Pence omitted the effects of steep competition from cheap natural gas.

A string of major coal companies have filed for bankruptcy in recent years, including Arch Coal, Alpha Natural Resources and Peabody Energy. Layoffs and cutbacks have spread economic suffering through coal country in the Appalachians and Wyoming's Powder River Basin. By contrast, these are boom times for natural gas extraction, mostly due to hydraulic fracturing, or fracking.

Still, the Obama administration has implemented rules that aren't making the coal industry's life any easier. Obama last year imposed a rule requiring coal-fired power plants to cut their carbon emissions as part of his effort to combat climate change. The rule has been suspended pending a legal challenge. Obama also has halted new coal leases on federal lands until it completes a comprehensive review.

PENCE, saying he's proud that ""the state of Indiana has balanced budgets.""

THE FACTS: True, but that's not exactly to his credit as governor of Indiana. A balanced budget is required by law, as it is in every state except Vermont.",1
680,"Ugly, bloody scenes in San Jose as protesters attack Trump supporters outside rally","SAN JOSE, Calif. —Protests outside a Donald Trump rally in downtown San Jose spun out of control Thursday night when some demonstrators attacked the candidate’s supporters.

Protesters jumped on cars, pelted Trump supporters with eggs and water balloons, snatched signs and stole “Make America Great” hats off supporters’ heads before burning the hats and snapping selfies with the charred remains.

Several people were caught on camera punching Trump supporters. At least one attacker was arrested, according to CNN, although police did not release much information.

“The San Jose Police Department made a few arrests tonight after the Donald Trump Rally,” police said in a statement. “As of this time, we do not have specific information on the arrests made. There has been no significant property damage reported. One officer was assaulted.”

In one video circulating widely on social media, two protesters tried to protect a Trump supporter as other protesters attacked him and called him names.

Another video captured a female Trump supporter taunting protesters before being surrounded and struck in the face with an egg and water balloons.

Police eventually cleared the protest, which they called an “unlawful assembly.”

The incidents were the latest in a series of increasingly violent altercations between protesters, Trump supporters and police at the presumptive Republican nominee’s campaign events. A week ago, it was Albuquerque descending into chaos as the city was shaken by raucous riots and arrests outside a Trump rally. A month earlier it was Costa Mesa, Calif.

Thursday was San Jose’s turn to take center stage in what is quickly becoming a traveling fiasco.

Before the event, the San Jose Police Department issued a press release saying it “recognizes and respects everyone’s right to express their First Amendment [rights], and we will do everything possible to ensure the event is safe for all attendees and surrounding neighborhoods.”

As the night unfolded, however, it became clear that the chaos seen at Trump campaign stops across the country had found its way to San Jose.

Trump supporters were surrounded and, in several cases, attacked as they left the rally.

In one incident captured on camera, a Trump supporter was struck hard over the side of the head as he was walking away from a group of protesters. The attack left him with blood streaming down his head and onto his shirt.

“I was walking out with a Trump sign and he grabbed my Trump sign, saying I was like a racist and stuff,” the man told bystanders and local media. “Then he followed me, like, spit on me.”

The Trump supporter said all he had done was chant the candidate’s name before trying to walk away.

Another Trump supporter was also bloodied after being attacked, his shirt torn almost completely off his body. Videos circulating on social media showed swirling, furious fights spilling from street corner to street corner, often with no police in sight.

Marcus DiPaola, a freelance photographer following the Trump campaign, posted video of someone getting punched violently in the face.

Reached by phone Thursday night, DiPaola said the sucker punch happened at 8:08 p.m. just outside the convention center where the Trump rally was held.

“It wasn’t completely unprovoked,” he said. “The guy with the flag was waving it in front of the victim’s face. The victim kind of pushed the flag out of the way and then walked quickly away. You saw what happened next.”

DiPaola said he called 911 but was put on hold and so hung up. He said he told one police officer about the beating but was told SJPD “didn’t have the manpower” to intervene.

“Morons,” he said. “How do you not staff 911 for an event of this size?”

DiPaola wasn’t the only journalist to condemn the cops’ handling of the protest.

Many of the protesters were peaceful. Some waved Mexican flags in an apparent response to Trump calling Mexican immigrants “rapists.”

According to the San Jose Mercury News, many of the protesters were Latinos from East San Jose opposed to what they saw as racism from the GOP candidate.

“We’re here to support Latinos, black people; we’re not rapists,” Cindy Zurita, a 23-year-old student, told the Mercury News as she held a sign reading: “Mr Hate leave my state.”

ABC reporter Tom Llamas, however, said that some of the protesters were “throwing up gang signs.”

“There were [people] who came to demonstrate & some who just wanted to brawl,” he tweeted, calling it “the most violent demonstrations we’ve seen.”

At times, protesters began to fight among themselves. In one instance, two female protesters pleaded for nonviolence while trying to protect a Trump supporter from an angry crowd. Despite their efforts, someone snatched the Trump supporter’s hat.

A handful of the bright red “Make America Great Again” hats were set on fire by protesters, who then snapped photos of the scene or hung the charred hats from street signs.

Some protesters said they were disappointed to see violence undermine their message.

“It’s sad to see San Jose representing like this,” student Martha Garcia told the Guardian. “Trump is the one igniting the hate. You can’t fight fire with fire.”

Perhaps the most jarring scene was that of a young female Trump supporter being attacked by a crowd of protesters.

In multiple videos of the incident, the woman initially appeared to be happily posing in her Trump football jersey in front of the mostly male protesters, some of whom can be heard whistling and shouting at her.

Then an anonymous arm rises over the crowd and tosses an egg at the woman, striking her in the head and eliciting howls and laughter from the crowd.

A second later, a red water balloon bursts against the woman’s arm.

At first, the woman tries to shrug off the attacks, smiling while appearing to reach out toward the Mexican flags that some protesters are waving.

Objects keep crashing into the convention center windows behind her, however, and protesters can be heard screaming expletives at her.

Suddenly, another projectile strikes her hard in the face. Eventually, someone comes to help her and, after she indicates that she is having trouble seeing, she is ushered back inside the convention center.

The ugly scenes of violence toward Trump supporters Thursday appeared to be the inverse of similar incidents earlier in the campaign in which Trump protesters, not supporters, were targeted.

The sucker punch captured by DiPaola, for instance, echoed an incident in March when a 78-year-old Trump supporter sucker-punched a protester at a rally in Fayetteville, N.C.

[Trump protester sucker-punched by supporter in brutal video of Tucson rally]

Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders’s campaigns both condemned the violence in San Jose. John Podesta, chairman of Hillary Clinton for America, tweeted that “violence against supporters of any candidate has no place in this election.”

Mike Casca, Sanders’s rapid response director, tweeted that “we cannot stop Trump’s violent rhetoric with violence — only peaceful protest in a voting booth can do that.”

Blame for the attacks circulated almost as rapidly as images of the violence, with Trump supporters accusing Democrats and members of the media of having a double standard.

Many liberals, meanwhile, including the Democratic mayor of San Jose, suggested that Trump’s angry and divisive rhetoric made him at least partly responsible for the violence at his events.

“At some point Donald Trump needs to take responsibility for the irresponsible behavior of his campaign,” Mayor Sam Liccardo told the Associated Press, praising the city’s police while adding that “we’re all still holding our breath to see the outcome of this dangerous and explosive situation.”

Things inside the rally were more subdued — if only slightly.

Politico reported that one of its journalists was removed from the rally for reporting at the event without the campaign’s permission.

Trump, meanwhile, was interrupted a handful of times by protesters.

Responding to Clinton’s blistering attack on him earlier in the day, Trump attacked her over her email controversy, going so far as to say “Hillary Clinton has to go to jail.”

“She does not look presidential — that I can tell you,” he said, according to Bloomberg. “This is not a president. Four more years of this stuff and we’re not going to have a country left.”",1
4900,Why did Mexico invite Donald Trump for a visit? (+video),"President Enrique Peña Nieto has invited both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton to meet in Mexico. In a surprise move, Mr. Trump has accepted the offer, hours before he will give an immigration policy speech in Arizona.

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump steps off his plane after arriving for a campaign rally at Crown Arena in Fayetteville, N.C. on Tuesday, Aug. 9, 2016. Trump will fly to Mexico Wednesday on invitation of President Enrique Peña Nieto.

The Republican presidential candidate is taking up Mexican president Enrique Peña Nieto on an offer extended to both US presidential candidates by making a quick visit to Mexico on Wednesday, just hours before he is expected to a deliver major immigration speech in Arizona.

""I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him...,"" said Mr. Trump in a Twitter post on Tuesday night.

Trump's ascent to the nomination owes much to his antagonism of the United States' southern neighbor: launching his campaign with remarks that belittled immigrants from Mexico, and claiming that they have contributed to international humiliation for the US.

""They're not sending us their best,"" he said in his June 2015 speech announcing that he was seeking the Republican presidential bid. ""They're sending people that have lots of problems and they're bringing those problems. They're bringing drugs, they're bringing crime, they're rapists, and some, I assume, are good people but I speak to border guards and they tell us what we're getting.""

""When do we beat Mexico at the border?"" he continued. ""They're laughing at us, at our stupidity. And now they're beating us economically. They are not our friend, believe me, but they're killing us economically.""

In March, Mr. Peña Nieto criticized Trump's ""strident"" tone, likening his brand of populism to that of fascist leaders like Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini. He later told CNN that there was ""no way"" that Mexico would ever pay for the construction of a border wall, as Trump has insisted it should.

On Tuesday, Peña Nieto seemed to preempt criticisms over the invitation, writing on Twitter that he believed in dialogue ""to promote the interests of Mexico in the world and, principally, to protect Mexicans wherever they are."" The purpose of the visit, he wrote, was to discuss bilateral relations – a preferred topic for a president who has made attracting foreign investment a priority.

His comments in March aside, the Mexican president has been characteristically circumspect in his remarks about the US elections, describing them as a matter to be decided internally.

""I have never made any remark or rating about any of the candidates today in the democratic competition of the United States,"" he said in July, according to local media. ""Any point or statement that I have made has been taken out of context.... I have always expressed absolute respect for the process.""

In April, The Christian Science Monitor noted that despite the vast expense and formidable array of practical obstacles involved in building walls along the border, politicians in the US continue to use the idea to soothe anxieties over immigration:

The value of the wall, some experts say, is much more as a political idea than an actual structure. The border wall remains a powerful symbol for people on both sides of the immigration debate – either as a sign of security taken seriously or of fear and misunderstanding run amok. “It’s something that has gained a lot of political value, the idea that you can wall the United states off from the rest of the rest of the world, particularly in this case, Mexico,” says Rachel St. John, author of “Line in the Sand: A History of the U.S.-Mexico Border.”

Trump's visit comes as he appears to retreat from his earlier insistence that he would marshal a ""deportation force"" to expel all of the country’s roughly 11 million undocumented immigrants. In recent meetings with Hispanic supporters, the candidate suggested that he might be open to letting some of those people stay – though his staff has appeared to contradict that in subsequent interviews.

New Jersey governor Chris Christie, a close Trump adviser who visited Peña Nieto in Mexico City in 2014, was among those pushing the Republican candidate to take the trip, a source close to the campaign told the Associated Press.

This report contains material from the Associated Press.",1
1942,Hillary is new and improved! Take as directed.,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
716,Protests at Donald Trump rally overshadow Washington primary win,"Donald Trump easily won the Washington state primary on Tuesday, but his victory was overshadowed by violence outside a rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where protesters smashed windows and threw rocks at police.

With 73% of votes counted in Washington, Trump had won 76.2% of primary voters. John Kasich and Ted Cruz, both of whom have dropped out of the race, had won 9.9.% and 10.1% respectively.

Trump’s victory leaves him only needing a few dozen more delegates to reach the magic number of 1,237 required to cement the Republican nomination.



Outside Trump’s rally in Albuquerque, protests against the presumptive nominee turned nasty on Tuesday night, with protesters overturning crowd control barriers and throwing rocks at police.

There were early posts on social media reporting gunshots and tear gas, but the Albuquerque police department said those were inaccurate. Nonetheless, police horses were deployed to control the large crowd of protesters, and some reports showed pepper spray being used. The door to the convention center where Trump was speaking was also smashed.

More than an hour after Trump had finished speaking and left for California, where he will campaign for the next few days in the run-up to the state’s 7 June primary, hundreds of protesters still thronged the streets, waving Mexican flags, lighting fires and chanting.

Trump is the only remaining candidate campaigning for the Republican nomination, but Kasich and Cruz were also on the ballot in Washington, having suspended their campaigns after the ballots were printed.

Dr Ben Carson was also on the ballot because he reportedly never officially submitted a withdrawal of his candidacy to the state.



The state delegation, which was selected on Saturday at the state convention in preparation for the primary, is composed almost entirely of supporters of Cruz, whose supporters overwhelmed the state convention in Pasco.



Despite this, the delegates are bound by state party rules to vote for Trump on the first ballot at the national convention, US senate candidate and former chairman of the Washington state Republican party Chris Vance, who was at the convention, told the Guardian.

However, with seven upcoming primaries, including New Jersey and California, Trump is expected to easily overtake the delegate mark needed to win the nomination on the first ballot at the convention in Cleveland in July, avoiding a contested convention.

In a strange quirk of party politics, the Democrats also held a presidential primary in Washington on Tuesday, but it didn’t matter in the slightest because the Democratic delegation from Washington was already settled by a caucus in March, at which Bernie Sanders beat Hillary Clinton 73% to 27%.

Interestingly, in the Democratic primary – which was admittedly meaningless as it has no bearing on the number of delegates as opposed to the caucuses – Clinton won comfortably, 53.63% to 46.37%, implying that perhaps Democratic voters want the primary season to be, finally, over with.",1
3153,Obama takes fire for,"Jindal, the Republican governor of Louisiana, referred to Obama's comments as a ""history lesson"" that ignores ""the issue right in front of his nose.""

""We will be happy to keep an eye out for runaway Christians, but it would be nice if he would face the reality of the situation today,"" Jindal said in a statement out Friday. ""The Medieval Christian threat is under control, Mr. President. Please deal with the Radical Islamic threat today.""

Santorum, who ran for president in 2012 as well, rebuked Obama for ignoring the threat of ISIS and criticizing people of faith.

""Today's remarks by the President were inappropriate and his choice of venue was insulting to every person of faith at a time when Christians are being crucified, beheaded, and persecuted across the Middle East,"" the former Pennsylvania senator said in a statement.

The comments, which were intended to illustrate the potential for religion to be used for both good and bad aims, drew fierce criticism from conservatives on Thursday. And with Santorum's decision to weigh in, could rapidly become fodder for attacks from potential 2016 contenders looking to burnish their credentials with the religious right. Santorum went on to slam Obama for misunderstanding the threat posed by the rise of Islamic extremism, and accused him of tying modern Christians to ""the scourge in the Middle East."" ""While Christians of today are taught to live their lives as the reflection of Christ's love, the radicals of ISIS use their holy texts as a rationale for violence,"" he said. ""To insinuate modern Christians — the same Christian faith that led the abolitionist movement, the Civil Rights Movement, and global charitable efforts fighting disease and poverty — cannot stand up against the scourge we see in the Middle East is wrong."" Santorum also suggested that some Muslims have only been opposed to ISIS' burning a Jordanian pilot alive because they are opposed to the ""tactic,"" not the actual murder itself. ""Some Muslims...[have] sat quietly by as the Islamic State uses brutal violence that is not antithetical to Islam and only objects on tactics,"" he said. During the National Prayer Breakfast, Obama didn't downplay the threat posed by ISIS, but instead made the case that ""humanity has been grappling with"" the tension between the good and bad deeds done in the name of religion for ages. ""And lest we get on our high horse and think this is unique to some other place, remember that during the Crusades and the Inquisition, people committed terrible deeds in the name of Christ,"" he said. ""In our home country, slavery and Jim Crow all too often was justified in the name of Christ. Michelle and I returned from India — an incredible, beautiful country, full of magnificent diversity — but a place where, in past years, religious faiths of all types have, on occasion, been targeted by other peoples of faith, simply due to their heritage and their beliefs — acts of intolerance that would have shocked Gandhiji, the person who helped to liberate that nation."" But conservatives decried his comments as both further evidence of his poor grasp of the threats facing the nation, and insulting to Christians. Talk-radio host Rush Limbaugh said he insulted ""the whole gamut of Christians,"" and Jim Gilmore, the former GOP governor of Virginia, called the comments ""the most offensive I've ever heard a president make in my lifetime,"" according to the New York Times And Catholic League President Bill Donohue — a frequent critic of Obama — called the comments ""insulting"" and ""pernicious"" in a statement, and said Obama was trying to ""deflect guilt from Muslim madmen.""",1
647,Bernie Sanders is expected to endorse Hillary Clinton today. What did his movement mean?,"It's amazing to go back and watch Bernie Sanders's presidential campaign announcement. Nearly everything about Sanders's campaign would change over the following 14 months — except for the candidate himself.

There are no introductions. Sanders begins by pulling a crumpled piece of paper out of his pocket, before turning to a small scattering of reporters gathered around a makeshift podium.

There's not a single Sanders supporter in sight — no banners, no ""Bernie Tees"" or ""Feel the Bern"" pins or even as much as a cardboard sign. Sanders speaks for about 10 minutes and answers a few questions before turning to walk back to the US Capitol, alone.

Washington reporters chuckled. They knew that Clinton would put on a slick show, and she did — kicking off her bid on Roosevelt Island to 5,400 cheering supporters waving American flags, standing on a stage carved out to show her campaign logo.

But over the course of the campaign, Sanders would be the one routinely packing stadium-size rallies, drawing rallies of tens of thousands of people, and getting introduced by liberal icons like former Labor Secretary Robert Reich and actor Danny Glover. The substance of his message is almost exactly the same, but now there's someone — millions of them, in fact — eager to hear it.

On Tuesday, Sanders is widely expected to finally endorse Clinton at a rally in New Hampshire. His team can boast a number of accomplishments — a radical new way to finance the modern presidential campaign; the mainstreaming of critical liberal policies; runaway popularity with young voters — but he is now shorn of the the outpouring of energy that powered his campaign for months.

The end of Sanders's movement, however, also marks the beginning of the debate over what it meant: Was Bernie just a typical left-wing insurgent who scared the centrist candidate? Or did he light the spark of a ""political revolution"" — and show the promise of a new kind of Democratic politics?

For Bernie's closest allies, lefty academics, and other writers, the surging interest in Sanders's campaign shows that he's more than a candidate of the left wing of the party. They see the massive growth of inequality in America as fundamentally reorienting our politics and think Sanders is the candidate who most capitalized on that transformation.

To them, Sanders's run is not like Bill Bradley's in 2000 or Howard Dean's in 2004, but the start of something else altogether. In this interpretation, Sanders's success is not principally the result of winning the Democrats' left flank; it's the result of a populist rebellion that drew the masses to his cause.

Here's Robert Reich, a prominent Sanders ally and a public policy professor at the University of California Berkeley:

Reich goes on to argue that Sanders's rock star popularity is the result of his laser-like focus on challenging financial elites at every turn.

You can disagree with this analysis, but there's certainly plenty of evidence for it — including Clinton's support among wealthier voters and Sanders's runaway popularity in ""coal country"" states like West Virginia.

Sanders denounced inequality with more ferocity than any other presidential candidate, and inequality really has skyrocketed in America over the past few decades. It's certainly theoretically possible he became the major beneficiary of that shift.

Sanders's allies see evidence for this thesis bubbling up at every corner of the campaign.

The most obvious is the senator's shocking success at the ballot box. From starting at essentially zero in polling at the race's outset, Sanders rocketed to within a few points of Clinton's popularity among Democrats, pulled in more than 9 million votes, and gave the prohibitive favorite a far greater scare than essentially anyone expected.

As the Nation's Steve Fraser says in one typical column, the idea of Sanders's success as a reaction to widening financial inequality also appears to to explain Donald Trump's rise on the right:

Sanders's allies see the Democratic primary as a battle between the upper class and the middle/lower class everywhere they look: in Clinton's reliance on Wall Street and six-figure donations over Sanders's small donor army; in the mass turnout at his campaign rallies; and in the ""corporate media"" that has allegedly helped her over the organic social media that has driven his campaign.

Then there's the matter of Sanders's polling numbers against Donald Trump. Vox's Matt Yglesias lays out the case to be skeptical of these numbers here, but polling really has consistently shown Sanders outperforming Clinton in head-to-head matchups against Trump.

In a standard left-right framework, Sanders running ahead of Clinton doesn't make any sense. But if you think politics has been spun on its head and should now be thought of primarily on an elite-populist axis, then maybe it does.

But while some see Sanders as a transformational figure, political scientists and mainstream pundits tend to see in his candidacy a largely unsurprising left-wing insurgency that — like others before it — has benefited from the dynamics of a Democratic primary.

As Slate's Jamelle Bouie argues convincingly in a piece called ""There is no Bernie Sanders movement,"" Sanders really represents a faction of largely white ideological liberals — not some populist uprising against the elites — whose dissatisfaction with mainstream Democrats we've seen demonstrated in nearly every recent presidential primary:

Moreover, we don't know how much Sanders's velocity was the result of an unusually open Democratic field. Echoing Bouie, Boston College professor Dave Hopkins punctures the idea of a transformative ""Sanders movement"" by noting that any candidate who ran against the compromised Clintons would have a shot at winning over young voters in big numbers.

""[Sanders's] overwhelming margins among young voters might have been attenuated had he been facing a more conventional Democratic opponent, or opponents, who could also claim to be a fresh political face and who remained free of the baggage left by the Clintonist compromises of the 1990s and early 2000s,"" Hopkins says. ""If Sanders were running against some combination of Cory Booker, Chris Murphy, and Amy Klobuchar, would voters under the age of 35 appear equally enthusiastic about the prospect of implementing socialism as the defining creed of the Democratic Party?""

Hopkins added that there's no reason to be assured that Sanders's popularity with young voters — he outperformed even Barack Obama with voters under 30 — will guarantee a long-term shift.

""I know of no survey evidence that shows that the difference between younger and older Democrats on substantive issues is anywhere near as large as the generation gap in support between Clinton and Sanders,"" he says, ""which suggests to me that Sanders’s fairly remarkable appeal among the young is based on more than just policy.""

But perhaps the most damning rebuttal to the idea that Sanders has ignited a new class-conscious politics is that he doesn't actually appear to be doing any better among poorer voters than Clinton.

Back in April, Vox's Dara Lind showed that Sanders's campaign had failed to mobilize the poor it was explicitly designed to attract. And while some commentators have thought Sanders has performed better with the white working class, political scientists have demonstrated that this is mostly an artifact of young people having less money. There's not much of any evidence for a brewing ""political revolution"" of a previously untapped underclass of voters, in other words.

Some have doubted that even Sanders's young legions of supporters are genuinely committed to his policy ideas. In the New York Times, Vanderbilt's Larry Bartels and Princeton's Christopher Achen go as far as arguing that we can't even reasonably assume Sanders's young supporters are backing his candidacy because they're more liberal than the rest of the party:

Sanders's campaign has the energy of the moment — the mass mobilization of young people and, by extension, the ability to organize rallies that dwarf Clinton's in size.

It's an undeniably impressive accomplishment. But it's far from clear if it also represents the future of American politics.",1
4334,"Trump Doubles Down On McCain Criticism, Refusing To Apologize","Trump Doubles Down On McCain Criticism, Refusing To Apologize

Veterans groups have added to the chorus of condemnation against Donald Trump — much of it coming from within his own party — following disparaging remarks the real-estate mogul and Republican presidential candidate made about Sen. John McCain's war record.

And Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America:

As we reported previously, Trump, attending a Family Leadership Summit in Ames, Iowa, on Saturday, lashed out at the Arizona Republican and former GOP presidential nominee, who spent more than five years as a prisoner of war in North Vietnam after being shot down in 1967.

""He was a war hero because he was captured,"" Trump said. ""I like people who weren't captured.""

Fellow candidates, including former Govs. Jeb Bush and Rick Perry and Sen. Marco Rubio, have fired back at Trump, with Rubio saying on CNN Sunday that the remarks were a ""disqualifier"" for the Republican nomination.

Asked on ABC's This Week if he owed McCain an apology, Trump answered: ""No, not at all.""

""John McCain has failed,"" he said, citing the Arizona senator's record on veterans' issues. ""I believe that I will do far more for veterans than John McCain has done for many, many years, with all talk, no action. ... Nothing gets done.""

And in his latest tweets and statements from his campaign, Trump touts his record on veterans and demands that McCain apologize for calling those who attended a Trump rally in Phoenix last week ""crazies.""",1
1769,Why Scott Walker's supernova campaign burned out (+video),"By the time Scott Walker dropped out of the 2016 presidential race Monday, few in the political world were surprised.

The Republican governor of Wisconsin was running out of money. His campaign staff was bloated and in disarray. He failed to impress in the debates. And GOP voters had abandoned him. By Sunday, he was a mere asterisk in the new CNN/ORC poll, coming in at less than one-half of 1 percent among Republicans.

Just a few months ago, Governor Walker was the golden boy of the Republican field, widely seen as a top-tier prospect for the nomination and leading the polls in Iowa, the crucial first nominating state. He had won three elections for governor in four years, including a recall vote, after a hard-fought defeat of public sector unions. In January, a fiery speech at a conservative conference in Iowa wowed the GOP base.

But when Walker began the tough slog of trying to impress a wider audience, it wasn’t pretty.

His campaign holds a number of lessons for this campaign season – some old, some new. Being a governor did him little good, as was the case for Texas Gov. Rick Perry in 2012. And a big money super political action committee couldn't save his campaign, as was the case for Mr. Perry this year.

His departure makes the likely GOP showdown between outsiders and insiders sharper. But more fundamentally, it shows that – insider or outsider – successful candidates need to be competent campaigners.

In a series of tweets Monday afternoon, when word spread that Walker was probably about to drop out, former aide Liz Mair charged him with multiple failings, including “not educating himself fast enough on issues outside governor’s remit.”

On a trip to London in February, Walker dodged questions on foreign policy and wouldn’t state whether he believed in evolution. At another conservative confab, he raised eyebrows when he compared fighting the Islamic State to taking on the labor unions.

By August, he was still struggling to deliver a coherent message. In one week, he took three positions on the issue of “birthright citizenship” – the 14th Amendment principle that grants automatic US citizenship to most children born in America. Walker also earned ridicule when he said building a fence on the US border with Canada was a “legitimate” idea.

“I know it’s a cliché, but I don’t think he was ready for prime time,” says Chris Galdieri, a political scientist at Saint Anselm College in Manchester, N.H.

The rise of Donald Trump, Ben Carson, and now Carly Fiorina – none of whom has ever held elective office – has also, for now, eclipsed the GOP’s more traditional candidates. Mr. Trump’s outsize personality left the mild-mannered Walker, in particular, gasping for political oxygen. In the last debate, Walker failed to assert himself on stage, and scored the least amount of speaking time.

But to suggest that Trump prevented Walker from making an impression in the debate is false. Florida Sen. Marco Rubio – another career politician, like Walker – was seen as a big winner in the last debate, along with Ms. Fiorina, the former CEO of Hewlett-Packard.

The Sept. 16 debate was do-or-die for Walker, and he died. Without a strong debate performance, he lacked the buzz needed to win the campaign cash infusion he desperately needed. Walker is a man of modest personal means, and could not write himself a big check to stay afloat while he regrouped. And he was apparently loathe to go into debt.

And so, like the first GOP contender of the cycle to drop out, former Texas Governor Perry, Walker leaves the stage a humbled man. Also like Mr. Perry, Walker has demonstrated the limits of the new Wild West of political fundraising: The super PAC that raised $20 million to support Walker, but which could not by law be used to fund Walker’s campaign directly, now sits in stasis. Perry’s super PAC contained $13 million when he dropped out on Sept. 11, and that money has already been returned to its donors.

The fact that Perry and Walker were the first to go is telling. Both have long experience as governors, and in theory, had the profile as chief executives that would seem tailor-made for a presidential bid. Just like past governors of the modern era who took their statewide experience national – Jimmy Carter of Georgia, Ronald Reagan of California, Bill Clinton of Arkansas, George W. Bush of Texas – Perry and Walker on paper looked promising.

Ditto former Gov. Tim Pawlenty (R) of Minnesota, who entered the 2012 presidential race as a top-tier contender, but floundered and dropped out early.

And especially after the experience of President Obama, a first-term senator who ascended to the Oval Office with little executive background, the early betting in the 2016 cycle was that governors would dominate the GOP field. But not all governors and former governors are created equal. The leap from statewide to national and international stage is, for some, too high.

Perry failed, again, to impress. After his not-ready-for-prime-time performance in the 2012 cycle, he proved the adage that you don’t get a second chance to make a good first impression. For Walker, the same principle held: After falling effectively to zero in the polls, regaining momentum seemed impossible – especially with such a large field – or at least financially too risky.

For now, the likely beneficiaries of Walker’s departure are Senator Rubio, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, and Ohio Gov. John Kasich. Already, some key Walker supporters (such as a New Hampshire co-chairman) have gone to Rubio.

In his announcement Monday that he was “suspending” his campaign – politics-ese for dropping out – Walker pitched himself as a “leader” in the effort to “clear the field” and take on the negativity of the campaign, a veiled attack on Trump.

""Today, I believe that I am being called to lead by helping to clear the field in this race so that a positive, conservative message can rise to the top of the field,"" Walker said in the Wisconsin capital, Madison. ""With this in mind, I will suspend my campaign immediately.""

It was an unusual rationale for ending a campaign. And it gave new meaning to the phrase “leading from behind.”",1
117,"Baltimore, race and matters of perception","Comments about recent events in Baltimore after the death of Freddie Gray provide a glimpse at perhaps one of our greatest challenges — perception.

In this case, as in too many others involving police, perception seems to be black and white.

“I think that if you look at what’s happened over the course of the last year, you’ve just got to scratch your head,” said House Speaker John Boehner (R) on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” referring to the rash of fatal incidents involving police officers and African American males.

“I heard your call for ‘no justice, no peace,’ ” said Baltimore City State’s Attorney Marilyn Mosby (D) to demonstrators in her city and around the country, as she announced charges against six police officers involved in the arrest of Gray. To the youth of Baltimore, she declared, “Our time is now!” and urged peaceful demonstration.

Both comments made headlines. And both, though well intentioned, carried subliminal messages freighted with racial (not racist) undertones.

Boehner’s overly cautious remark was as starkly white as his OxiClean-ed, hand-pressed shirts. A man more accustomed to golf courses and marble hallways than to gritty urban streets, he was plainly trying to acknowledge that we have a police and race problem in the United States. But he sounded like he’d just landed on the planet.

Yes, quite head-scratching, all this police business.

Mosby’s remarks, jubilantly received by the Baltimore crowd, provoked high dudgeon elsewhere. Some of the words used to describe her performance have included “showboating,” “demagoguing” and “grandstanding.”

To some ears, Mosby sounded as though the cops’ convictions were a fait accompli. That she found the evidence convincing enough to justify the charges may ultimately also justify her bravura. Let’s do keep in mind that Gray’s offense was making eye contact with an officer and running away.

Gray’s voice box was crushed and his spine all but severed, according to his family. Anyone who watched the video could see that Gray was in terrible pain as he was led to the police van, where he was shackled and his pleas for help apparently ignored.

That his life ended in pain and horror is not in dispute. But no less a legal luminary than Alan Dershowitz has taken issue with the charges, saying, “There’s no plausible, hypothetical, conceivable case for murder under the facts as we now know them.”

Charges brought against the six officers included one count of second-degree murder, four counts of involuntary manslaughter, assault and misconduct in office.

In other words, Mosby threw everything she could against the six officers. Many have asked: For justice? Or to quell the passions of the streets? Perhaps both. Mosby surely calculated that announcing the charges as she did — with a microphone in a public place — would have a dramatic effect. (She declined to be interviewed for this column.)

Mosby also was speaking as a member of her community, long plagued with a history of police brutality, including last year’s fatal beating of Tyrone West. The medical examiner’s report concluded that West died of a prior heart condition that was exacerbated by dehydration, the July heat and his police encounter.

No charges were leveled against the police in that case. Thus, from the perspective of many among Baltimore’s protesters, the current charges are long overdue. Even so, one does worry that the six officers are paying not only for their role in Gray’s death, to whatever degree this is determined, but also for the cumulative sins of others.

To the officers, the cheering and horn-honking following Mosby’s words must have sounded like the Colosseum mob’s cry for blood. To an older generation of Americans, they were reminiscent of the reaction 20 years ago when a mostly black jury found O.J. Simpson not guilty of murdering his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend, Ron Goldman.

Whites: He totally did it.

African Americans: It’s our turn, in so many words.

This past week, whites across the United States spoke softly about the Freddie Gray case: “Thank God three of the cops were black.”

President Obama, speaking after Mosby leveled her charges, called for truth. How, indeed, do we get to it? In a diverse nation, we’ll never all see things exactly the same way, nor would we want to, but we might at least strive to recognize our own biases and judge our own perceptions as harshly as we do others’.

Read more from Kathleen Parker’s archive, follow her on Twitter or find her on Facebook.",1
196,Congress inches closer to cliff,"Notable names include Ray Washburne (Commerce), a Dallas-based investor, is reported to be under consideration to lead the department.",1
1548,Carson Doubles Down on 'Muslim' Comments: 'Sharia Inconsistent with Constitution',"The Islamic faith isn’t “consistent” with the U.S. Constitution, and a Muslim shouldn’t be president, Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson said.

“I would not advocate that we put a Muslim in charge of this nation,” Carson said on NBC’s 'Meet the Press' on Sunday.

 

 Late Sunday, he doubled down on those comments in an interview with The Hill.

 

 “I do not believe Sharia is consistent with the Constitution of this country,” Carson told The Hill. “Muslims feel that their religion is very much a part of your public life and what you do as a public official, and that’s inconsistent with our principles and our Constitution.”

Editor's Note: Is Ben Carson Your Candidate for 2016? Vote Here.

Earlier, Carson told NBC's Chuck Todd that the religious beliefs of a president would matter if his or her faith was inconsistent with U.S. values. His view contrasted with that of Donald Trump, the billionaire front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination, who said on the program that a Muslim as president is something that could happen in the future.

Trump said he knows many Muslims who are “fabulous,” but there’s “a very severe problem” with some Muslims around the world -- comments he repeated on other Sunday broadcasts.

Special: Dr. Ben Carson's Vision for America, See It

“This is the first I’ve ever gotten into hot water for not saying anything,” Trump said. Trump and Carson both said they believe Obama is a Christian.

 

 Story continues below video.

 

",1
5259,"In clash between Trump and the Khans, new signs of a cultural and political divide","The mash-up of symbols couldn’t have been more stark: a Muslim immigrant extolling the virtues of American liberty while holding his pocket copy of the Constitution, and his wife, struggling to contain her emotions, standing silently by his side, wearing a soft-blue hijab.

The moment at the Democratic National Convention on Thursday night upstaged the debut speech by the first woman to be a major party’s nominee for president and confronted a vast television audience with a riveting and, for some, jarring blend of messages. Here were the parents of a fallen U.S. Army captain, still deep in mourning and palpably proud to be Americans; and here were Muslim immigrants from Pakistan, keenly aware of their uncomfortable place at the center of this year’s presidential campaign; and here was a pocket Constitution, in recent years a popular giveaway for conservative and evangelical groups; and here was a hijab, the Muslim head covering that has become a shorthand for the debate over Islam’s place in the Western world.

The overwhelming response to the appearance by Khizr and Ghazala Khan reflected the cultural and political divide that has dominated American discourse since the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001. Many people took Khizr Khan’s lecture to Donald Trump about liberty and xenophobia as a statement about what patriotism and American identity really mean. Many others took the speech as a partisan blast but nonetheless a powerful plea from parents mourning the death of an American soldier.

Trump took it as a personal affront.

Throughout the weekend, the Republican nominee used Twitter and TV interviews to extend his criticism of the immigrant couple from Charlottesville. Trump accused the father of being a tool of Hillary Clinton’s campaign, and Trump said of the mother: “She probably — maybe she wasn’t allowed to have anything to say. . . . It looked like she had nothing to say.”

[Father of slain U.S. soldier: GOP must ‘repudiate’ Trump]

The Khans almost instantly joined the ranks of ordinary citizens who have become important emblems of what some voters really think of presidential candidates — people such as Joe the Plumber, the nickname of an Ohio man whose informal exchange with then-Sen. Barack Obama led Sen. John McCain’s 2008 campaign to argue that Obama favored a socialist-style redistribution of wealth.

Both conventions last month featured a parade of such everyday Americans — including, at the Democratic convention, the mothers of black men killed in police shootings; and at the Republican gathering, Patricia Smith, who blamed the death of her son, a State Department employee who was killed in Benghazi, Libya, on then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.

The Khans quickly stepped into their new roles as Trump antagonists. Ghazala Khan explained, the day after the convention, that she demurred from public speaking because she gets too emotional when she sees pictures of her late son, Capt. Humayun Khan. In an opinion column published in The Washington Post on Sunday, the mother said that although she didn’t speak from the podium, “without saying a thing, all the world, all America, felt my pain. I am a Gold Star mother. Whoever saw me felt me in their heart.”

[Ghazala Khan: Trump criticized my silence. He knows nothing about true sacrifice.]

Throughout his life, Trump has taken pride in never backing down, always hitting back harder than he’s been hit and generally seeking publicity on the theory that all press is good press. But throughout this year’s rules-smashing campaign, Trump has reserved his most outrageous rhetorical blasts for prominent people.

When Trump rejected the heroism of McCain (R-Ariz.), who as a young Navy officer spent more than five harrowing years as a prisoner of the North Vietnamese, or when Trump characterized Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly’s aggressive questioning in a debate as “blood coming out of her wherever,” he took on people who were accustomed to the rough and tumble of the public fray.

This time, Trump targeted the parents of an Army captain who was killed by a suicide bomber in Iraq. Neither the father, a consultant on immigration law, nor his wife had been on the national political stage before. But the Khans didn’t shy from the battle. They spent Sunday elaborating on their view of Trump as, in Khizr Khan’s words on morning talk shows on NBC and CNN, “a black soul” who is leading a campaign “of hatred, of derision, of dividing us.”

Trump, for his part, said Saturday that Khan had “no right to stand in front of millions of people and claim I have never read the Constitution.” At the convention, Khan had reached into his jacket pocket to pull out his copy of it, which he says he usually keeps with him, and addressed Trump: “I will gladly lend you my copy. In this document, look for the words ‘liberty’ and ‘equal protection of law.’ ”

Khan said the Constitution he waved before the cameras Thursday night came out of the boxes of 99-cent pocket versions that he orders from the American Bar Association to hand out to fourth-year cadets graduating from the University of Virginia’s ROTC program.

Every year since their son’s death, the Khans have invited the cadets to their house for hot dogs and burgers, to honor their son, a graduate of the program, and to give the students their first exposure to a Muslim home, to see “how similar it is to their own,” Khan said. “They’d feel like this is our aunt or uncle’s home. And I have cards from them, understanding the gesture of giving them the Constitution, because they were getting ready to take an oath to that Constitution.”

Khan, who formerly worked as a technology manager at the Washington law firm then called Hogan & Hartson, called on Trump’s most prominent Republican supporters, such as House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (Wis.) and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (Ky.), to repudiate their presidential nominee. They did not.

Many other Republicans and Democrats alike did say Sunday that they were appalled by Trump’s harsh rhetoric about the parents of a fallen soldier, and Trump himself shifted gears slightly, tweeting that Capt. Khan, who was awarded the Bronze Star and Purple Heart after he was killed in 2004, “was a hero,” but adding that “I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond?”

For Trump, returning fire on the Khans was by instinct and practice the right thing to do. Beginning in the 1970s, Trump adopted the media strategy of his mentor, the tough New York lawyer Roy Cohn: when attacked, counterattack with overwhelming force. Trump studied and perfected the art of winning headlines in New York City’s tabloid newspapers, trumpeting the twists of his love life and delivering devilish blasts against his business competitors and political opponents to become a mainstay on the gossip pages and the front pages.

“The point is that if you are a little different, or a little outrageous, or if you do things that are bold or controversial, the press is going to write about you,” Trump wrote in his 1987 book, “Trump: The Art of the Deal.”

In the campaign he has mounted since last summer, Trump has deployed his media strategy to enormous success, dispatching 16 opponents in the Republican primaries and winning an unprecedented flood of media attention.

Will any of this make a difference in the November election? It’s too soon to have any reliable polling data on the impact of the Trump-Khan confrontation, but throughout the primary campaign, reaction to Trump’s verbal volleys against people such as McCain, Kelly or then-candidate Carly Fiorina has been shaped largely by partisan loyalties.

Popular attitudes toward Trump’s harsh rhetoric about racial and religious minorities have consistently reflected pre-existing political affiliations. In a Washington Post-ABC News poll in July, 56 percent of Americans said Trump is biased against women and minorities, and 39 percent said he is not. Broken down by party preference, 86 percent of Democrats, 56 percent of independents and 26 percent of Republicans said Trump is biased.

If this incident does alter the electoral calculus, prompting a popular response more akin to the widespread condemnation last fall of Trump’s mocking imitation of New York Times reporter Serge Kovaleski’s disability, that might become evident among voters with close ties to the military. GOP candidate Mitt Romney won military or veteran voters — who tend to vote Republican in presidential elections — by a 20-point margin over Obama in 2012, according to an American National Election Studies survey. Any significant decline in that number would make it difficult for Trump to find a path to victory.

But Trump — who famously said in January that “I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn’t lose voters” — remains confident that what would be fatal breaches of political etiquette in most elections will only cement his reputation as a fearless truth-teller.

The more outrageous the comments, the more some voters will conclude that Trump is the candidate who would break some china and get things done, said Mark Burnett, who produced “The Apprentice,” Trump’s popular TV reality show. “People want to hear the unvarnished, that same style that he showed on ‘The Apprentice,’ ” Burnett said in an interview earlier this year, “the ability to speak his mind clearly and not tone down his voice in a politically correct, TV way.”

Stephanie McCrummen and polling director Scott Clement contributed to this report.",1
566,Chris Christie says debt-free college is 'wrong',"As Democratic presidential candidates begin to include a debt-free college system as part of their respective campaigns, New Jersey Gov. and Republican contender Chris Christie thinks the push is a “typical liberal approach.”

Christie stopped at Iowa State University Thursday to deliver his fourth most recent policy address. Among his talking points were dealing with teachers’ unions and how to handle the increasing costs of college.

“That is a typical liberal approach. It is wrong,” he said. “If college graduates are going to reap the greater economic rewards and opportunities of earning a degree, then it seems fair for them to support the cost of the education they’re receiving.”

Christie spoke about his father joining the army in order to pay for college, because his father, at the time, couldn’t afford to pay for his own education. He went to Rutgers University after his service through the G.I. Bill.

“We all need to take personal responsibility to grasp the opportunities in higher education, but also one where we can get a leg up when we need it,” Christie said.

Rather than make higher education free for students, Christie instead proposed that Congress support low-income students by continuing to fund aid programs. He noted that while Supplemental Education Opportunity Grants and Perkins Loans have declined, the availability of Pell grants has expanded. But that may not be the case according to a March 2015 study by The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, which found Pell grant funding is actually being cut.

Christie also said there should be tax breaks for donors to higher education grant organizations and income-share agreements. This would allow a student to repay the private financing he or she received for college with a percentage of his or her future income.

What do you think? Is a debt-free college realistic? How can students combat increasing costs of higher education?",1
339,"New York prison escape: Worker questioned, source says","(CNN) An employee at the prison where two convicted killers escaped over the weekend is being questioned as a possible accomplice, a law enforcement source briefed on the investigation told CNN.

Investigators on Monday questioned the employee, a woman who worked with escaped convicts Richard Matt and David Sweat, tailoring clothing at the Clinton Correctional Facility in New York.

The woman knows the two escapees ""very well,"" the source said, though she has not been charged or arrested.

The development comes after New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said inmates Matt and Sweat must have had help in carrying out the intricate plot. The pair, who were in side-by-side cells, used power tools to cut through the cells' steel walls and clambered through a maze of underground pipes, according to authorities.

""They wouldn't have had the equipment on their own, that's for sure,"" Cuomo told CNN of the convicted killers, who escaped sometime after they were last seen at bed check Friday night.

The two prisoners were in the ""honor block"" of the prison, meaning they were given certain liberties for good behavior, the law enforcement source said.

For the most part they have a clean disciplinary record, according to records provided by a spokeswoman for the Department of Corrections.

Despite a $100,000 reward and a manhunt involving some 250 law enforcement officials, Matt and Sweat -- both serving lengthy sentences -- were still on the loose Monday.

""They could be literally anywhere,"" said Maj. Charles E. Guess of the New York State Police, which is leading the search.

Cuomo said residents of Dannemora, where the prison is located, should feel safe because of the presence of hundreds of law enforcement officers there.

Still, students returned to schools Monday amid heightened security after police thoroughly searched every building and bus, Saranac Central School District Superintendent Jonathan Parks said in an email to parents. Police officers were scheduled to be at every school throughout the day, he said.

That's in part because of its remote location -- in the sparsely populated northeast corner of New York, about 25 miles from the Canadian border.

And also because it's in a region where wintry weather can persist more than half the year.

The facility has 2,689 inmates, and two of its most notorious inhabitants were Matt, 49, and Sweat, 35.

They apparently were last seen at 10:30 p.m. Friday during a standing count -- head counts that are performed every two hours throughout the night when guards visually check to see whether inmates are in their bunks.

The pair tricked the guards by arranging things in the bunks to look ""like people were sleeping ... with these sweatshirt hoodies on,"" Cuomo said.

Once they were out of their cells, they then followed a catwalk down an elaborate maze of pipes until they emerged from a manhole outside the prison walls.

They evaded detection for some seven hours, until the inmate count at 5:30 a.m. Saturday.

Along with the taunting sticky note, the pair also left a host of unanswered, and uncomfortable, questions for law enforcement.

How did they get the power tools? How could they have known the layout of the bowels of the old prison? Did they have help from the inside?

Cuomo, who toured the escape route and announced the $100,000 reward Sunday, said it was possible the tools came from contractors working on the 170-year-old prison. Authorities are also looking at civilian prison employees, he said. But he seemed to rule out the involvement of the prison's certified employees.

""I'd be shocked if a guard was involved, and that's putting it mildly,"" he said.

The danger the two men pose can't be overstated, officials said.

Sweat was serving a life sentence without parole in the killing of Kevin Tarsia, a sheriff's deputy, in 2002.

Matt was convicted on three counts of murder, three counts of kidnapping and two counts of robbery after he kidnapped a man and beat him to death in December 1997, state police said. He was sentenced to 25 years to life in prison.

""He has a history,"" said Gabriel DiBernardo, who led the investigation into the murder for which Matt was convicted. ""He broke out of jail before. He is a cunning individual, no question about it, and a vicious individual.""

Sweat is white, 5 feet, 11 inches tall and weighs 165 pounds. He has brown hair, green eyes and tattoos on his left bicep and his right fingers.

Matt is white, 6 feet tall and weighs 210 pounds. He has black hair, hazel eyes and several tattoos: ""Mexico Forever"" on his back, a heart on his chest and left shoulder, and a Marine Corps insignia on his right shoulder.

""These are dangerous people,"" Cuomo said. ""And they're nothing to be trifled with.""

Matt is also well-known to Mexican authorities. In 2007, he was extradited from Mexico back to New York on a decade-old murder charge, documents show.

With the facility's proximity to Canada, and with Matt's ties to Mexico, authorities on both international borders have been alerted.

Officers used roadblocks and bloodhounds and went door to door in their search for the men. They scoured the woods and sifted through the dozens and dozens of tips that came in.

But so far, no luck.

They don't know if the pair is still together, had help on the outside, or if the men had access to a vehicle.

Jonathan Gilliam, a former Navy SEAL, FBI agent, air marshal and police officer, told CNN's ""New Day"" on Monday that the inmates might have been able to pull off part of the escape by themselves. But he said the presence of power tools and the complicated escape route suggest that they weren't working alone.

""The combination of all those things is very worrisome for me because that spells help,"" he said.

On Sunday, the U.S. Marshals Service issued federal arrest warrants for the escapees. The warrants clear the way for the federal government to involve its considerable resources in the manhunt.

""Every resource available to us will be used in bringing these two men to justice,"" said William O'Toole, a U.S. Marshals Service spokesman.

""We're leaving no stone unturned,"" Guess of the New York State Police said Sunday.",1
3321,"VA Secretary Robert McDonald admits lying about Special Forces service, apologizes","Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald on Tuesday apologized for lying about serving in the special operations forces in a conversation with a homeless veteran that was caught on camera earlier this year.

McDonald made the claim in January while he was in Los Angeles as part of the VA's effort to locate and house homeless veterans. During the tour, a homeless man told McDonald that he had served in the special operations forces.

""Special forces? What years?"" McDonald responded. ""I was in special forces."" The exchange was broadcast on ""The CBS Evening News"" Jan. 30. McDonald's misstatement was first reported by The Huffington Post.

McDonald graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point in 1975 and completed Army Ranger training before being assigned to the 82nd Airborne Division until his retirement in 1980. According to the Huffington Post, while McDonald was formally recognized as a graduate of Ranger School, he never actually served in a Ranger battalion or other special operations unit.

""I have no excuse,"" the website quoted McDonald as saying in its report. ""I was not in special forces.""

In a statement released Monday by the VA, McDonald said: ""While I was in Los Angeles, engaging a homeless individual to determine his veteran status, I asked the man where he had served in the military. He responded that he had served in special forces. I incorrectly stated that I had been in special forces. That was inaccurate and I apologize to anyone that was offended by my misstatement.""

At a news conference outside VA offices on Tuesday, McDonald also told reporters he made the misstatement in a conversation with a homeless veteran he was trying ""to connect with.""

McDonald added: ""I apologize for that. I have no excuse for it.""

The VA secretary has drawn expressions of disappointment, but no demands for his resignation. ""A lie is a lie,"" said Michael Helm, national commander of the American Legion, the largest veterans service organization. ""I can't believe people do this.""

McDonald told the Huffington Post that he had ""reacted spontaneously and ... wrongly"" in response to the homeless man's claim.

""As I thought about it later, I knew that this was wrong,"" McDonald said of his false statement.

Republican lawmakers on Tuesday were critical of McDonald over the false claim, but indicated they want to keep the focus on reforming the department itself.

House Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller, R-Fla., said he was ""disappointed"" in his comments.

""After a rough couple of weeks that also included inflated claims of accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs, I hope Sec. McDonald will redouble his efforts to ensure his statements -- and those of all VA officials -- are completely accurate. This is the only way the department can regain the trust of the veterans and taxpayers it is charged with serving,"" he said in a statement.

Rep. Mike Coffman, R-Colo., called the misstatement an error but said ""it doesn't dim the fact that he served honorably.""

He said: ""We should all take him at his word and Washington shouldn't spend the next two weeks arguing about it. The Secretary has a job to do -- clean up the scandal-plagued VA. This latest controversy shouldn't shift one iota of focus away from that long overdue task.""

The White House released a statement Monday evening saying that it had accepted McDonald's explanation.

""Secretary McDonald has apologized for the misstatement and noted that he never intended to misrepresent his military service,"" the statement said. ""We take him at his word and expect that this will not impact the important work he’s doing to promote the health and well-being of our nation’s veterans.""

After leaving the Army, McDonald went on to a successful corporate career, eventually becoming Chairman, President, and CEO of Proctor & Gamble. He became VA secretary this past July, as the agency was dealing with the fallout from the scandal of long patient wait times at VA hospitals.

Click for more from The Huffington Post.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4339,Jeb Bush and Iraq: What price family loyalty? (+video),"Jeb Bush's top challenge as a likely presidential candidate is to distance himself from his brother's policies. But he's not doing that, and in fact goes out of his way to defend him.

As yet another general joins Trump's team, what does the pick reveal?

[Update: This story was edited at 4 p.m. after Mr. Bush's Thursday afternoon remarks on Iraq.]

This week, Jeb Bush’s foremost problem as a likely presidential candidate went on full display: Can the former Florida governor get over his last name and his emotional personal tie to his brother, the ex-president?

On Thursday, after three days of botched replies to a simple question, Mr. Bush finally said what most everyone expected him to say in the first place.

“Knowing what we now know, what would you have done? I would have not engaged. I would not have gone into Iraq,” Bush said at a campaign stop in Tempe, Ariz., according to The Washington Post.

Bush said he had had trouble with the question, because he didn’t want to appear ungrateful for the sacrifices made by Americans during the war. But the episode leaves lingering questions about Bush’s willingness to distance himself from his brother, former President George W. Bush, in the younger Bush’s expected bid for president in 2016.

Republicans were baffled Monday when Mr. Bush told Megyn Kelly on Fox News that he would have authorized the 2003 Iraq invasion, even given what we know now about the faulty intelligence. Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio, Rand Paul, Chris Christie, and John Kasich – all Republicans running for president or considering it – say they wouldn’t have invaded. Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton says her “yes” vote as a senator was a mistake.

The next day, on Sean Hannity’s radio show, Bush walked back his comment. “I interpreted the question wrong, I guess,” he said. But when asked again, he demurred: “I don’t know what that decision would have been. That’s a hypothetical.”

“That’s a hypothetical” is the all-purpose dodge any politician can deploy when he or she doesn’t want to answer a question. And it made Bush look unprepared.

“Jeb should have been prepared to answer that question the second his brother stepped on Marine One to leave the White House in 2009,” says Ford O’Connell, author of “Hail Mary: The 10-Step Playbook for Republican Recovery.” “You get four or five mulligans on the presidential campaign trail, and he just used one of them up.”

The Iraq War remains deeply unpopular with the American public; in June 2014, 75 percent of the US public said the Iraq War was not worth the costs, according to a CBS News/New York Times poll.

The good news for Bush is that most Americans aren’t yet paying close attention to the 2016 race. It’s been 13 years since he last ran for office – reelection as governor of Florida – and he’s still getting his political sea legs back. Though he’s not expected to announce for president until mid-June, he’s effectively already running. On Wednesday, he said outright that he was running, then quickly reversed himself.

At the heart of his campaign lies a paradox: the great blessing and the great burden of the Bush name.

His father’s presidency (1989-1993) is remembered fondly by the general public, though anti-tax conservatives still remember his breaking of the “no new taxes” pledge. Bush’s brother’s presidency  (2001-2009) gets lower marks. Still, Jeb Bush benefits tremendously from the political network his family opens up for him. He could easily out-raise the rest of the GOP field in the early going. He has also assembled an A-list team of advisers.

But his brother’s legacy poses a particular burden, not just Iraq but also the economic crisis at the end of his tenure. And Jeb appears unwilling to throw brother George under the bus. He even referred to his brother recently, at a private event, as an adviser on the Middle East, a comment he didn’t disown in his interview with Ms. Kelly.

The real story, in fact, out of Bush’s interviews with Kelly and Mr. Hannity may be that he seemed to go out of his way to defend his brother on Iraq.

“News flash for the world,” Bush told Kelly. “If they’re trying to find places where there’s space between me and my brother, this may not be one of those.”

To Hannity, Bush said this: “The simple fact is, mistakes were made, as they always are in life.”

George W. Bush seems acutely aware of the liability he poses to his brother. Last month, at an event in Chicago, he practically gave Jeb permission to disown his record.

“He doesn't need to defend me,” the second President Bush said, according to Politico.

He also acknowledged his mother’s famous comment from 2013 – “Haven’t we had enough Bushes?” – and said: “That’s why you won’t see me out there” on the campaign trail.

If nothing else, it’s already clear that Jeb Bush won’t sail to the Republican nomination as his father and brother did back in the day. The theory that he could clear the GOP field by vacuuming up establishment money has already proved false. He leads (barely) in national polls of Republican candidates, but hasn’t broken out of the pack. In any case, it’s too soon to put much stock in polls.

On Tuesday, Bush advisers acknowledged that he is skipping the Iowa Straw Poll on Aug. 8, a beauty contest that contains no upside for him, as it favors candidates who appeal to the social conservative base of the Iowa GOP. That’s a smart move, analysts say.

Bush’s real challenge is to present himself as a Republican of the future, not a man burdened by his family’s past. With fresh faces like his former protégé, Sen. Marco Rubio (R) of Florida, and Gov. Scott Walker (R) of Wisconsin gaining positive notice in the early going, the battle is joined. But so far, Bush is still stumbling over the past.

Some analysts suggest that Bush may be playing a completely different game – that he is just going to say what he thinks, stay true to his family, and let the chips fall where they may. Perhaps this is his way of running “joyfully,” as he described his possible campaign in early 2014. “Let Jeb be Jeb” is how Bush adviser Mike Murphy described the philosophy to The New York Times last December.

Perhaps this brand of political authenticity will catch hold among Republican voters – and along with it, some of the Bush views that don’t fit standard Republican orthodoxy at the moment. Among those are support for “legalization” of undocumented immigrants and the Common Core education reforms, as well as an unwillingness to sign anti-tax pledges.

If Bush somehow manages to bend the GOP in his direction, he could represent the party’s future. But that’s a big “if.”",1
3832,House Committee Report Finds Secret Service Is 'An Agency In Crisis',"House Committee Report Finds Secret Service Is 'An Agency In Crisis'

The Secret Service is an agency ""in crisis"" and one that has had its weaknesses ""exposed by a series of security failures at the White House, during presidential visits, and at the residences of other officials,"" according to a scathing report by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee released Thursday.

The report was a bipartisan effort led by the committee's highest-ranking members, Chairman Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, and Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md. It also suggested the agency reconsider its mission.

The committee has been looking at the agency's shortcomings since a string of embarrassing security breakdowns involving the White House and the president became public in recent years.

According to the report, there have been 143 security breaches or attempted breaches at secured facilities in the past decade. And of those, only 13 have resulted in jail time for the perpetrators, the committee found.

Investigators also found ""morale is at an all-time low"" within the Secret Service because of overworked personnel, shrinking budgets, a loss of confidence in top leadership and other factors.

The investigation focused on a handful of security breaches dating back to November 2011. That's when several shots were fired from a semiautomatic rifle at the White House, but it wasn't discovered for four days, until a housekeeper stumbled upon broken glass and cement debris on the floor. Another lapse was the much-publicized prostitution scandal involving Secret Service personnel in Cartagena, Colombia, in 2012.

The report also chronicles a monthlong period in 2014 in which there were six security breakdowns, beginning with a Sept. 16 incident. It involved an armed security guard with a history of violence whom the Obama's security detail allowed to ride an elevator with the president in Atlanta.

Eleven days later, a man ""posing as a Member of Congress at a Congressional Black Caucus awards dinner"" managed to sneak backstage unnoticed by agents at an awards gala and speak to the president, according to the report. The report adds that in yet another breach in October of last year, a woman was able to gain unauthorized access to a backstage entrance, this time at a Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute event.

Julia Pierson, the director of the Secret Service at the time, resigned in October 2014 amid the string of breaches.

The security lapses are not limited to the White House or to the president's security detail. The report cites an April 2013 breach when four adults slipped into the backyard of the vice president's residence to go fishing. The intrusion was discovered only after a neighbor saw the group and alerted the agency.

The Oversight Committee recommended changes to the agency, including immediately hiring more personnel, and suggested the next president consider a previous proposal of searching outside the Secret Service for the agency's next director.

Additionally, the committee suggested the Obama administration conduct an interagency review of the scope of the Secret Service's duties, to determine what ""missions can be shed.""",1
572,History class becomes a debate on America,The president-elect hasn't made clear how he will avoid conflicts between his vast empire and his official duties.,1
1125,Poll: Trump leads GOP race nationally but with weaker hold on the party,"Donald Trump continues to lead his rivals nationally in the contest for the Republican presidential nomination. But his hold on the GOP electorate has weakened since the primary season began, and the party is now deeply divided over his candidacy, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll.

Trump maintains the support of 34 percent of registered Republicans and Republican-leaning independents, compared with 25 percent for Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas, 18 percent for Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida and 13 percent for Ohio Gov. John Kasich.

Trump’s margin over Cruz has narrowed from 16 points in January to nine today. As a succession of Republican candidates quit the race, Cruz’s position has ticked up four points since January, Rubio’s has risen by seven and Kasich’s has grown by 11. Trump’s has dipped by three points, within the poll’s margin of sampling error.

In the Democratic race, former secretary of state Hillary Clinton still leads Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont, but her national margin is the smallest in a Post-ABC poll since the beginning of the campaign. The new poll shows Clinton as the favorite of 49 percent of registered Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents compared with Sanders, whose support is at 42 percent. That seven-point lead for Clinton compares with her 19-point advantage in January.

That Trump is a polarizing figure within the Republican Party is no surprise, and it’s typified by the opposition among establishment and other Republicans that has intensified over the past few weeks. Only a bare majority (51 percent) of Republicans or Republican-leaning independents say they would be satisfied with the New York billionaire as their nominee, a noticeably smaller percentage than for Cruz (65 percent) or Rubio (62 percent), with Kasich in between at 56 percent.

Favorable ratings also indicate an increasingly tenuous standing within the party. In early January, Republicans clearly gave Trump more favorable than unfavorable reviews, 60 percent to 39 percent. That has narrowed to a 53-46 margin, with negative marks at their highest level in Post-ABC polling since Trump entered the race. His positive ratings also trail Cruz’s 64 percent and Rubio’s 63 percent.

The Post-ABC poll finds that more than half of Republicans and GOP-leaning independents think Trump is dishonest, does not understand their problems, lacks the right experience, and does not have the right personality and temperament to be an effective president. By contrast, more than 6 in 10 Republicans say Cruz is honest, empathetic, and has the right temperament and experience; similar shares say Rubio has the first three qualities, while half say he has the right experience.

In a hypothetical head-to-head test of strength between Trump and Cruz, Republicans say they prefer the senator by 54 percent to 41 percent. Rubio is a narrower favorite in a one-on-one test against Trump, with an edge of 51 percent to 45 percent. The survey did not test a Trump-Kasich face-off.

The poll was conducted over a weekend in which Cruz won contests in Kansas and Maine, Trump won in Louisiana and Kentucky, and Rubio won in Puerto Rico. On Tuesday, Republicans are voting in Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho and Hawaii.

Next Tuesday — the first day states can award delegates on a winner-take-all basis — there will be contests in Florida, Ohio, Illinois, Missouri and North Carolina. By the end of that day, more than half of the 2,472 convention delegates will have been awarded.

It is likely that, after those March 15 contests, Republicans will have the clearest sense yet of Trump’s overall strength and of the viability of his challengers. Cruz’s string of recent victories, including in his home state of Texas a week ago, have elevated him as the leading rival to Trump. If Rubio and Kasich don’t win their home states, they will face pressure to quit the race.

Many now predict that the Republican contest will not be resolved before the national convention in July. But even many Republicans who say they would not be satisfied with Trump as the nominee appear uneasy about the efforts of party leaders to prevent him from winning. About half of all Republicans who are dissatisfied or only “somewhat satisfied” with Trump nonetheless oppose efforts by party leaders to prevent him from becoming the nominee.

There is considerable talk now about a possible floor fight at the convention, should Trump arrive with the most delegates but lacking the 1,237 needed for a first-ballot victory. About 42 percent of Republican voters support other candidates and say that in such a situation, the party should pick another nominee. But 53 percent either support Trump or say that leading the delegate count, even if short of an outright majority, should guarantee victory.

Among all Americans, Trump has a more negative image by far compared to Cruz, Rubio or Clinton. Two in 3 adults say they have an unfavorable impression of Trump, who has drawn controversy in recent months for attacks on illegal immigrants from Mexico, Sen. John McCain of Arizona, Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly, a disabled reporter and Muslims, among other targets.

None of the three other candidates tested — Clinton, Cruz and Rubio — had a net positive image, but all were viewed more favorably than Trump. Among all adults, 52 percent say they see Clinton unfavorably, 51 percent see Cruz negatively and 45 percent have a negative impression of Rubio. Clinton and Rubio have the least-negative image overall.

The new Post-ABC survey shows a huge gender gap in support for Trump’s candidacy. He leads among Republican men with 44 percent, a roughly 2-1 margin over second-place Cruz. Among Republican women, though, he is the favorite of just 24 percent. In January, his support among GOP women stood at 37 percent, compared to 15 percent for Cruz. Trump also has lost ground against Cruz among very conservative Republicans and among those with incomes less than $50,000.

Matched against his remaining rivals, Trump continues to perform slightly better among Republicans without college degrees than among those who are university graduates, although he has an edge with both groups. He has a wider lead among voters younger than 50 than with older voters. Among white evangelical Christians, Trump narrowly trails Cruz, but among non-evangelicals and white Catholics, his lead is almost 2 to 1.

Matched directly against Cruz, though, Trump loses voters with or without college degrees, voters who see themselves as working class and middle class, and those with higher or lower incomes. Trump also loses conservatives against Cruz, especially those who say they are “very conservative,” while the two tie among moderate and liberal Republicans.

Overall, Americans remain deeply pessimistic about the federal government. Two in 3 offer negative reactions, including about a fifth who describe themselves as angry. Trump has tapped into that mood — the more dissatisfied that people are with the federal government, the more likely they are to support his candidacy.

A similarly strong majority sees the political system today as dysfunctional, even slightly more so than in the fall. Trump does best among those who feel most strongly about the way the system works.

More Americans by far say they favor someone with experience in the system as the next president, rather than someone from outside the political establishment. Republicans, though, tilt more toward an outsider. Among those who want someone from the outside, Trump has the support of nearly half. Among those looking for someone with experience, Trump runs fourth behind Cruz, Rubio and Kasich.

A similar pattern holds for two of Trump’s most controversial ideas — deporting all of the roughly 11 million illegal immigrants living in the United States and temporarily banning Muslims from entering the country as a security precaution. Overall, Americans oppose both proposals, though more Republicans favor than oppose them. Trump has big leads among those who support such policies, but those leads disappear among those who do not.

The Post-ABC poll was conducted March 3 to 6 among a random national sample of 1,000 adults reached on land-line and cellular phones. The margin of sampling error for overall results is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points.",1
4131,Jesse Matthew charged in Hannah Graham's murder; DA will not pursue death penalty,"Jesse Matthew Jr., a former hospital worker, was indicted Monday on a count of first-degree murder in the abduction and killing of Hannah Graham, a University of Virginia student, who was missing for weeks before her body was discovered, law enforcement officials said Tuesday.

Albemarle County prosecutor Denise Lunsford said that the state will not seek the death penalty, and that Graham's family has been informed about the state's decision.

Lunsford declined to say why Matthew was not charged with the higher count of capital murder. The abduction and first-degree murder charges are punishable by up to life in prison. Matthew, 33, was already charged with abduction with intent to defile the 18-year-old.

Police have said forensic evidence also links Matthew to the 2009 disappearance and death of 20-year-old Virginia Tech student Morgan Harrington, whose body also was found in the county. Lunsford said ""there are no pending charges"" against Matthew in the Harrington case.

""The simple fact is the case involving Hannah Graham was ready to be charged first,"" she said.

Graham vanished after a night out with friends Sept. 12. According to police, she left an off-campus party alone and texted a friend saying she was lost.

In surveillance video, she can be seen walking unsteadily and even running at times, past a pub and a service station and then onto a seven-block strip of bars, restaurants and shops. Another video captured her leaving a restaurant with Matthew, who had an arm around her.

Graham's disappearance prompted a month-long search involving thousands of volunteers as well as police. It ended when searchers found her remains Oct. 18 in rural Albemarle County, roughly six miles from the hayfield where Harrington's body was found in January 2010.

Harrington disappeared while attending a Metallica concert at U.Va in October 2009. Her T-shirt was later found on a nearby tree limb.

After police named Matthew a person of interest in Graham's disappearance, he fled and was later apprehended on a beach in Texas. He was charged with abduction with intent to defile, a felony that empowered police to swab his cheek for a DNA sample. That sample connected Matthew to a 2005 sexual assault in Fairfax County, according to authorities. He has pleaded not guilty in that case.

The DNA evidence in the Fairfax sexual assault, in turn, linked Matthew to the Harrington case.

Matthew previously had been accused of raping students at Liberty University and Christopher Newport University in 2002 an  2003. Matthew had played football at both schools. The cases were dropped after the women declined to press charges.

Matthew's first court appearance on the newest charges in the Harrington case is scheduled for Feb. 18, Lunsford said. He will appear by video link from Fairfax County, where he is in jail awaiting trial in the 2005 rape case.

The Associated Press contributed to this report",1
3840,"With Iran deal, Obama makes bad history","It came two days after the announcement of the nuclear agreement with Iran, yet little mention was made on July 16 of the 70th anniversary of the first nuclear explosion, near Alamogordo, N.M. The anniversary underscored that the agreement attempts to thwart proliferation of technology seven decades old.

Nuclear-weapons technology has become markedly more sophisticated since 1945. But not so sophisticated that nations with sufficient money and determination cannot master or acquire it. Iran’s determination is probably related to the United States’ demonstration, in Iraq and Libya, of the perils of not having nuclear weapons.

Critics who think more severe sanctions are achievable and would break Iran’s determination must answer this: When have sanctions caused a large nation to surrender what it considers a vital national security interest? Critics have, however, amply demonstrated two things:

First, the agreement comprehensively abandons President Obama’s original goal of dismantling the infrastructure of Iran’s nuclear weapons program. Second, as the administration became more yielding with Iran, it became more dishonest with its own citizens. For example, John Kerry says we never sought “anywhere, anytime” inspections. But on April 6, Ben Rhodes, Obama’s deputy national security adviser, said the agreement would include “anywhere, anytime” inspections. Kerry’s co-negotiator, Wendy Sherman, breezily dismissed “anywhere, anytime” as “something that became popular rhetoric.” It “became”? This is disgraceful.

Verification depends on U.S. intelligence capabilities, which failed in 2003 (Iraq’s supposed possession of WMDs), in 1968 (North Vietnam’s Tet offensive) and in 1941 (Pearl Harbor). As Reuel Marc Gerecht says in “How Will We Know? The coming Iran intelligence failure” [the Weekly Standard, July 27], “The CIA has a nearly flawless record of failing to predict foreign countries’ going nuclear (Great Britain and France don’t count).”

During the 1960 presidential campaign, John Kennedy cited “indications” that by 1964 there would be “10, 15 or 20” nuclear powers. As president, he said that by 1975 there might be 15 or 20. Nonproliferation efforts have succeeded but cannot completely succeed forever.

It is a law of arms control: Agreements are impossible until they are unimportant. The U.S.-Soviet strategic arms control “process” was an arena of maneuvering for military advantage, until the Soviet Union died of anemia. Might the agreement with Iran buy sufficient time for Iran to undergo regime modification? Although Kerry speaks of the agreement “guaranteeing” that Iran will not become a nuclear power, it will. But what will Iran be like 15 years hence?

Since 1972, U.S. policy toward China has been a worthy but disappointing two-part wager. One part is that involving China in world trade will temper its unruly international ambitions. The second is that economic growth, generated by the moral and institutional infrastructure of markets, will weaken the sinews of authoritarianism.

The Obama administration’s comparable wager is that the Iranian regime will be subverted by domestic restiveness. The median age in Iran is 29.5 (in the United States, 37.7; in the European Union, 42.2). More than 60 percent of Iran’s university students, and approximately 70 percent of medical students, are women. Ferment is real.

In 1951, Hannah Arendt, a refugee from Hitler’s Germany, argued bleakly (in “The Origins of Totalitarianism”) that tyrannies wielding modern instruments of social control (bureaucracies, mass communications) could achieve permanence by conscripting the citizenry’s consciousness, thereby suffocating social change. The 1956 Hungarian Revolution changed her mind: No government can control human nature or “all channels of communication.”

Today’s technologies make nations, including Iran, porous to outside influences; intellectual autarky is impossible. The best that can be said for the Iran agreement is that by somewhat protracting Iran’s path to a weapon it buys time for constructive churning in Iran. Although this is a thin reed on which to lean hopes, the reed is as real as Iran’s nuclear ambitions are apparently nonnegotiable.

The best reason for rejecting the agreement is to rebuke Obama’s long record of aggressive disdain for Congress — recess appointments when the Senate was not in recess, rewriting and circumventing statutes, etc. Obama’s intellectual pedigree runs to Woodrow Wilson, the first presidential disparager of the separation of powers. Like Wilson, Obama ignores the constitutional etiquette of respecting even rivalrous institutions.

The Iran agreement should be a treaty; it should not have been submitted first to the United Nations as a studied insult to Congress. Wilson said that rejecting the Versailles treaty would “break the heart of the world.” The Senate, no member of which had been invited to accompany Wilson to the Paris Peace Conference, proceeded to break his heart. Obama deserves a lesson in the cost of Wilsonian arrogance. Knowing little history, Obama makes bad history.

Read more from George F. Will’s archive or follow him on Facebook.",1
2255,Kentucky clerk still won't issue same-sex marriage licenses,"A defiant Kentucky county clerk, who has been ordered to face a federal judge on Thursday in a hearing about her refusal to issue marriage licenses to gay couples, says she won't resign.

“Some people have said I should resign, but I have done my job well,” Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis said in a statement posted to the website of the lawfirm that represents her, Liberty Counsel.

“I never imagined a day like this would come, where I would be asked to violate a central teaching of Scripture and of Jesus Himself regarding marriage,” Davis said in the statement. “To issue a marriage license which conflicts with God’s definition of marriage, with my name affixed to the certificate, would violate my conscience. It is not a light issue for me. It is a Heaven or Hell decision. For me it is a decision of obedience.”

Davis' office has steadfastly denied marriage licenses since the Supreme Court legalized gay marriage this summer, and that practice continued Tuesday morning when at least two same-sex couples were denied as Davis invoked ""God's authority."" Rowan County Attorney Cecil Watkins says the federal court alerted him later Tuesday morning that a hearing was scheduled for 11 a.m. Thursday in Ashland. Watkins says clerk Kim Davis is summonsed to attend, along with all the deputy clerks who work in her office.

After Davis initially stopped issuing marriage licenses, two gay couples and two straight couples sued her. A federal judge ordered her to issue the licenses, an appeals court upheld that decision and the Supreme Court on Monday declined to intervene in the case, seemingly leaving Davis with no legal ground to stand on.

But Davis has refused to issue the licenses, saying her deeply held Christian beliefs don't let her endorse gay marriages.

As an elected official, Davis can't be fired. Any impeachment of her would have to wait until the legislature's regular session next year or could come during a costly special session.

“I have received death threats from people who do not know me,” Davis said in the statement. “I harbor nothing against them. I was elected by the people to serve as the County Clerk. I intend to continue to serve the people of Rowan County, but I cannot violate my conscience.”

On Tuesday, Davis asked David Moore and David Ermold, a couple who has been rejected four times by her office, to leave. They refused, surrounded by reporters and cameras.

""We're not leaving until we have a license,"" Ermold said.

""Then you're going to have a long day,"" Davis told him.

From the back of the room, Davis' supporters said: ""Praise the Lord! ... Stand your ground.""

Other activists shouted that Davis is a bigot and told her: ""Do your job.""

On Tuesday morning, shortly after Davis' remarks, the sheriff's office cleared the county office of those gathered to support both sides of the issue.

The two groups lined up on either side of the courthouse entrance to chant at each other. Davis' supporters told her to ""stand firm,"" while gay-rights activists shouted ""do your job.""

The rejected couples' supporters called the American Civil Liberties Union, which filed the lawsuit on their behalf. They asked that their attorneys file to have Davis held in contempt.

Randy Smith, leading the group supporting Davis, said he knows following their instruction to ""stand firm"" might mean Davis goes to jail.

""But at the end of the day, we have to stand before God, which has higher authority than the Supreme Court,"" he said.

Ermold hugged Moore, his partner of 17 years, and they cried and swayed as they left the clerk's office. Davis' supporters marched by, chanting.

""I feel sad, I feel devastated,"" Ermold said. ""I feel like I've been humiliated on such a national level, I can't even comprehend it.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3689,Ore. Gunman Asked Victims If They Were Christians,"Witnesses are saying the gunman in Thursday's mass shooting in Oregon asked students if they were Christians before murdering them.

But they're also talking about student and Army vet Chris Mintz, who they say charged straight at the shooter.

Thirty-year-old Mintz is recovering from surgery after Chris Harper Mercer shot him seven times. Witnesses said Mintz told other students to run, then charged straight for the gunman.

""He actually ran back towards the building where the shooting was and he ran back into the building and I don't know what happened to him,"" witness Hannah Miles said.

Mercer wounded six others and killed nine people. The father of a wounded victim told CNN that Mercer reportedly ordered students to stand up and asked if they were Christians.

""And they would stand up and he said, 'Good, because you're a Christian, you're going to see God in just about one second. And then he shot and killed them,"" CNN's Stacy Boylan said.

Thursday night, family and friends of victims mourned the tragedy and their loss.

""This doesn't happen in Roseberg,"" a local resident said. ""This is small town America -  it's not supposed to happen here but it happens.""

**Are shootings like this one a sign of the end times? Click play to watch CBN Chaplain Joel Palser answer that question. He explains how the church can be a light during dark times.

.The community of Roseberg is grappling with the enormity of the tragedy which has raised all kinds of questions. Why would the gunman have wanted to know the faith of the people he was about to shoot? And what was his motive?

A profile of the suspect is beginning to emerge as authorities search for a motive.

On MySpace, Mercer posted a photo of himself with a rifle and other photos glorifying the Irish Republican Army. On another website he described himself as a conservative Republican who's not religious but spiritual.

Neighbors at his apartment complex say he was as shy, reserved and familiar with guns. Investigators don't believe he had a criminal history and said he may have been a student at the college.

""He was just silent. He didn't really speak much. If you approached him, he kind of seemed hesitant,"" one neighbor said.

""He had no friends. He was just kind of like off to himself,"" another one said.

On one Internet site, called Spiritual Passions, he described himself as ""not religious, but spiritual."" He didn't like ""organized religion"" and said, ""I'm looking for someone to share my beliefs.""

He used similar language online when he said he was looking for a woman who was ""pagan, wiccan, not religious, but spiritual.""

Within hours of the shooting, President Barack Obama called a press conference to demand new gun laws, saying that gun violence is ""something we should politicize.""

""Somehow this has become routine,"" Obama said in a White House briefing Thursday. ""The reporting is routine, my response here at this podium ends up being routine, the conversation in the aftermath of it -- we've become numb to this.""

The FBI and other law enforcement officials are now combing through Mercer's emails and online activity trying to figure out a motive.",1
3063,Why we miss the unpolarizing Pat Moynihan,"The problem with most discussions of political polarization is that they reach quickly for technical causes and solutions. Our politics are polarized, we are told, because of gerrymandered districts, the rise of opinionated media sources and party primaries closed off to independents or voters in the other party.

There’s nothing wrong with thinking about such things, but all the mechanical fixes in the world will not overcome a brute fact about the United States in 2015: We really do have profound disagreements with each other that are intellectual, moral, partisan and ideological.

Because the facts are clear on this, it’s always important to note that our polarization is asymmetric: Republicans are much more conservative as a group (close to two-thirds of them) than Democrats are liberal (about one-third). Still, if our divisions are intellectually rooted, who has ideas that might bring us together?

One name comes to mind when you try to think of someone who managed to live on both sides of the ideological divide and still keep his own thinking coherent. The late Daniel Patrick Moynihan worked for both John Kennedy and Richard Nixon. He opposed the Vietnam War but was not wild about anti-war protesters. He was often called a neoconservative but thought of himself as a liberal. He was a Democratic senator from New York for 24 years and managed to get votes from just about everybody. In his last reelection race in 1994 — a bad year for Democrats — he won by 14 points.

How did he do this? The question is interesting enough that two volumes were published recently to try to explain the matter. In his gem of a book, “The Professor and the President,” Stephen Hess, who worked for Moynihan (and is my Brookings Institution colleague), tells the story of the unlikely Nixon-Moynihan political courtship. And Moynihan was an interesting enough thinker that Greg Weiner, a political philosopher himself, treats him as one in “American Burke: The Uncommon Liberalism of Daniel Patrick Moynihan.”

Weiner’s notion is that Moynihan was undoubtedly a liberal “through and through” because he “believed in government as an agent of social improvement” and thought it capable of doing large and important things. But he shared with Edmund Burke, often seen as the founder of modern conservatism, a skepticism about grand schemes for “wholesale social transformation” and a belief in limits. “Both were conserving reformers who valued traditional systems of authority, most primarily the family,” Weiner writes, and both “interpreted politics in terms of the observable and the concrete rather than the metaphysical and the abstract.”

Weiner argues, and I am inclined to agree, that one reason we miss Moynihan, who died in 2003, is because we have a need for more Burkean liberals and more Burkean conservatives. They would share a concern for evidence, an understanding of the limits of human reason, a skepticism about our ability to transform “complex social systems” and a belief that we can always make things better but will never make them perfect. From these shared assumptions, they could then argue about such matters as how much social generosity to expect from government.

Moynihan’s Burkean nature no doubt made it easier for the lifelong Democrat to work for a Republican president. Hess shows how he was also a brilliant inside player who knew how to get around bureaucratic and human obstacles — and how he appealed to Nixon. Moynihan made him laugh, which wasn’t a common thing in that White House, and also acted as a tutor, which flattered the sometimes-insecure Nixon by taking his intellectual curiosity seriously.

Hess details the still astonishing story of how Moynihan got Nixon to propose a truly radical innovation, a guaranteed annual income for all Americans. The Family Assistance Plan was killed in Congress because it was too liberal for Republicans and not generous enough for Democrats. But it was, in its way, a classic Burkean program. Instead of creating intricate and expensive new services for the poor, Moynihan proposed to give them what they definitely needed more of, which was money.

As a skeptic about technical solutions to polarization, I certainly won’t propose that all Americans study their Burke and their Moynihan. But as an antidote to the tendency these days toward the-sky-is-falling rhetoric, we could usefully remember this very Burkean warning from Moynihan: “When situations of considerable but not impossible difficulty are described in apocalyptic terms, responses tend to be erratic, even convulsive.” As Moynihan would never say: Chill.

Read more from E.J. Dionne’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
1547,Why are these candidates losing the GOP race so far?,"Julian Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University and a New America fellow. He is the author of "" Jimmy Carter "" and "" The Fierce Urgency of Now: Lyndon Johnson, Congress, and the Battle for the Great Society ."" The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.

(CNN) While Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are going into the 2016 Republican caucuses and primaries thoroughly enjoying their strong standing in the national polls and unrivaled media attention, with Marco Rubio hoping he can emerge as the new consensus candidate, others are in a fight to survive the full round of the coming year's primaries.

A poor performance in February's voting -- the Iowa and Nevada caucuses and the New Hampshire and South Carolina primaries -- could force out some of the weaker candidates.

Often the story about the losers in campaigns tells us a lot about the dynamics of a contest and the reasons that other candidates are succeeding at a particular moment.

So it is worth asking -- what has happened to these candidates? Why are they in political trouble? What is going wrong?

What happened to the predicted front-runner?

Jeb Bush: The onetime front-runner is anything but that. The former Florida governor has suffered one of the most dramatic falls from grace that we have seen in some time. When the campaign started, he was widely believed to be a candidate who would be almost impossible to defeat, someone with all the money and endorsements necessary to cruise to victory.

But the situation has turned out very differently. His biggest failing has turned out to be his inability to connect on the campaign trail and in media appearances. He has languished in front of crowds, having trouble articulating his reason for wanting to be in the race and performing with the kind of energy level (famously lampooned by Trump) that leaves many crowds eagerly waiting for the next candidate to take the stage.

In last week's debate, he scored points with some one-liners aimed at Trump -- ""You can't insult your way to the presidency"" -- and could gain from being a candidate willing to take on the bombastic front-runner. But will he see a lasting gain in the polls?

Bush seems to be someone who is running at the exact wrong time. He continues to struggle with the controversy over his brother's decision to go to war in Iraq. He boasts of experience at a moment GOP primary voters want to tear down the establishment. That anger has undercut many of the benefits that his experience in government could have brought Bush in another year.

A surprising fade -- and an expected one

Rand Paul: Many observers once thought that Rand Paul could be the most exciting candidate in the room. He was young, he espoused a kind of libertarian philosophy (though libertarians argued it was anything but pure) that was exciting to many younger Republicans, and he had eclectic views on issues like criminal justice that made it difficult to easily pin him as a Republican right-wing stalwart.

The campaign has not turned out so well. He has demonstrated a number of personal failings, such as a fierce temper as well as hostile interaction with female reporters that, early on, damaged him in interviews.

Perhaps more important is the fact that his skeptical stance about an aggressive foreign policy was out of step with so many Republicans. The truth is that much of the party has embraced the hawkish outlook that has prevailed among Republicans since 9/11. There is little room for Republicans outside of this fold. Even his attacks on surveillance, which had gained some hold, lost traction as the threat of ISIS has become clearer.

Paul's efforts to reach across party lines on issues like criminal justice have some appeal with younger voters, but not with the majority of primary voters who are older and not as sympathetic to these kinds of questions. At last week's debate, he scored some points by criticizing Chris Christie when he said: ""If you are in favor of World War III, you have your candidate."" The problem for Paul is that right now there are many Republicans who like militaristic rhetoric in today's troubling times.

Lindsey Graham: The struggles of the South Carolina senator, who became the latest to drop out of the race Monday, are much less surprising than those of Jeb Bush.

Graham remains a favorite conservative in the minds of many of his colleagues because of a number of attractive qualities -- his long record as a hawk in an era of great national security challenges and political fear, and his roots in the regional bedrock of modern conservatism: the South.

He has a good sense of humor that he knows how to deploy politically, even with delicate issues. Last week, in the early bird debate, he said: ""Donald Trump has done the one thing you cannot do: Declare war on Islam itself. ISIL would be dancing in the streets, but they don't like dancing.""

Beyond his quotable lines in the debates, Graham's candidacy barely attracted any attention. Graham's low-key, folksy style didn't play well in the modern media age of cutthroat, smash-mouth politics. Speaking softly and carrying a big stick don't really work so well in the era of Twitter and cable news.

Graham also prides himself on knowing how to work within the system and form ties to fellow members of Congress. But since comity is out and partisan warfare is in, these virtues don't really sit well with many of the GOP's primary voters. His hawkish credentials have also been echoed by most of the other candidates so there was not really much to distinguish him.

Mike Huckabee rose to fame in Arkansas at a moment when the religious right played a big role in partisan politics shaped by the culture wars. As the agenda has turned to questions like immigration, terrorism, and climate change, those concerns have not been front and center.

Ironically, even in this anti-Washington environment, the other governors and former governors who are running for office are not having an easy time. In past decades the role of governor has been an attractive position for running for president -- governors get to display executive leadership without becoming enmeshed in the politics of the Beltway. Yet this time they have had trouble claiming true outsider status, especially in contrast to Trump and Ben Carson. While some of them, like Bush, Christie and John Kasich are hanging in there, others are unlikely to survive much longer. George Pataki, a conservative from the blue state of New York, was one of those executives who liked to boast of how well he could govern in years where northeastern Republicans still had some role within the party. But those times are gone, and his low-key and at times dull public presence is not really made for the national stage.

Former Virginia Gov. Jim Gilmore, who comes from a critical state for the GOP, has barely made a blip on the political radar. His campaign has fizzled from the moment he started, lacking definition and lacking sizzle. Christie's record in New Jersey, from the problems of the economy to the bridge scandal, has continued to be a black mark on his campaign, though his focus on campaigning in New Hampshire has helped him in the first primary state.

Not registering in the polls, or a flash in the pan?

Rick Santorum: His time came in 2012 when he shocked Mitt Romney early on with his strong support among blue-collar conservatives. Santorum was one of the first Republicans to tap into the anti-establishment anger Republicans directed against Washington and Wall Street. But now his themes are being repeated by a number of candidates, including Trump. His thunder seems less distinct in 2016, while his staunchly conservative views on same-sex marriage remain a huge liability in the current environment.

Ben Carson: Carson is much more like the flash-in-the-pan candidate that most experts thought Trump would be. Though Carson had a few weeks where his low-key personality and eclectic views attracted some interest and a spike in the polls, his inexperience and tenuous command of foreign policy became a huge liability as the agenda shifted to foreign policy.

Carly Fiorina: Despite a few strong debate performances, her campaign has never really taken off. She has been dogged by questions about her business record, which has continued to provide fodder for her opponents. Her highly conservative views have undercut some of her promise to broaden the Republican electorate while she has not had much success defining what her candidacy is really about, other than theoretically being the best person to handle the ""gender"" problem the GOP candidate would face if running against Hillary Clinton.

The candidates are trying to stay in the race as long as possible, hoping that the early polling isn't really accurately predicting how the voters will choose. It is also important to remember that according to all the best social science research, the ""invisible primary"" of fund-raising and endorsements matters more than national polling at this stage, so some candidates believe all of the talk of inevitability for Trump or others at the top of the polls is misplaced.

But staying around will be hard, especially if voters don't flock to their sides and if their campaign coffers are depleted. Many of these candidates could join Lindsey Graham, Rick Perry, Scott Walker, and Bobby Jindal in leaving the stage. We will soon gain a better sense of what the real contest is in the major primaries, and of whether the party can unite around a candidate -- or will have to choose one at a messy convention.",1
4271,Sanders won't call for release of Clinton's bank speech transcripts,"Rindge, New Hampshire (CNN) The war over Wall Street between Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton escalated Sunday on CNN's ""State of the Union,"" where both candidates defended their records.

Clinton repeated her accusation that Sanders and his campaign are engaged in an ""artistic smear"" by using innuendo against her.

Sanders, for his part, declined to join calls -- including from his own spokeswoman -- for Clinton to release transcripts of her paid speeches to big banks, but he didn't reject those calls either.

CNN's Jake Tapper asked Clinton about the implication from the Sanders campaign that Clinton changed her vote on a bankruptcy bill fifteen years ago as a senator.

Earlier in the week, the Sanders campaign had forwarded to reporters comments and writings by Elizabeth Warren, the consumer advocate who is now a senator from Massachusetts. Warren has said that Clinton had agreed with opposing the bankruptcy provision as first lady, but ultimately voted for it years later as a senator.

Clinton told Tapper she voted for the bill she didn't like in 2001 as part of a deal to strike a provision about child support she said would hurt women and children. That's the way Congress works, Clinton said.

""That's the way it happens sometimes,"" she said. ""I didn't like the bill any more than I had liked it before. It still had very bad provisions. But I also pushed hard for a deal to protect women and children. So, okay. I held my nose, I voted for it. It never became law.""

Clinton bristled at the implication, however.

""This attack by insinuation, by innuendo, is really getting old,"" she said, arguing the Sanders campaign is ""grasping at straws"" to make the case she is beholden to Wall Street.

Clinton said she has a tougher plan to take on Wall Street than he does and she'd rather debate those issues.

Earlier this week, Sanders criticized his opponent over her ties to Wall Street at MSNBC's Democratic debate.

""What being part of the establishment is, is in the last quarter, having a super PAC that raised $15 million from Wall Street, that throughout one's life raised a whole lot of money from the drug companies and other special interests,"" Sanders said Thursday.

Sanders, meanwhile, declined to to join calls for Clinton to release transcripts from her speeches to Goldman Sachs and other big banks, despite mounting pressure from progressives for the Democratic front-runner to do so.

The Vermont senator also ripped a key Clinton surrogate, predicted a close race in New Hampshire's upcoming primary and even exuded confidence that he will do well in South Carolina.

""Do you think she should (release the transcripts), and what do you think would be revealed in those transcripts?"" Tapper asked Sanders.

""No idea,"" Sanders said. ""I have no idea what she said and I think the decision as to whether or not to release it is her decision.""

""You don't have a position on it at all?"" Tapper asked.

""No,"" the Vermont senator said.

When asked at the debate whether she would release the transcripts, Clinton simply said she would ""look into it.""

But progressive activists, as well as some Republicans, have put pressure on Clinton over her paid speeches, with some calling on her to release the transcripts. And Symone Sanders, a spokesman for the Vermont senator's campaign, called for the transcripts to be released before Tuesday's primary.

""I think that is a question that is going to live on further, even after this debate is over, and it's a question that deserves to be answered,"" she said.

Sanders, however, did not hold back when Tapper asked him about David Brock, the man who runs the pro-Clinton super PAC Priorities USA.

""I happen to like Hillary Clinton, but I am astounded by some of the people that she has hired, including David Brock,"" Sanders said, questioning his opponent's judgment.

Brock is a recovering ""right-wing attack man"" and lead a crusade against the Clintons in the 1990s.

Now, however, he is a major Clinton backer and has regularly targeted Sanders. Among other attacks, Brock recently said that a Sanders TV ad didn't feature enough African-American and Latino faces and claimed ""Black lives don't matter much to Bernie Sanders.""

""David Brock, people will remember, used to be a real right-wing guy who was attacking people like Anita Hill,"" Sanders said. ""This is an African-American law professor who tried to do the right thing, and he admitted it. He said, 'I lied about her.'""

Sanders added, ""I just don't understand where the Clinton people are coming from hiring somebody like that. Every day, you know, they're attacking us in one way or the other.""

The Vermont senator believes Tuesday's primary will be a close one.

""We think it's gonna be a close election, we're working really hard,"" Sanders told Tapper.

It's a sentiment Sanders has echoed for the past five days in the Granite State.

""Don't make me nervous, and don't jinx me,"" he added.

Both Democratic campaigns have tried to manage expectations for the primary. Clinton has pushed the narrative that Sanders hails from Vermont and thus has an edge with his New England neighbors. In turn, Sanders reminded voters that Clinton won the state in the 2008 primary when she ran against then-Sen. Barack Obama.

The Sanders campaign has said it's insulting to New Hampshire voters to suggest that they would only support him because he's from the New England area.

""Well, in this sense it is. Look, I mean, obviously, Vermont and New Hampshire are separated by a river, we are close states,"" he told Tapper. ""But you know what? Secretary Clinton won this state in 2008. Her husband ran several campaigns in this state.

When we began this campaign here in New Hampshire, we were 30 points down in the polls and she was much better known in this state than I was.""

Earlier in the week, Sanders reiterated the same line, telling reporters on Tuesday that Clinton ""has very significant political connections.""

""She has the support of virtually the entire political establishment here in New Hampshire,"" he added.

But although Sanders says he's focused on not letting New Hampshire slip away, he believes his campaign will be viable in South Carolina, a state where Clinton is considered to have a significant advantage.

""I think we are the underdog now,"" Sanders said. ""I think we have seen some real momentum there. I think we got a shot at it.""",1
4183,Trump’s impending nomination means it’s time for a third party,"It’s over. Donald Trump, a man utterly unfit for the position by temperament, values and policy preferences, will be the Republican nominee for president. He will run against Hillary Clinton, who is easily the lesser evil but is trailed by clouds of scandal and misconduct and whose party’s left wing poses its own threats to liberties of speech, religion, enterprise and association.

It is time for a third candidate, and probably for a third party.

Some people will dismiss this notion as absurd. However, only those prescient enough to have forecast Trump’s success have the standing to certify impossibilities. If the Trump candidacy has blown up every other aspect of political conventional wisdom, why not this one?

Even if a third candidacy still yielded a Clinton victory, it would be worthwhile. It would, first, deny the Clinton campaign the illusion of a mandate from American voters who would have, en masse, turned out to reject Trump. If nothing else, a strong third-candidate vote would send her a message to govern from the center, rather than in deference to her party’s increasingly powerful left wing.

A third candidate could lay the groundwork for a new political party. The Republican Party may right itself after this moral disaster, led by men and women of the caliber of House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (Wis.). But the sad truth is that although the speaker has the qualities of a statesman, two of his Republican predecessors have indicated that they would vote for Trump without qualms, while a third is too preoccupied with his upcoming jail term to say much of anything.

The Republican presidential defeat that likely impends will reflect an entirely appropriate national revulsion at the GOP candidate, whose personal record of chicanery and wild rhetoric of bigotry, misogyny and misplaced belligerence are without parallel in the modern history of either major party. It is entirely conceivable that the damage done will be permanent.

And in any case, the party of Lincoln is sick. The influence on it of ranting reality-television players, talk-show hucksters and monomaniacs of various stripes may not recede. The temper that led a supposedly responsible party of governance to repeatedly attempt to shut down the government may, in turn, shut it out of executive power for a long time.

A new, center-right party may be necessary — we cannot yet tell. If it is, the outlines of its platform are easy to anticipate: reverence for the Constitution; serious grappling with the domestic problems associated with economic opportunity for all, education and affordable health care; and commitment to the internationalist tradition of the post-World War II consensus. It would advocate a federal government that can energetically do the things it should, but would limit the role of unaccountable regulators and bureaucrats and push to states and local governments every function that is not clearly a duty of the federal government. Above all, it would be committed to liberty in every sphere of personal and public life.

A third candidate — and if it comes to that, a third party — must be led by a politician. The Great Republic does not require a man on horseback to rescue it, despite the arguments that some have made for drafting a retired general. Senior military officers usually make dreadful politicians, and besides, politics is an art — a respectable art, despite what too many Americans think — with unique skills and aptitudes. People with such skills exist, including Mitt Romney. The question is whether one of them will step forward.

One of them should, for this final reason: to keep conservative consciences clean. To vote for Clinton is to sacrifice standards and endorse policies and conduct no conservative should; not to vote at all is an escape, not a civic deed.

Admittedly, this may be a losing cause. But a losing cause is not necessarily a futile one. John Quincy Adams fighting slavery in the 1830s and 1840s and Wendell Willkie running on an internationalist platform in 1940 proved that. A Trump candidacy is a disgrace and has indeed already damaged us at home and abroad, but the longer-term question is larger than one demagogue, dangerous though he is. It is whether the cause of free, limited and constitutional government will have someone to speak for it and to represent it now and for decades to come.

The hour is late, the task is urgent, and the cause is great. Let us hope that some politicians will summon the courage that their country requires, and act.",1
4160,The College Loan Bombshell Hidden in the Budget,"In obscure data tables buried deep in its 2016 budget proposal, the Obama administration revealed this week that its student loan program had a $21.8 billion shortfall last year, apparently the largest ever recorded for any government credit program.

The main cause of the shortfall was President Barack Obama’s recent efforts to provide relief for borrowers drowning in student debt, reforms that have already begun to reduce loan payments to the government. For more than two decades, budget analysts have recalculated the projected costs of about 120 credit programs every year, but they have never lowered their expectations of repayments this dramatically. The $21.8 billion revision—larger than the annual budget for NASA, or the Interior Department and EPA combined—will be tacked onto the federal deficit.

“Wow,” marveled Steve Ellis, vice president of Taxpayers for Common Sense. “Whether or not it’s good policy to help borrowers with their payments, it’s obviously costly for taxpayers.”

The 40 million Americans with student loans are now saddled with more than $1.2 trillion in outstanding debt. And with higher education costs rising much faster than inflation, the already massive program has been growing at a spectacular clip; direct government loans alone increased 44 percent over the last two years despite an aura of austerity in Washington. The Obama administration has tried to ease the burden for some borrowers by reducing their payments to 10 percent of their income and forgiving their loans after 20 years; this year, the Education Department plans to make all borrowers eligible for that “pay-as-you-earn” relief.

Student loan defaults increased somewhat last year, but the department says the primary drivers of the unprecedented “re-estimate”—budget-wonk jargon for the update of expected loan costs—were Obama’s policy changes, the recent ones as well as the upcoming ones. And because of a quirk in the budget process for credit programs, the department can add the $21.8 billion to the deficit automatically, without seeking appropriations or even approval from Congress.

That’s a big quasi-bailout, increasing the deficit nearly 5 percent. The White House budget office was unaware of any larger re-estimates since the current scoring rules for credit programs went into effect in 1992. As a January Politico Magazine feature on the government’s unusual credit portfolio reported, the Federal Housing Administration has stuck more than $75 billion worth of similar re-estimates onto Uncle Sam’s tab over the last two decades, most of them after the recent housing bust led to a cascade of FHA-backed mortgage defaults. But it’s never had a one-year shortfall quite as drastic as this.

It’s not yet clear whether this will be a hefty one-time revision, or a harbinger of oceans of red ink as millions more borrowers get relief on their payments to the government. Several reports by Barclays Capital have warned that Obama’s generosity to borrowers could leave the student loan program as much as $250 billion in the hole over the next decade. And behind closed doors, officials in the White House budget office and the Treasury Department have criticized the Education Department’s loan models as overly optimistic, with some officials pushing internally for third-party audits.

But administration officials said there’s no reason to think this year’s shortfall will recur. They believe that their budgets going forward will accurately reflect their new efforts to help borrowers limit their payments, that pay-as-you-earn will be “baked into the cake.” Historically, re-estimates for the better and for the worse have tended to cancel each other out across the government. In fact, this year, the government’s credit portfolio increased to $3.3 trillion, larger than any U.S. bank’s, but the re-estimates for all the programs besides student loans netted out to less than $1 billion.

The administration argues that even the $21.8 billion student loan shortfall is a relative pittance for the Education Department’s $740 billion book of direct loans, the second-largest government credit portfolio after FHA mortgage guarantees.

“Any re-estimate should be considered in this context,” says White House Office of Management and Budget spokeswoman Emily Cain.",1
1397,How Predictive Are Iowa And New Hampshire?,"How Predictive Are Iowa And New Hampshire?

Iowa and New Hampshire get a lot of attention, but their records in picking presidents, let alone nominees, is spotty (as you can see from the chart above). But that doesn't mean the states don't matter. They have been effective at weeding the field of candidates, and they're about momentum for those later states.

Plus, in the last 40 years, just one person has gone on to win the presidency after losing both Iowa and New Hampshire — Bill Clinton.

Here's how the predictability of the states breaks down by party:

New Hampshire has been better at picking nominees for Republicans. Since 1976:

— Two became president: Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush.

Iowa, on the other hand, has picked:

Here's the thing, though: No Republican has become the nominee in the last 40 years without winning either Iowa or New Hampshire.

Iowa has been slightly better than New Hampshire at picking nominees on Democratic side. In fact, since 1976:

— A whopping six eventual nominees have won Iowa, including the last three (Barack Obama, John Kerry and Al Gore).

— Two Iowa Democratic winners have become president — Jimmy Carter and Barack Obama.

— Five nominees over that same time ...

— Just one became president — Carter.

— Bill Clinton, George H.W. Bush and Ronald Reagan all lost Iowa but went on to win the presidency.

— Bill Clinton didn't win either Iowa or New Hampshire in 1992, but was still declared ""The Comeback Kid"" after his second-place finish in the New Hampshire.

— The person who led the longest in Iowa in the crowded Republican field in 2015, according to the RealClearPolitics average of polls, was ... Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker. He led for six months, from February to August, before dropping out of the race after a series of missteps.

— If Donald Trump wins both Iowa and New Hampshire, it would be the first time a non-incumbent Republican has done so in 40 years.",1
4864,Trump: 'We Must Replace Globalism with Americanism',"Hillary Clinton is back on the campaign trail after three days off. She courted Hispanic voters in Washington as Donald Trump talked economics in New York.

Trump unveiled more details of his plan to move the U.S. economy forward.

""We must replace the present policy of globalism, which has just taken so many jobs out of our communities and so much wealth out of our country, and replace it with a new policy of Americanism,"" he explained.

Trump said as president, he will act to tap into the ""un-realized potential"" of American workers and their dreams. He pledged to create 25 million new jobs and grow the economy over 10 years at an average annual rate of 3.5 percent.

U.S. economic growth under President Barack Obama has never reached 3 percent in any one year -- something that's never happened under any other U.S. president.

""I am going to lower your taxes very, very substantially. I am going to get rid of massive amounts of unnecessary regulation. All of these regulations on your business, and in your life,"" Trump insisted.

Afterwards, Trump appeared on the ""Tonight Show."" In a lighter moment, host Jimmy Fallon made one request of the Republican presidential nominee, asking him,  ""Can I mess your hair up? Did you say yes?""

Trump responded, ""Go ahead!"" Fallon then proceeded to dishevel Trump's hair.

Meanwhile, Clinton was back on the campaign trail in the nation's capital, with the James Brown tune, ""I Feel Good,"" blasting from loud speakers.

Fresh from three-and-a-half days off resting from pneumonia, she spoke to the National Hispanic Caucus in Washington, D.C.

Clinton wasted little time renewing her attacks against Trump, going after him for telling the Washington Post he didn't want to answer the question right now of whether or not the president was born in the United States.

""This man wants to be our next president? When will he stop this ugliness, this bigotry?"" she asked rhetorically. ""If we just sigh, shake our heads and accept this, then what does that tell our kids about who we are?""

The Trump campaign later conceded that he does believe the president was born in the United States.

Even though polls show many voters don't like either candidate, Clinton is facing an enthusiasm gap.

Only 50 percent of Trump's supporters say they're excited to vote for him. The percentage of Clinton supporters is even less, with only 43 percent saying they're excited about her.

Enthused or not, with less than two months to go before Election Day, both candidates know independent voters hold the key to winning the White House.

And Clinton says there's another important factor.

""What matters is who registers to vote and who is motivated and mobilized to turnout to vote,"" she said.",1
3289,Obama On Loretta Lynch: 'You Don't Hold Attorney General Nominees Hostage',"""You don't hold attorney general nominees hostage for other issues,"" Obama told The Huffington Post's Sam Stein in a sit-down interview. ""This is our top law enforcement office. Nobody denies that she's well-qualified. We need to go ahead and get her done.""

Lynch's nomination has been languishing for more than 130 days. This week, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) threw up another roadblock, warning that she wouldn't get a vote until his chamber passes human trafficking legislation. Democrats object to anti-abortion language in the bill.

On Wednesday, Sen. Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) went after his GOP colleagues for the delay in voting on Lynch, suggesting that they were treating her differently because of her race.

""Loretta Lynch, the first African-American woman nominated to be attorney general, is asked to sit in the back of the bus when it comes to the Senate calendar,"" said Durbin. ""That is unfair. It's unjust. It is beneath the decorum and dignity of the U.S. Senate.""

""I don't know about that,"" the president said on Friday, referring to the role that race may have played in delaying Lynch's confirmation. Instead, he pointed to ""Senate dysfunction"" and ""stubbornness on the part of Republicans to move nominees, period.""

""What I do know is that she is eminently qualified. Nobody denies it,"" Obama said. ""Even the Republicans acknowledge she's been a great prosecutor. She has prosecuted terrorists in New York, she has gone after organized crime, she's gone after public corruption. Her integrity is unimpeachable. By all accounts, she's a great manager, and the fact that she has now been lingering in this limbo for longer than the five previous attorney general nominees combined makes no sense. We need to go ahead and get this done.""

""My guess is that there is probably not a huge racial component to this, that this is really just D.C. politics, Washington at its worst,"" he said. ""A battle about something that is not connected to this nominee, holding up this nominee. I think that's the main driver here.""

Lynch, currently the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York, received a bipartisan boost Friday, when former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani (R) called on Republicans to stop stalling her confirmation.

The president confirmed Friday that Holder, who has long been the target of GOP lawmakers' ire, has agreed to stay on as attorney general until his replacement is set.

""The irony is, of course, that the Republicans really dislike Mr. Holder,"" said Obama. ""If they really want to get rid of him, the best way to do it is to go ahead and get Loretta Lynch confirmed.""

The Huffington Post’s full interview with President Obama will be published on Saturday. To be the first to see the whole interview, sign up for HuffPost breaking news alerts here.",1
407,Profit sharing was supposed to be a silver bullet for middle-class success. What happened?,"The core commitment of the American economy to give workers a fair share of the productivity and profits they have created is seriously in question. It has become abundantly clear over the last few years that the middle class is not sharing in the gains of the economy.  Wages are mostly flat, and labor’s share of national income is declining as the productivity and profits of many businesses continue to expand. After decades of hoping to expand middle-class ownership of capital – stocks, bonds, access to profit-sharing and capital gains – during the late 20th century, it has been declining precipitously. Even worse, that is happening as the direct result of actual misguided government policies, even as other policies subsidize the concentration of that capital among the wealthy.

Ownership of capital, particularly through vehicles like grants of stock and stock options, and profit sharing was supposed to be a silver bullet for middle class success. And for a while it was developing. According to the General Social Survey, in 2002, 21 percent of workers owned some stock in the company where they worked, over 13 percent had employee stock options, and about a third received cash profit sharing, and a quarter some gain sharing, which involves a share paid to workers of increased sales or better customer service.

Today, the reality is that after decades of productivity gains and stock market gains, for most workers, the amounts received from shares are relatively modest and really don’t add up to very much. The most common form of shares, profit sharing, is now the least meaningful. The median adult worker with profit sharing receives only $2,000 per year. The other 65 percent of workers without profit sharing receive zero.  The median worker with gain sharing also receives $2,000 and the other 80 percent of workers without gain sharing receives zero.  While almost half of all workers in the communications and computer services industries had stock options in 2002 and over a tenth of workers nationwide were receiving stock options the availability of stock options to middle class workers has sunk by more than a third nationwide and in America’s innovative industries. Moreover, the median worker owning company stock  — only a fifth of workers  — has employee stock ownership worth only $10,000.  The other 80 percent own nothing in their companies.

The principal explanation is not simply corporate greed or structural changes in the economy, but rather a long series of unfortunate government policies that have either eliminated or weakened share plans for the middle class, all while incentivizing policies that benefit the top.  This privileged use of the tax system has to change.

Employee share ownership expanded in the 1980s and 1990s after the Reagan administration set up tax incentives to jumpstart broad-based employee stock ownership plans (ESOPs) in public stock market companies.  This encouraged large corporations to make lower risk grants of their stock to workers with workers not purchasing the stock with their savings.  The incentives allowed lenders to deduct a portion of their interest income when they made loans to corporations to finance purchases of stock that were later granted to middle class employees who often also received dividends. The major Wall Street investment banks even set up divisions to market such plans, and aggressively proposed broad-based employee ownership to corporations. In the budget cutting that swept the President George H.W. Bush Administrations, these incentives were almost completely eliminated.

Other policies began with good intentions, but ultimately undermined middle class shares. In 1993, Congress sought to limit corporate tax deductions for the salaries of the top five executives in stock market companies to $1 million per executive.  As this idea wound its way through Congress, the proposal was changed so that the deduction limit for the fixed salaries of executives was capped at $1 million, but stock market firms received virtually unlimited tax deductions for profit and equity sharing plans given to those top executives – now known as Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code.

As a result, executive shares have been subsidized by taxpayers with an estimated cost of at least $5-$10 billion a year since 1993 by six presidential administrations with largely unwavering bipartisan support.  As top executives reap billions with Federal tax deductions, the tax deductions for share plans for middle class workers have much lower limits. On top of that, the tax mechanisms and encouragements for generous cash and deferred profit sharing plans have also been weakened over the past several decades for a number of reasons. While the Federal government has kept some tax benefits for Employee Stock Ownership Plans in closely-held companies intact, these benefits have yet to be updated to apply to millions of other closely-held companies called S corporations. And ESOPs and share plans of all kinds are simply not sufficiently encouraged by the Federal government in stock market companies.

Then, in response to the Enron and Worldcom scandals, the recent administration of President George W. Bush advanced accounting reforms of stock options designed to reduce the role of options in executive pay. As recently as 2002, broad-based stock options were common, covering 57 percent of all workers in computer services, 43 percent of all workers in communications, 27 percent of all workers in financial services, and even 23 percent of all workers in the durable manufacturing industry.    By 2010, after the Bush administration’s “reform,” the General Social Survey showed a 70 percent drop in workers in computer services receiving stock options, a 57 percent drop in durable manufacturing, a 45 percent drop in financial services, and an almost 20 percent drop in the communications industry.  The decline in stock options was concentrated among middle class workers, while the top echelon was largely spared. This happened because companies pushed middle class workers and managers out of their stock option plans to reduce the accounting cost of their stock options plans so that the options for the executives could be kept  largely intact. President Bush’s “reform” of stock options for executives ended up punishing the middle class, just as the earlier executive pay “reform” of the 1990s ended up subsidizing executive pay.  The Bush Administration reforms also led to a huge drop in the very generous Employee Stock Purchase Plans whereby large corporations used to generously allow workers to buy stock at a 15 percent discount to market with other provisions that made them low risk.  Maybe, as some critics point out, options are not the best way to pay workers, but similar equity plans should not be only for the top. In short, Washington has quietly created a subsidized system of grants of free shares financially engineered mainly for the top echelon of the economy. Generous tax incentives encourage shares for the top, while zero or the least generous or out-of-date tax incentives are for middle class shares.      The country now needs a robust political discussion of shares for the middle class, and the ill-advised policies on middle class shares must be reversed. The first part of that discussion should be about risk to workers.  Cash profit sharing, deferred profit sharing and gain sharing plans are the lowest-risk form of shares, so it was a reasonable place for the Clinton campaign to start.  In addition to profit and gain sharing, corporate executives typically receive lower-risk grants of restricted stock or stock options.  While many companies encourage executives to purchase some shares, these grants of equity make up most of their pay package, and the country needs policies that encourage these lower-risk forms of ownership for middle class workers as well.  Let me be clear.  I am against any policy encouraging workers to buy more than very modest amounts of company stock with their wages or retirement savings.  As happened with Enron, workers can easily get over-invested in company stock they buy with their own wages.  It should not be encouraged by Federal policy. A responsible policy on equity shares would also give scaled progressive tax credits to corporations that grant equity to more than a majority of their workers without any worker purchases.  If companies want large tax deductions for their executive share plans, they should be required to have share plans that cover all of their employees. Workers could share in the upside gain if the equity value of the firm increases over the long-term.  Forms of employee share ownership such as grants of stock to workers through Employee Stock Ownership Plans (ESOPs) and other approaches, where workers do not buy the stock but the stock is financed by the company, are sensible to encourage.  The elimination of ESOP incentives from the first Bush administration needs to be reversed so stock market companies and Wall Street start talking about equity grants to the middle class again.  We need to revise federal policy to encourage firms that offer Employee Stock Purchase Plans a greater tax deduction for giving generous discounts to their employees with the level of the sales being reasonable capped to avoid undue risk. Beyond this, corporations that wish to receive many special corporate tax incentives should be required to have a fair broad-based profit-sharing plan or an employee share equity plan not based on worker purchases but only on grants, just as executive plans are structured.  This Labor Day, it is time for the national discussion on wage stagnation to include a plan to revamp shares for the middle class.",1
1853,Trump: O'Malley 'weak' and 'pathetic' for apologizing to Black Lives Matter protestors,"Fox News aired a preview Friday of an interview with the leading GOP candidate that will air Saturday.

""And then he apologized like a little baby, like a disgusting, little weak, pathetic baby, and that's the problem with our country,"" Trump said.

The real estate developer said O'Malley's attempt at being ""politically correct"" was actually ""politically incorrect.""





""So, ladies and gentlemen, I am officially running for president of the United States, and we are going to make our country great again,"" Trump told the crowd at his announcement. Businessman Donald Trump announced June 16 at his Trump Tower in New York City that he is seeking the Republican presidential nomination. This ends more than two decades of flirting with the idea of running for the White House.""So, ladies and gentlemen, I am officially running for president of the United States, and we are going to make our country great again,"" Trump told the crowd at his announcement. 



""These are all of our stories,"" Cruz told the audience at Liberty University in Virginia. ""These are who we are as Americans. And yet for so many Americans, the promise of America seems more and more distant."" Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas has made a name for himself in the Senate, solidifying his brand as a conservative firebrand willing to take on the GOP's establishment. He announced he was seeking the Republican presidential nomination in a speech on March 23.""These are all of our stories,"" Cruz told the audience at Liberty University in Virginia. ""These are who we are as Americans. And yet for so many Americans, the promise of America seems more and more distant."" Ohio Gov. John Kasich joined the Republican field July 21 as he formally announced his White House bid.



""I am here to ask you for your prayers, for your support ... because I have decided to run for president of the United States,"" Kasich told his kickoff rally at the Ohio State University. 



""Everyday Americans need a champion, and I want to be that champion -- so you can do more than just get by -- you can get ahead. And stay ahead,"" she said in her announcement video. ""Because when families are strong, America is strong. So I'm hitting the road to earn your vote, because it's your time. And I hope you'll join me on this journey."" Hillary Clinton launched her presidential bid on April 12 through a video message on social media. The former first lady, senator and secretary of state is considered the front-runner among possible Democratic candidates.""Everyday Americans need a champion, and I want to be that champion -- so you can do more than just get by -- you can get ahead. And stay ahead,"" she said in her announcement video. ""Because when families are strong, America is strong. So I'm hitting the road to earn your vote, because it's your time. And I hope you'll join me on this journey."" , an independent from Vermont who caucuses with Democrats, announced his run in an email to supporters on April 30. He has said the United States needs a ""political revolution"" of working-class Americans to take back control of the government from billionaires. 



""This great nation and its government belong to all of the people and not to a handful of billionaires, their super PACs and their lobbyists,"" Sanders said at a rally in Vermont on May 26. Sen. Bernie Sanders , an independent from Vermont who caucuses with Democrats, announced his run in an email to supporters on April 30. He has said the United States needs a ""political revolution"" of working-class Americans to take back control of the government from billionaires.""This great nation and its government belong to all of the people and not to a handful of billionaires, their super PACs and their lobbyists,"" Sanders said at a rally in Vermont on May 26. ""How can you apologize when you say 'Black Lives Matter,' which is true, 'White Lives Matter,' which is true, 'All Lives Matter,' which is true,"" Trump asked. ""And then they [Black Lives Matter activists] get angry because you said 'white' and 'all' - 'We don't want you to mention that.'"" O'Malley's campaign responded Friday afternoon, saying Trump engages in ""hate speech."" ""Governor O'Malley stands with those who have the guts to stand up to Donald Trump's hate speech. It speaks volumes about the Republican Party today that this is their front-runner,"" said Lis Smith, O'Malley deputy campaign manager. ""Unlike the rest of the Republican field, we're not interested in engaging in a race to the bottom with Mr. Trump."" Trump previously criticized Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders for giving up his microphone to protesters at an event in Seattle. ""That will never happen with me,"" Trump said. ""I don't know if I'll do the fighting myself or if other people will, but that was a disgrace."" CNN commentator Donna Brazile wrote an opinion piece for CNN last month that said ""All Lives Matter"" can sound dismissive when used as a response to ""Black Lives Matter."" ""Of course ALL lives matter. But there is no serious question about the value of the life of a young white girl or boy. Sadly, there is a serious question -- between gang violence and this police violence -- about the value of the life of a young black girl or boy,"" she wrote. ""So those who are experiencing the pain and trauma of the black experience in this country don't want their rallying cry to be watered down with a generic feel-good catchphrase.""",1
950,Ted Cruz’s 5-percent flim-flam: His latest economic promise is a real laugher,"There are moments, infrequent but poignant, in which I find myself yearning for the good old days of the Jeb Bush presidential campaign. What a time that was – the uncomfortable-in-his-own-skin awkwardness; the sad, pleading earnestness; the inescapable aura of crushing sadness and defeat; the Apple Watch. It was magical. And to counteract all that soul-withering desperation, there was the Jeb Bush promise, the much-mocked and self-evidently overoptimistic guarantee that under President Jeb the United States economy would grow at an annual rate of no less than 4 percent.

That promise was wildly out of step with historical averages – going back to 1968, only one president, Bill Clinton, averaged 4 percent growth over a four-year term. And Jeb based his guarantee off his experience as governor of Florida, when he averaged 4.4 percent statewide growth on the strength of a perilously large housing bubble that catastrophically popped shortly after he left office (somehow that detail never made it into the campaign literature). Regardless, “four-percent growth” was the mantra of Jeb the incurable optimist.

Well, as it turns out, ol’ Jeb was nothing but a piker. Four percent? That’s a loser’s goal. Because here comes Ted Cruz, the last man standing between Donald Trump and the Republican nomination, promising America that under his watch the economy will zip along at “a minimum of five-percent GDP growth.” Five percent! As you might guess, that’s an even rarer accomplishment than Jeb’s guaranteed 4 percent. Harry Truman enjoyed 6.5 percent average growth in the post-war economic boom; the Kennedy-Johnson administration of the early ’60s cleared 5 percent average growth; and since then no president has broken the 5 percent barrier for a single term. Cruz is promising not just to break that trend but to deliver sustained growth at or above 5 percent.

How’s he going to get there? Well, Ted Cruz has a plan. Per CNN: “Cruz says it’s about going back to Reagan-style economics: cut taxes, scale back regulation on business and repeal Obamacare.” Ted Cruz’s tax plan is unique in that it represents the most radical and aggressive upward redistribution of wealth of any of the plans offered by 2016 Republicans. His big idea is to completely restructure the tax code in such a way that the wealthiest Americans will reap massive windfalls. “The overwhelming majority of the plan’s cost (79.6 percent) goes to helping the richest fifth of taxpayers,” Dylan Matthews noted at Vox: “43.7 percent goes to the top 1 percent alone.” And as Bryce Covert writes at ThinkProgress, the assumption at play here – that colossal tax cuts for the wealthiest will trigger massive economic growth – is not backed up by research. What Cruz’s tax cuts will do, however, is explode the national debt by more than $10 trillion in the first decade, according to the Tax Policy Center.

But Cruz has an influential ally in his corner: Art Laffer, the high priest of trickle-down economics, who helped craft Cruz’s plan. “Cruz’s tax plan is better than Reagan’s,” Laffer told CNN. “I think you’ll get growth rates higher than Reagan’s.” A good rule of thumb is that whenever you see Art Laffer extolling the amazing economic impact of a tax-cut package, assume the opposite will happen. Laffer’s time as a Cruz tax advisor was preceded by a high-profile stint as tax advisor to Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback, who came into power by promising to turn the state into a laboratory of trickle-down economic theory. With Laffer’s help, Brownback passed a tax package that knocked out taxes on small businesses and deeply cut rates across the board. Appearing with Brownback to hype the tax scheme, Laffer confidently predicted it would succeed beyond everyone’s wildest dreams. “This will lead to enormous prosperity,” Laffer told a group of Kansans in 2012. “You are moving into the pro-growth world, and believe me it will work.” It did not work. The cuts predictably sent the state into a budget crisis as it scrambled to cover a series of massive deficits. To pay for these tax cuts, which overwhelmingly benefited the wealthy, Kansas imposed deep cuts to social programs and passed new consumption taxes that disproportionately affect the poor. And what did Kansans get for all this pain? Not much: In 2015, job growth in Kansas was a mere 0.1 percent, even as the nation’s economy grew 1.9 percent. Brownback pledged to bring 100,000 new jobs to the state in his second term; as of January, he has brought 700. What’s more, personal income growth slowed dramatically since the tax cuts went into effect. Between 2010 and 2012, Kansas saw income growth of 6.1 percent, good for 12th in the nation; from 2013 to 2015, that rate was 3.6 percent, good for 41st. As for Laffer, he later clarified that when he said the tax cut plan would bring “enormous prosperity,” he didn’t mean it would happen immediately. “You have to view this over ten years,” he told a Kansas City Star columnist last October. “It will work in Kansas.” That, unfortunately, directly contradicted what he wrote in a 2012 report stating that he “advised Oklahoma, Kansas, and other states to cut their income tax rates if they want the most effective immediate and lasting boost to their states’ economies.” Now we’re supposed to trust Art Laffer when he says that Ted Cruz’s tax plan will bring wild economic growth that will outpace even Ronald Reagan’s economic record, which has become the stuff of mythic exaggeration among conservatives. I suppose that’s the great thing about trickle-down economics – its failures can always just be papered over with more and more extravagant promises.",1
1708,"Hillary Clinton wins debate, Bernie Sanders rises in polls","Washington (CNN) With the first Democratic debate in the books, a new CNN/ORC poll finds most who watched think Hillary Clinton had the best performance of the night, but her strong showing hasn't boosted her standing in the race for the party's nomination.

Clinton stands at 45% in the race for the Democratic nomination, with Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders behind her at 29%. Vice President Joe Biden, who is considering a run for presidency and did not participate in last week's debate, follows at 18%.

Behind the top three, former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb had 1% support, while former Rhode Island Gov. Lincoln Chafee, Harvard professor Larry Lessig and former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley all held less than 1% support.

Compared with pre-debate polling, Sanders' support is up five points since mid-September, but no other candidate showed significant change.

As Biden mulls whether or not to get in the race, the poll suggests Democrats are becoming less enamored of a run from the vice president. In August, 53% of registered Democrats said they wanted Biden to run, that's down to 47% in the new poll. Should Biden decide to sit out the race for the Democratic nomination, Clinton's lead over Sanders climbs to 23 points: 56% would back Clinton, 33% Sanders.

Overall, 31% of registered Democrats say they watched all or most of the CNN/Facebook debate, held October 13 in Las Vegas. More than 6-in-10 Democrats who watched say Clinton did the best job, almost doubling the 35% who thought Sanders had the best performance. On the other side of the coin, 43% of those who watched said Chafee had the worst night, 31% thought Webb did, 12% O'Malley.

Among those Democrats who watched the debate, both Sanders and Biden are viewed more favorably than they are among Democratic voters generally: Sanders' favorability number bumps from 62% among all Democratic voters to 84% among debate viewers, while Biden climbs from 76% to 89% favorable. Clinton's numbers are about the same in both groups.

Despite their positive feelings toward Biden, debate-watchers are more apt than others to say Biden should stay out of the contest (61% think he should not run, compared with 43% of those who did not watch) and they are far more likely to be satisfied with the Democratic field generally (84% compared with 64% among those who didn't watch).

Assessing the lesser-known candidates, debate-watchers are more positive than other Democrats toward O'Malley, (44% favorable compared with 20% among Democratic voters generally). But Webb and Chafee are both viewed more negatively among those who watched (For Chafee, 32% unfavorable among debate-watchers vs. 18% among all Democratic voters; Webb is at 37% unfavorable among debate-watchers, 20% among all Democratic voters).

Following the debate, Clinton continues to dominate as the more trusted candidate across several top issues, with double-digit advantages over Sanders and Biden as the candidate who would best handle the economy, health care, foreign policy, race relations, climate change and gun policy. Clinton also now holds a small edge over Sanders as most trusted on income inequality (43% Clinton, 38% Sanders).

Debate-watchers are more likely than others to say they trust Sanders on top issues, though even among this more-friendly audience, he continues to trail Clinton on most issues. Exceptions are income inequality (50% of debate-watchers trust Sanders vs. 36% for Clinton) and climate change (40% each say Clinton and Sanders would be best able to handle that).

Sanders gained no ground, however, on foreign policy. On that question, Clinton's strength grows among those who watched: 77% in that group say they trust her most to handle foreign policy, up from 66% among Democratic voters overall.

On two issues where the debate highlighted differences among the candidates, fissures within the Democratic electorate on who would best handle them emerge.

Income inequality appears to be the most divisive issue, with women, older voters, those without college degrees, moderates and those with lower incomes more apt to trust Clinton on the issue, while those with college degrees, liberals, and urbanites are more likely to favor Sanders.

And on gun policy, there's a sharp gender divide. Women are far more likely to say they trust Clinton to handle it than men, 50% to 37%. Democratic gun owners are more evenly split on the question, with 35% saying they trust Clinton most on gun policy, 27% Sanders and 21% Biden. Among those Democrats who do not own guns, it's 48% Clinton, 21% Biden and 16% Sanders.

Overall, Democrats aren't much more satisfied with their field now than they were in July before any debates had happened. While the share ""very satisfied"" has risen from 26% to 33%, the share saying they are at least fairly satisfied has held steady at about 7-in-10. Women do report feeling more satisfied with the field than men, but younger Democrats, a key group for Barack Obama's general election victories, are far less satisfied with this field of candidates than older Democrats. Only about one-quarter of those under age 50 say they are very satisfied, compared with 40% of those age 50 or older.

When matched against the top candidates from the Republican field, Clinton, Sanders and Biden all top Donald Trump, who has been leading most polling on the Republican nomination contest since this summer. But Biden is the only one who holds a significant lead over Ben Carson, a more recent addition to the top of the Republican field. Trump trails Clinton by 5, Sanders by 9 and Biden by 10. But against Carson, both Clinton (47% to Carson's 48%) and Sanders (46% to Carson's 48%) run about evenly with the former neurosurgeon. Biden tops Carson by 8 points.

The CNN/ORC International Poll was conducted by telephone October 14-17 among a random national sample of 1,028 adult Americans. Results among the 425 registered voters who say they are Democrats or independents who lean toward the Democratic Party have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 5 percentage points.",1
2051,"Parsing Biden's words: If Hillary runs, he won't - Politics.com","Vice President Joe Biden sounded like someone who wants to be President when he spoke to CNN's ""New Day"" on Friday.

He talked about America's potential and its role as a global leader, as well as his commitment to helping the middle class. He never mentioned the overwhelming early favorite for the 2016 Democratic nomination -- former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.

Clearly Biden, the longtime senator who now is the White House conduit to blue-collar union workers essential to Democratic support, is seriously considering a presidential run.

Asked by CNN's Kate Bolduan when he would decide, Biden answered a realistic timetable would be the summer of 2015.

That response, and a closer look at Biden's words Friday, also show that if Clinton decides to run -- as expected -- then Biden will step aside.

""He is effectively saying, look, it depends on what Hillary Clinton decides to do,"" noted Gloria Borger, CNN's chief political analyst.

Here are some of Biden's remarks in the interview with Bolduan, and a look at what he was really saying:

1) ""There may be reasons I don't run, but there's no obvious reason for me why I think I should not run.""

Biden is hedging his bets. He acknowledges it may not happen, but makes clear the reason won't be because he doesn't want to or isn't qualified for the job.

That's another way of saying there are circumstances beyond his control, meaning a Clinton decision to enter the race.

Supporters are already raising money for the former first lady and senator who served with Biden in President Barack Obama's Cabinet and would be the nation's first woman President.

Clinton has said she will make up her mind sometime in 2014. Polls show her with a commanding lead over other possible Democratic contenders, including Biden.

Biden's answer when Bolduan asks for a timetable for his decision is the clearest signal that his choice depends on whether Clinton runs.

To Peter Hamby, CNN Digital's national political reporter, waiting until the middle of 2015 -- just six months or so before the Iowa caucuses -- would be way too late to take on Clinton.

""If these guys are going to get in and run for president, whoever it is, challenging Hillary Clinton, they really have to start laying groundwork,"" Hamby said. ""They have to raise money and hire staff and recruit volunteers in these early states.""

As vice president, Biden has the advantage of constant media focus if desired, which would help him maintain a high profile without some of the normal steps of mounting a presidential campaign.

3) ""Am I the best qualified person to focus on the two things I've spent my whole life on -- give ordinary people a fighting chance to make it and a sound foreign policy that's based on national interest of the United States, where we not only are known for the power of our military, but the power of our example.""

Biden lays out his rationale for running, stressing his two major strengths as a candidate -- foreign policy and working-class ties.

As the former chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Biden has the necessary foreign policy credentials, particularly against candidate ABC (Anybody But Clinton). However, her four years as secretary of state negates some or all of a Biden advantage.

On appealing to middle class workers, Biden showed his strength in the 2010 and 2012 elections when he went to states such as Ohio where Obama was less popular.

In Clinton, though, he would face the wife of former President Bill Clinton, who remains extremely popular among traditional Democratic constituencies.

In Friday's interview, Biden didn't mention Hillary Clinton by name, but she is the biggest factor in whether he goes for it.

4) ""It doesn't mean I'm the only guy that can do it, but if no one else I think can and I think I can, then I will. If I don't I won't.""

The vice president sums up his future decision with two qualifiers -- that no else runs who can do what he can, and that he still thinks he can deliver the goods.

Biden could decide that he is better qualified than Clinton on what he considers the key issues, but he would have to think twice if her already anticipated campaign has started strongly and generated initial momentum.

If he were to run and win in 2016, Biden would be 74 when he took office, making him the oldest ever to begin a presidency. By the end of his first term, he would be the oldest U.S. President in history.

So while he remains energetic and passionate, talking about getting his Corvette Z06 from zero to 60 in 3.4 seconds, the clock is ticking and Biden knows it.",1
136,"To finish MLK's work, face up to racism (Opinion)","Eric Liu is the founder of Citizen University and the author of several books, including "" A Chinaman's Chance"" and ""The Gardens of Democracy."" He was a White House speechwriter and policy adviser for President Bill Clinton. Follow him on Twitter: @ericpliu . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.

As we mark Martin Luther King Jr. Day this year, it's worth asking: Can America handle either one?

When Nelson Mandela became president of South Africa after the end of apartheid he had two choices. He could have gone down a path of confrontation and retribution against the white Afrikaners who had ruled so oppressively. Or he could have skipped quickly past the history and reality of apartheid and pardoned all its perpetrators in the interests of maintaining order.

He did neither.

In one of his many acts of civic genius, he chose a path for his country that exposed the ugliness of the past and only then invited forgiveness. His government launched a Truth and Reconciliation Commission, led by Archbishop Desmond Tutu.

The commission gathered public testimony across the land, naming the institutional structures and individual acts that had brutalized blacks. No perpetrator was granted amnesty without a candid accounting of his or her deeds. The opportunity for restorative justice gave every participant a sense of heightened responsibility -- a chance to be bigger citizens, together.

Only then could reconciliation begin. And though the commission was not sufficient to ""solve race"" in post-apartheid South Africa, it was still necessary. Without such an attempt at formal accounting, without such an opportunity for oppressed and oppressor to face one another, that nation's challenges would be even greater today.

For proof, consider our own nation 150 years post-slavery. For a fleeting while after the Civil War, we tried Reconstruction. Freedmen could earn wages and vote freely and claim an equal place in politics. Then we gave up on Reconstruction. And Jim Crow came along to make black citizens second-class and to ensure that neither truth-telling nor reconciliation would be on the agenda.

Consider our nation 50 years post-civil rights movement. That movement is sometimes called the Second Reconstruction. It sought to finish the fight to make truly equal citizens out of the descendants of slaves. But here we are today, still plagued post-Ferguson and post-Staten Island by divisions of color and caste -- and by an inability to talk about them without angry defensiveness.

You can hear the objections already. For instance: Won't cataloging acts of racism from the past just make it harder for us all to get along?

But of course, racism is not only in the past. It did not end with the Thirteenth Amendment of 1865 or with the Voting Rights Act of 1965. It is present in the acts and attitudes of many today. It is present in the institutional residue of past choices.

That the phrase #BlackLivesMatter must be said says it all. The criminal justice system, the education system, the economic system and (as this year's so-white Oscars remind us) the pop culture system -- all of them value black lives, black voices and black experience less than fully. We must all face that fact.

There's also this objection to a commission: that by racializing everything it would basically be racist. Consider the words of Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts, who, arguing against affirmative action, once wrote that ""[t]he way to stop discrimination on the basis of race is to stop discrimination on the basis of race.""

This tidy tautology flattens out history. It obliterates the difference between injury and remedy. It wants to rush us along to a ""colorblindness"" that our society hasn't yet earned and perhaps shouldn't even seek as an ideal.

As a Chinese American, I am an inheritor of what white people wrote in the Constitution and what they did to subvert it. I am the beneficiary of what black people and people of every color have done to redeem the Constitution. I am sometimes the object of a presumption that yellow people are presumed foreign until proven otherwise.

I own the good, the bad and the ugly of this country. None of this is neat. None of it is colorblind either.

Ultimately the deepest objection to a racial truth and reconciliation process in America is that it would be hard. Hard to start and to finish. We Americans can be a bit lazy when it comes to messy civic and historical truths. We want our stories -- and our Story -- to have happy endings. We want reconciliation on the cheap.

But the point of MLK Day, and of MLK's entire life, is that true redemption is never cheap or easy. So to honor him truly, let's commit to what's hard. Whether through official commissions or citizen conversations, let's face ourselves.",1
3990,"Russian jet crashes in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula, killing 224 people","A Russian passenger plane carrying more than 220 people crashed in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula soon after taking off early Saturday from a Red Sea resort popular with Russian tourists and disappearing from radar screens, killing all on board, officials said.

The Airbus A-321 took off from Sharm el-Sheikh shortly before 6 a.m. with 217 passengers and seven crew members en route to St. Petersburg, Russia, and had been in the air for only 23 minutes when it crashed.

Ayman al-Muqadem, an Egyptian official with the government's Aviation Incidents Committee, said air controllers lost contact with the plane’s pilot after he radioed that the aircraft was experiencing technical problems and that he needed to make an emergency landing.

The jet then dropped off radar screens.

A ministry statement said Egyptian military search and rescue teams found the wreckage of the passenger jet in the remote mountainous Hassana area 44 miles south of el-Arish, an area in northern Sinai where Egyptian security forces are fighting a burgeoning Islamic militant insurgency led by a local affiliate of the Islamic extremist group ISIS.

A branch of ISIS claimed responsibility for downing the plane in a statement on Twitter, Sky News reported, adding that the claim had not been verified and it was unclear whether Sinai militants have the capability to attack a plane flying at a high altitude.

Russian Transport Minister Maxim Sokolov scoffed at the ISIS claim, telling the Interfax news agency that such reports “must not be considered reliable.”

Nevertheless, French airline Air France and German air carrier Lufthansa said they would avoid flying over the Sinai Peninsula for safety reasons.

A spokeswoman for Lufthansa told The Associated Press that the company had decided in a meeting Saturday that the carrier would not fly over Sinai as long as the cause for the crash “has not been clarified.”

As many as 50 ambulances were dispatched to the crash site. The bodies of 150 victims, some still strapped to their seats, had been pulled from the wreckage, Sky News reported.

Egyptian officials said they won’t know what caused the crash until they examine the aircraft's flight's recorders, or ""black boxes"" which were recovered.

The wife of the co-pilot of the plane that crashed said late Saturday her husband had complained about the plane's condition, according to a Russian TV channel.

In an interview with state-controlled NTV, Natalya Trukhacheva, identified as the wife of co-pilot Sergei Trukachev, said her daughter ""called him up before he flew out. He complained before the flight that the technical condition of the aircraft left much to be desired.""

The Egyptian officials said the aircraft was cruising at 36,000 feet when contact with the jet was lost. Flight-tracking service FlightRadar24 said the plane was losing altitude at about 6,000 feet per minute before the signal was lost, Reuters reported.

Adel Mahgoub, chairman of the state company that runs Egypt's civilian airports, said except for three Ukrainian passengers all on board were Russian citizens.

An Egyptian cabinet statement said the 217 passengers included 138 women, 62 men and 17 children, ranging in age from 2 to 17.

A security officer at the crash site who spoke to Reuters on condition of anonymity described it as “tragic.”

“A lot of dead on the ground and many who died (were) strapped to their seats,"" the officer said. ""The plane split into two, a small part on the tail end that burned and a larger part that crashed into a rock.”

Egyptian Prime Minister Sherif Ismail flew to the crash site with several cabinet ministers on a private jet, Egypt’s tourism ministry said, according to Reuters.

Mahgoub said the aircraft had successfully undergone technical checks while at Sharm el-Sheikh's airport. A technical committee from the company was headed to Sharm el-Sheikh to collect security camera footage of the plane while it sat at the airport, including operations to supply it with fuel and passenger meals as well security checks, he said.

Airbus said the aircraft was 18 years old and had been operated by Metrojet since 2012, Reuters reported. The plane had accumulated around 56,000 flight hours in nearly 21,000 flights.

Moscow-based Metrojet said the A321 underwent required factory maintenance in 2014 and was in good condition. The airliner said plane’s captain Valery Nemov had 12,000 air hours of experience, including 3,860 in A321s.

Russian media said the airliner was operating a charter flight under contract with the Brisco tour company in St. Petersburg.

Separately, Russia's top investigative body opened its own investigation into the crash.

Militants in northern Sinai have not to date shot down commercial airliners or fighter-jets. There have been persistent media reports that they have acquired Russian shoulder-fired, anti-aircraft missiles. But these types of missiles can only be effective against low-flying aircraft or helicopters. In January 2014, Sinai-based militants claimed to have shot down a military helicopter; Egyptian officials at the time acknowledged the helicopter had crashed, but gave no reason.

Russian television showed scenes of relatives and friends gathering at St. Petersburg's Pulkovo airport, awaiting word on the fate of their loved ones. Russian President Vladimir Putin declared Nov. 1 a national day of mourning, according to a statement posted on the Kremlin's website.

Two of the passengers on the Metrojet flight, Elena Rodina and Alexqander Krotov, were newlyweds, a friend of the couple told the Associated Press at a hotel near the airport. They were both 33.

Yulia Zaitseva said Rodina “really wanted to go to Egypt, though I told her ‘why the hell do you want to go to Egypt?’”

“We were friends for 20 years,” she said. “She was a very good friend who was ready to give everything to other people. To lose such a friend is like having your hand cut off.”

She said Rodina's parents feel “like their lives are over.”

Roughly three million Russian tourists, or nearly a third of all visitors in 2014, come to Egypt every year, mostly to Red Sea resorts in Sinai or in mainland Egypt.

Click here for more from Sky News.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2008,Jeb on running as a Bush: 'Interesting challenge',A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
5066,Will Bill Clinton's best effort be enough?,"Ed Morrissey is senior editor at HotAir.com, a columnist for The Week and The Fiscal Times, and author of ""Going Red: The Two Million Voters Who Will Elect the Next President -- and How Conservatives Can Win Them."" The views expressed are his own.

Traditionally, the spouses of major-party nominees get a speaking slot at the national convention to humanize the candidate. Former presidents speak to remind the faithful of their history. Bill Clinton falls into both categories, but he had a far more difficult task in closing out the second night of the Democratic convention in Philadelphia on Tuesday night; he needed to find a way to knit the party back together again.

That's a tall order, and not just because the evening started with a walkout involving hundreds of Bernie Sanders delegates, according to one estimate . A generation has passed since the former president ascended to lead the Democratic Party as the first baby boomer major-party nominee, and then defeated the last of the World War II presidents.

Back then, Bill used his enormous natural political talent to fuse the New Left with working class Democrats, while ""triangulating"" on the Republican agenda to carve a centrist path in governance.

Twenty-four years later, it's not Bill Clinton's Democratic Party. It might not be Hillary Clinton's Democratic Party. If it hadn't been for the establishment-protecting superdelegates and the Democratic National Convention's efforts to tip the primary scales in her favor, it would likely have been Bernie Sanders' Democratic Party -- and on Tuesday in Philadelphia, with hundreds of empty seats staring back at the stage, it certainly looked as though it was.

Twenty-four years later, Bill Clinton isn't the same, youthful physical force, either. At times he seemed frail and at one point a bit distracted. However, Clinton proved that his political instincts haven't dimmed much at all. Rather than take on the task of unifying through direct debate, Clinton delivered a masterful soft-sell by walking through a personal history of his wife that tried to answer the divides in the party.",1
3639,At least 12 dead in shooting at office of satirical French magazine,"BREAKING: Black-clad gunmen stormed the Paris offices of a satirical newspaper known for lampooning Islamic radicals early Wednesday, killing 12 and injuring as many as 15 before escaping, French officials said.

As many as three Kalashnikov-toting shooters were being sought after the attack at Charlie Hebdo, the newspaper known for challenging Muslim terrorists with a 2011 caricature of Prophet Mohammed on its cover and which recently tweeted a cartoon of Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. Two policemen and several journalists - including the cartoonist behind the newspaper's provocative images, were among the dead.

“We’ve avenged the honor of the prophet!” the killers shouted, according to witnesses who spoke to Sky News. The gunmen spoke French without any accent, according to Le Monde

The gunmen fled in a stolen car, and may have quickly ditched it and disappeared into the French capital's subway system, according to reports. A pedestrian has been injured by the terrorist’s vehicle, and there has been a second shootout, according to Le Figaro.

French President Francois Hollande branded the attack an act of terrorism and claimed that several other potential terror attacks had been thwarted ""in recent weeks."" Hollande added that the newspaper had been threatened in the past and was already under police protection and surveillance.

“This is a terrorist attack, there is no doubt about it,” Hollande told reporters.

Elsewhere in France, newspaper offices, shopping centers, museums and stations were placed under police protection.

Officials said the men walked into the ground floor of the newspaper's offices and began shooting before making their way up to the first floor. As they fled the scene, they shot at arriving policemen.

“It was a real butchery,” Rocco Contento, a spokesman for the Unité police union, told The Guardian.

Benoit Bringer, a journalist from the agency Premieres Lignes Tele, whose offices are next door, told the Telegraph he took refuge on the building's roof.

""Three policemen arrived by push bike, but they left naturally as the attackers were armed,"" he said.

The newspaper's offices are in the trendy 11th arrondissement of Paris, which includes posh restaurants and retail shops.

Charlie Hebdo's offices were firebombed in 2011 after a spoof issue featuring a caricature of the Prophet Muhammad on its cover. Nearly a year later, the magazine published crude Muhammad caricatures, drawing denunciations around the Muslim world. One of the dead in Wednesday's attack was satirical cartoonist Stephane Charbonnier, the newspaper's editorial director and the artist behind the caricatures that offended jihadists. He was the subject of a fatwah, and there is a Facebook page called ""Execute Stephane Charbonnier.""

British Prime Minister David Cameron condemned the attack and vowed solidarity with France.

""The murders in Paris are sickening,"" Cameron said. ""We stand with the French people in the fight against terror and defending the freedom of the press.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2833,"Iran, world powers agree to nuclear deal","Iran and the United States and its negotiating partners finally reached agreement Tuesday on a deal that would curb Iran's nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief -- setting up a looming showdown between President Obama and Congress, where lawmakers could take issue with several provisions, including one giving Iran leverage over inspections.

Speaking from the White House, Obama claimed the deal meets ""every single one of the bottom lines"" from a tentative agreement struck earlier this year.

""Every pathway to a nuclear weapon is cut off,"" Obama said, claiming it provides for extensive inspections. ""This deal is not built on trust. It is built on verification.""

Yet that very issue could be the primary sticking point going forward.

While some members of Congress had urged comprehensive inspections of Iran's nuclear sites, the deal in hand gives Iran much leverage over that process. The agreement requires international inspectors to ask Iran's permission first, after which Iran has 14 days to decide whether to grant it. If not, the same group of nations that struck the deal would have another 10 days to make their decision about what to do next. While the international group may have final say, the set-up essentially gives Iran 24 days to drag out the process, though officials say this is not enough time to hide all evidence of illicit conduct.

Already, some on Capitol Hill were warning about the implications of the deal; lawmakers will have 60 days to review and vote on the agreement. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., said the deal ""appears to further the flawed elements of April's interim agreement.""

But Obama said it would be ""irresponsible"" to walk away and vowed to veto any attempt to crush the agreement.

""No deal means a greater chance of more war in the Middle East,"" Obama said.

Diplomats struck the deal after the latest 18-day round of intense and often fractious negotiations in Vienna, Austria blew through several self-imposed deadlines. A final meeting between the foreign ministers of Iran, the United States, Britain, China, France, Germany and Russia was held Tuesday morning.

Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif described the accord as ""a historic moment"" as he attended the final session.

""We are reaching an agreement that is not perfect for anybody, but it is what we could accomplish,"" Zarif continued, ""and it is an important achievement for all of us. Today could have been the end of hope on this issue. But now we are starting a new chapter of hope.""

Federica Mogherini, the European Union foreign policy chief, called it ""a sign of hope for the entire world.""

The accord is meant to keep Iran from producing enough material for a nuclear weapon for at least 10 years and will impose new provisions for inspections of Iranian facilities, including military sites.

Diplomats said Iran agreed to the continuation of a United Nations arms embargo on the country for up to five more years, though it could end earlier if the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) definitively clears Iran of any current work on nuclear weapons. A similar condition was put on U.N. restrictions on the transfer of ballistic missile technology to Tehran, which could last for up to eight more years.

According to officials, Iran also had agreed to a so-called ""snapback"" provision, under which sanctions could be reinstated if it violates the agreement.

Washington had sought to maintain the ban on Iran importing and exporting weapons, concerned that an Islamic theocracy flush with cash from the nuclear deal would expand its military assistance for Syrian President Bashar Assad's government, Yemen's Houthi rebels, the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah and other forces opposing America's Mideast allies such as Saudi Arabia and Israel.

Iranian leaders insisted the embargo had to end as their forces combat regional scourges such as ISIS. And they got some support from China and particularly Russia, which wants to expand military cooperation and arms sales to Tehran, including the long-delayed transfer of S-300 advanced air defense systems -- a move long opposed by the United States.

The last major sticking point -- which could still cause problems on Capitol Hill -- appeared to be whether international weapons inspectors would be given access to Iranian nuclear sites. The deal includes a compromise between Washington and Tehran that would allow U.N. inspectors to press for visits to Iranian military sites as part of their monitoring duties. However, access at will to any site would not necessarily be granted and even if so, could be delayed, a condition that critics of the deal are sure to seize on as possibly giving Tehran time to cover any sign of non-compliance with its commitments.

Under the deal, Tehran would have the right to challenge the U.N. request and an arbitration board composed of Iran and the six world powers that negotiated with it would have to decide on the issue. Such an arrangement would still be a notable departure from assertions by top Iranian officials, including supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, that their country would never allow the IAEA into such sites. Iran has argued that such visits by the IAEA would be a cover for spying on its military secrets.

The IAEA also wants the access to complete its long-stymied investigation of past weapons work by Iran, and the U.S. says Iranian cooperation is needed for all economic sanctions to be lifted. IAEA chief Yukiya Amano said Tuesday his agency and Iran had signed a ""roadmap"" to resolve outstanding concerns.

""This is a significant step forward towards clarifying outstanding issues regarding Iran’s nuclear program,"" Amano said in a statement released Tuesday.

The economic benefits for Iran are potentially massive. It stands to receive more than $100 billion in assets frozen overseas, and an end to a European oil embargo and various financial restrictions on Iranian banks.

The overall nuclear deal comes after nearly a decade of international, intercontinental diplomacy that until recently was defined by failure. Breaks in the talks sometimes lasted for months, and Iran's nascent nuclear program expanded into one that Western intelligence agencies saw as only a couple of months away from weapons capacity. The U.S. and Israel both threatened possible military responses.

The United States joined the negotiations in 2008, and U.S. and Iranian officials met together secretly four years later in Oman to see if diplomatic progress was possible. But the process remained essentially stalemated until summer 2013, when Hassan Rouhani was elected president and declared his country ready for serious compromise.

More secret U.S.-Iranian discussions followed, culminating in a face-to-face meeting between Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif at the United Nations in September 2013 and a telephone conversation between Rouhani and Obama. That conversation marked the two countries' highest diplomatic exchange since Iran's 1979 Islamic Revolution and the ensuing hostage crisis at the American embassy in Tehran.

Kerry and Zarif took the lead in the negotiations. Two months later, in Geneva, Iran and the six powers announced an interim agreement that temporarily curbed Tehran's nuclear program and unfroze some Iranian assets while setting the stage for Tuesday's comprehensive accord.

Protracted negotiations still lie ahead to put the agreement into practice and deep suspicion reigns on all sides about violations that could unravel the accord. And spoilers abound.

In the United States, Congress has a 60-day review period during which Obama cannot make good on any concessions to the Iranians. U.S. lawmakers could hold a vote of disapproval and take further action. If Obama vetoes, Congress would need to muster a two-thirds majority to override.

Iranian hardliners oppose dismantling a nuclear program the country has spent hundreds of billions of dollars developing. Khamenei, while supportive of his negotiators thus far, has issued a series of defiant red lines that may be impossible to reconcile in a deal with the West.

And further afield, Israel will strongly oppose the outcome. It sees the acceptance of extensive Iranian nuclear infrastructure and continued nuclear activity as a mortal threat, and has warned that it could take military action on its own, if necessary.

The deal is a ""bad mistake of historic proportions,"" Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Tuesday, adding that it would enable Iran to ""continue to pursue its aggression and terror in the region.""

Sunni Arab rivals of Shiite Iran are none too happy, either, with Saudi Arabia in particularly issuing veiled threats to develop its own nuclear program.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3478,Supreme Court Throws Out Ruling On Obamacare Contraception Mandate,"WASHINGTON, March 9 (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday threw out an appeals court decision that went against the University of Notre Dame over its religious objections to the Obamacare health law's contraception requirement.

The justices asked the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals to reconsider its decision in favor of the Obama administration in light of the June 2014 Supreme Court ruling that allowed closely held corporations to seek exemptions from the provision.

The court's action means the February 2014 appeals court ruling that denied the South Bend, Indiana-based Roman Catholic university an injunction against the requirement has been wiped out.

The 2010 Affordable Care Act, known widely as Obamacare, requires employers to provide health insurance policies that cover preventive services for women including access to contraception and sterilization.

In the 2014 ruling, the high court said that Hobby Lobby Stores Ltd could, on religious grounds, seek exemptions from the contraception provision.

Days later, in a case similar to the Notre Dame dispute, the Supreme Court allowed a college in Illinois a temporary exemption while litigation continues.

Catholic groups say they should not have to pay for or facilitate access to contraception or abortion because of religious objections.

But courts that have considered the issue since then have found that a compromise aimed at nonprofits with religious affiliations, issued in 2013 and amended in August 2014, did not impose a substantial burden on the plaintiffs' religious beliefs. Religious rights are protected under a law called the Religious Freedom Restoration Act.

The Notre Dame case was the only appeals court decision on that issue that pre-dated the Hobby Lobby ruling.

The compromise allows the groups to certify they are opting out, which then forces insurers to pick up the tab.

Notre Dame says the certification process still essentially forces the groups to authorize the coverage for its employees, even if they are not technically paying for it. Religious institutions are exempt from the contraception coverage requirement.

The case is Notre Dame v. Burwell, U.S. Supreme Court, No. 14-392. (Reporting by Lawrence Hurley; Editing by Will Dunham)",1
5222,"In era of Trump, spin cycle gets a makeover","It's debate season, where social media has brought political spin into real time, favoring speed over contemplation and risking a hardening of polarization.

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks with reporters in the spin room after the first presidential debate against Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton at Hofstra University, on Monday, Sept. 26, 2016, in Hempstead, N.Y.

The next big debate of the 2016 campaign is a day away, and pre-event “spin” is in full gear.

Here’s how it goes: Our guy is great, and your guy can’t help your nominee, who’s hopeless. Reverse the names, rinse, and repeat.

The spin will go on in real time via social media and email while Gov. Mike Pence (R) of Indiana and Sen. Tim Kaine (D) of Virginia duke it out Tuesday night in the campaign’s one and only vice presidential debate. And after it’s over, efforts to sway the media narrative and, ultimately, public opinion will continue, perhaps for days.

Image-making has been around since the beginning of the Republic, but in the era of social media, the art of spin may be changing in profound ways.

Consider Walter Podrazik’s class on mass media and politics at the University of Illinois at Chicago. The day after the first Trump-Clinton debate, he asked his students what struck them about the spin.

Spin? They didn’t need to stick around for that, they told Mr. Podrazik. “They had already experienced it, via Twitter, Facebook, and other shared messaging, in real time, while the debate unfolded,” he says.

The “before” and “after” spinning is likely to be with us forever, but it’s the “during” part that has changed the game, thanks to social media. For those who enjoy real-time commentary, experiencing a debate solely within one’s own social-media ecosystem may point to a hardening of the ideological silos that people inhabit – and perhaps a hardening of political polarization.

“Research shows that we tend to interact on social media with people who are kind of like us,” says David Redlawsk, a political scientist at the University of Delaware, Newark, and author of the book “How Voters Decide.” “We don’t get overly challenged on our beliefs.”

That may be no different from old-style socializing – at the Rotary Club or the women’s club or the neighborhood corner hangout. But more than ever with major political events, social media has brought analysis and spin into real time, favoring speed over contemplation and setting in motion a narrative that can be hard to change.

At the same time, social media can have a democratizing effect. Anybody can jump in with a pithy comment or observation.

Perhaps Podrazik’s students are a harbinger of the future – a world in which a presidential debate ends, and is immediately followed on TV by … regularly scheduled programing, not pundits offering analysis and partisans trying to shape impressions of what just happened. And at the debate venue itself, maybe there’s no more “spin alley,” the place where reporters go for a post-game scrum with candidate surrogates.

“No spin alley,” in fact, was one recommendation last year by the Annenberg Working Group on Presidential Debate Reform. The spin room is a “tired ritual” that adds to the “spectacle” and cost of the debates, and takes away from the real purpose – to get the candidates to hash out the issues of the day, the group’s report said. And besides, the spin is already happening via email and Twitter, the report added, echoing Podrazik’s students.

The Commission on Presidential Debates saw things differently, and kept the spin room – and the live audience, and all the hoopla. Which fit right into Republican nominee Donald Trump’s plan.

As he did after many of the GOP primary debates, Mr. Trump headed straight for the spin room after Monday’s debate, a first for a major-party presidential nominee. But that’s Trump, the one-time reality TV star. If there’s a limelight, he wants to be in the middle of it – no matter how well (or not) he did in a debate.

So clearly, it’s too soon to write off the old way of experiencing political debates. After all, a record-breaking 84 million people watched the first Trump-Clinton debate on TV – and not everyone, of course, was simultaneously checking the blizzard of insta-punditry available online.

“TV is still more important than Twitter and Facebook,” says David Greenberg, author of the book “Republic of Spin.” “That may not be true in 20 years…. But for now, the average citizen interested in politics is going to watch the debates on a TV channel and will be at least somewhat interested in what the anchors and pundits have to say.”

Many people, too, are curious what the candidate “spinners” have to say. And as long as the ratings are there, the networks will keep showing it – “not because we believe it lock, stock, and barrel, but because it’s part of the process,” says Mr. Greenberg, an associate professor of history and of journalism and media studies at Rutgers University in New Brunswick, N.J.

Viewers know that it’s spin, he says, because it’s presented as such.

“We’re capable of arguing with it, criticizing it, and seeing through it, if it’s phony or cynical, and applauding it if it’s done in the service of the candidate we like and we think it’s effective,” Greenberg says. “So people aren’t easily duped by these arguments.”

Still, there are those who argue for just tuning out once a debate is over.

“I basically tell people after debates, shut the TV off,” says Kathleen Hall Jamieson, director of the Annenberg Public Policy Center at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia. “Get off social media, and ask yourself, ‘What was important to you? What did you learn that mattered to you?’ before all this other stuff crowds out your learning.”

Of course, anyone who did so last Monday night would have missed the unprecedented spectacle of Trump and his entourage descending upon the spin room. “All the online polls say I was the big winner,” he boasted. That’s about as spinny as it gets; instant online polls are notoriously unreliable. More-reputable polls showed Hillary Clinton winning big.

And those arguing for the abolishment of the spin room might well find a reporters’ revolt on their hands.

“First came Don King, the boxing promoter, clutching an Israeli flag and wearing a button with Donald Trump’s face the size of a sandwich,"" he reports. ""Then Omarosa, the Apprentice star, arrived in a low-cut dress and took selfies with the fans. Mark Cuban – the businessman, Dallas Mavericks owner, and Clinton supporter – recounted the joys of sitting in the front row of the debate.”

Perhaps it was more side show than real show. Though some actual information was imparted. Mr. Cuban said he’s not running for president. Trump said he felt the moderator, NBC’s Lester Holt, had done a “great job” (a view that soon changed). And hordes of campaign surrogates and party officials made their points to reporters, the standard fare of any spin room.

For reporters who have a hard time getting the campaigns to return phone calls, it’s a chance to grab facetime and a comment from a harried aide.

By the next day, the story had already evolved. Alicia Machado, the Venezuelan beauty queen whom Trump had fat-shamed 20 years ago – an episode raised by Clinton during the debate – became the center of attention, and remained there for days. Debate-night spin was soon old news. Now the Machado story dominates memories of the debate, just as Khizr Khan’s speech at the Democratic National Convention about his slain soldier-son (and Trump’s subsequent attacks on the Khan family) became a defining moment of that event.

As with the conventions, presidential debates have built up a lore of their own. And on occasion, post-debate commentary has shifted the perceptions of the outcome. In 1976, when President Ford debated Georgia Gov. Jimmy Carter, initial polls suggested Mr. Ford had won. Then the media highlighted Ford’s remark about “no Soviet domination of Eastern Europe,” and Mr. Carter and the media hammered him on it. Ford soon had to respond, and is forever remembered as having misspoken at that debate.

Today, perceptions in social media of how Trump and Clinton did in their first debate – that Clinton trounced him – tracked with the assessments of pundits and polls.

“It was kind of hard to come to any other conclusion,” says Greenberg. “One does have to trust in free speech and the ability of people to make judgments.""

By week’s end, Trump had engaged in a sort of anti-spin via social media – a middle-of-the-night tweet storm attacking Machado that has only harmed Trump’s image further. And therein lies the irony in the role of social media in the 2016 campaign. No amount of spinning – on social media or otherwise – can undo what Trump does to himself when he decides to rage on Twitter at 3 o’clock in the morning.

Then quickly enough, another big story pops: Trump tax documents leaked to The New York Times showing a $916 million loss in 1995 that would have allowed him to avoid paying taxes for 18 years. And it’s on to another spin cycle – both the old-fashioned kind and on Twitter.",1
1250,Clinton Camp in Damage-Control Mode Over 'Top Secret' Emails,The latest revelations on Hillary's emails again point to one thing → She is disqualified from being president. https://t.co/Wni9LmSPpR,1
855,"Clinton rails against big banks, but refuses to release Wall Street speeches","Fresh off a New York primary win that all but gave her the Democratic presidential nomination, Hillary Clinton channeled a little Bernie Sanders on Thursday, railing against big banks while at the same time side-stepping one of Sanders' campaign demands to release transcripts of her Wall Street speeches.

Speaking during a “Good Morning America” Town Hall after her 58-42 drubbing of Sanders in Tuesday’s primary, Clinton said the two candidates generally agreed on many issues, and she used rhetoric reminiscent of the Vermont senator to drive her point home.

“I know that we both – Senator Sanders and I – we want to tackle inequality,” Clinton said. “We want to raise the minimum wage. We want to make sure that people who are putting our economy at risk are reined in, regulated.

“No bank is too big to fail, no executive too powerful to jail. We share those views.”

But many of Clinton’s critics, particularly on the left, question her authenticity on the topic of income inequality. At issue is a series of highly-paid speeches she made to security firms and banks, such as Goldman Sachs, after her tenure as Secretary of State. The content of those speeches has remained private, and Sanders has called on Clinton to release them. Clinton has refused.

“Now there’s a new request to release transcripts of speeches that have been given,” Clinton said. “When everybody agrees to do that, I will as well. Because I think it’s important we all abide by the same standard.”

Clinton said she didn’t regret giving the controversial speeches.

“I, like everybody who served as secretary of state, have a unique perspective,” she said, citing Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice as former secretaries of state who have made speeches after leaving office. “When you leave the secretary of state office, people from all perspectives want to know, ‘What do you think’s going on in the world?’ I think that’s actually a useful conversation. Like all my predecessors I gave speeches to a wide variety of groups and it was predominantly about what’s going on in the world.”",1
1223,Mitt Romney Could Soon Endorse Marco Rubio. Will Jeb Join Him?,"Jeb Bush’s resignation from the presidential race has already set off a chain reaction within the G.O.P., with The Huffington Post reporting Mitt Romney is set to endorse Marco Rubio following his strong second-place finish in Saturday’s South Carolina primary. And, according to Politico, the pressure is already on for Bush to do the same.

Though details of Romney’s endorsement are “still being worked out” as of this morning, sources tell The Huffington Post that Romney has been “eager to provide his backing to Rubio for days” but hesitated out of respect for Bush. His endorsement could come before Tuesday’s G.O.P. caucuses in Nevada, which dedicated Romneyists will recall were twice won by Romney himself.

For his part, though, Rubio doesn’t believe the Romney endorsement is coming anytime soon. “Well, that report is false,” he told CNN of the Romney rumors on Sunday. “I have no reason to believe that he’s anywhere near endorsing anyone. We would love to have his endorsement, but there’s nothing forthcoming. I don’t know where those reports are coming from, but they’re false.”

Should Romney indeed endorse Rubio, his backing would make sense, as he and Rubio have a history: Rubio once made Romney’s VP shortlist, and Rubio once chilled at Romney’s New Hampshire vacation home on the Fourth of July, which is the most Republican sentence that has ever been written. Romney’s seal of approval is key in that it suggests establishment Republican leaders are finally ready to “coalesce” around Rubio, rallying together to defeat the waking nightmare that is Donald Trump’s current front-running status.

On the Jeb-endorsing-Rubio front, things are less clear-cut. The two fellow Floridians spent months savaging each other on the campaign trail, and Bush dropped out of the race because Rubio essentially destroyed him in South Carolina. Bush needs a few days to cool off, call his mom, and secure his invite to Romney’s New Hampshire vacation home before he’s ready to address the Florida politicos who are chomping at the bit to know whether he’ll “endorse the man he long called a friend” in public but apparently lambastes in private—sometimes in “strikingly personal overtones,” according to Politico. If Bush decides not to endorse Rubio, it will mark a significant political rift in Florida—a state where, it should be mentioned, Trump remains far ahead in the polls.

The clock is ticking for both possible endorsements: Floridians are already voting by absentee ballot for the March 15 primary, which means somebody needs to tell them who the hell to vote for before it’s too late and Trump wins the nomination. “No one knows what’s going to happen,” an anonymous Florida House Republican told Politico. “There are a lot of hard feelings. We’ll have to wait till the dust settles. Make that, the dirt. Once the dirt settles.”",1
3590,Charlie Hebdo editor-in-chief: ‘Religion should not be a political argument.’,"Gérard Biard, editor in chief of Charlie Hebdo, went on ""Meet the Press"" on Sunday to discuss the French satirical newspaper's treatment of religion in the aftermath of the attack on its Paris office this month. Across all the Sunday shows this weekend, Charlie Hebdo was what nearly everyone wanted to talk about.

Biard said repeatedly that the newspaper does not ""attack religion, but [it does] when it gets involved in politics.""

The editor in chief also addressed those newspapers in democratic countries that declined to publish Charlie Hebdo cartoons after the attack.

""When they refuse to publish this cartoon ... they blur out democracy, secularism, freedom of religion, and they insult the citizenship,"" Biard said.

Host Chuck Todd also asked Biard to respond to Pope Francis's assertion that “one cannot provoke, one cannot insult other people’s faith, one cannot make fun of faith. There is a limit. Every religion has its dignity … in freedom of expression there are limits.”

""Every time we draw a cartoon of Muhammad, every time we draw a cartoon of the prophets, every time we draw a cartoon of God, we defend the freedom of religion, we declare that God must not be a political or public figure,"" Biard said. ""He must be a private figure.""

He went on to say that ""religion should not be a political argument. If faith, if religious arguments step into the political arena, it becomes a totalitarian argument. Secularism protects us against this. Secularism guarantees democracy and assures peace. Secularism allows all believers and all non-believers to live in peace, and that is what we defend.""

An editorial that ran in Charlie Hebdo last week mentioned the attention that the newspaper has been getting in unlikely places. ""For a week now, Charlie, an atheist magazine, has accomplished more miracles than all the saints and prophets together,"" the staff noted, later adding,""What made us laugh the most is that the bells of Notre Dame rang in our honor.""

Biard was not in Paris at the time of the attack, but he said that those who had survived the attack ""up close"" ""are trying individually to understand why they escaped unharmed.""

""It's very difficult to process because one obviously feels an enormous relief mixed with a sense of guilt,"" he said.",1
3898,Ashton Carter Is Sworn In As Obama's 4th Defense Secretary,"Ashton Carter Is Sworn In As Obama's 4th Defense Secretary

The cold and snow that walloped Washington overnight didn't stop Ashton Carter from reporting for work Tuesday. Carter was sworn in as the 25th U.S. Secretary of Defense after starting his day with meetings at the Pentagon.

Sworn in by Vice President Biden at the White House Tuesday, Carter formally replaces Chuck Hagel, becoming President Obama's fourth defense chief in the past six years.

Carter's debut at the Pentagon this morning was briefly interrupted when his wife, Stephanie, ""slipped and fell on the icy pavement,"" the AP reports. ""She laughed it off, and officials indicated she was not injured.""

In taking the Pentagon's top job, Carter rounds out a career that has included several stints with the Department of Defense, from leading the acquisitions unit to being deputy defense secretary.

NPR's John Burnett gives an overview of Carter's biography:

""Ashton Carter is 60 years old; he's a Yale graduate and was a Rhodes Scholar in theoretical physics at Oxford. He never served in the military; he was a long-time faculty member of the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard, and he's the author or co-author of 11 books.""

As Carter takes his post, he inherits a crowded list of important priorities for the Department of Defense:

""Carter is expected to testify on Capitol Hill soon about the Defense Department's annual budget request that was released in early February. He'll be setting the stage for a big budget battle as the Pentagon seeks $534 billion for next year, significantly more than the $499 billion spending cap imposed by the law known as sequestration.""",1
2816,Historic nuclear deal reached in Vienna: What does it mean for Iran?,"Negotiators hail nuclear deal, reached after more than three years of talks, as a 'win-win.' For Iran, the deal to curb its nuclear program and greatly open it up to international scrutiny should pave a path to economic revival, analysts say.

From left to right, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi, French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius, German Foreign Minister Frank Walter Steinmeier, European Union High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Federica Mogherini, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, Head of the Iranian Atomic Energy Organization Ali Akbar Salehi, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammon, US Secretary of State John Kerry and US Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz pose for a group picture at the United Nations building in Vienna, Austria, Tuesday. After 18 days of intense and often fractious negotiation, world powers and Iran struck a landmark deal Tuesday to curb Iran's nuclear program in exchange for billions of dollars in relief from international sanctions on an agreement designed to avert the threat of a nuclear-armed Iran and another US military intervention in the Muslim world.

Iran's president Hassan Rouhani addresses the nation in a televised speech minutes after a landmark nuclear agreement was announced in Vienna, in Tehran, Iran, Tuesday, July 14, 2015. After long, fractious negotiations, world powers and Iran struck a historic deal Tuesday to curb Iran's nuclear program in exchange for billions of dollars in relief from international sanctions – an agreement aimed at averting the threat of a nuclear-armed Iran and another US military intervention in the Middle East.

Iran and six world powers led by the United States have reached a historic agreement, a victory of diplomacy over war that verifiably limits Iran’s nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of sanctions.

Hailed by negotiators as striking a “win-win” balance, amid significant compromises by both sides, the complex and detailed agreement – running to 159 pages, with annexes – caps a 13-year dispute over Iran’s nuclear program that resulted in more than three years of talks, including the last 20 months of intensive negotiations in Switzerland and Austria.

The final – sometimes angry and emotional – 18-day push in the Austrian capital, Vienna, blew through four self-imposed deadlines before a deal was reached early Tuesday.

American officials say the agreement effectively cuts off four possible pathways to a nuclear weapon for more than a decade by strictly limiting Iran’s uranium enrichment capacity, stockpiles of nuclear material, and use of facilities, and by adding far more intrusive inspections.

Iranian officials say the deal will prove that Iran has no desire for nuclear weapons, and that it can pave the way for cooperation on other issues afflicting the Middle East.

“Today could have been the end of hope on this issue, but now we are starting a new chapter of hope, and let’s build on that,” said Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif. He said the deal was “not perfect for anybody,” but could “open new horizons for dealing with [other] serious problems.”

The deal is a “new chapter” and shows that diplomacy can “overcome decades of tensions and confrontations,” said Federica Mogherini, the European foreign policy chief who has led the talks on behalf of the so-called P5+1 group – the five permanent members of the UN Security Council (the US, Russia, China, Britain, and France) and Germany.

""With courage, political will and mutual respect, we delivered what the world was hoping for,"" said Ms. Mogherini. ""A shared commitment to peace, and to join hands in order to make our world safer.""

The deal, which follows a diplomatic process often overshadowed by the risk of war, is bound to have a profound effect on Iran, and raises the question of how the Islamic Republic’s regional role might change, if at all.

Will the Islamic Republic be empowered by a $100 billion post-sanctions windfall, as some of its rivals have warned, to exert more influence in the region via proxy armed forces that threaten Israel, Saudi Arabia, or other US allies?

Or will Iran – which faces regional challenges such as the Islamic State (IS) jihadists, sectarian strife, and the conflicts engulfing Syria, Iraq, and Yemen – look for areas of overlapping interests with the US and focus instead on its crippled economy?

The short answer, say analysts who know Iran, is the pocketbook: Tehran’s top priority will be resuscitating the economy as sanctions ease to improve the daily lives of 80 million Iranians and ensure stability at home. That issue helped elect President Hassan Rouhani in 2013.

“The mood is really for renewal rather than expansion, and to revive the economy and to keep the country going,” says Shahram Chubin, an Iran analyst with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Geneva.

“I don’t think [the nuclear deal] will empower them to think that now they can run riot in the region at all,” he says. “After all the neglect that happened these last few years, they really have a lot of catching up to do, for the quality of life for their own people.”

For decades, Iran has opposed the US-dominated regional order and challenged Israel and US allies in the Gulf like Saudi Arabia, notes Mr. Chubin.

“Now … the ‘regional order’ has collapsed; nobody’s in charge of it,” and in some places like Iraq and Afghanistan, the interests of Iran and America overlap for the first time, he says. The result is the nuclear deal isn’t the end, rather “it’s the beginning of a process.”

Indeed, both President Barack Obama and Iran’s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, have hinted that a successful nuclear deal could be the basis of future negotiations.

Moreover, resolving the once-intractable nuclear issue is an example of what may be possible, say Iran analysts, with other hard-to-crack problems like Syria, where Iran’s policies and interventions are diametrically opposed to Western ones.

So what are the key factors likely to shape Iran’s post-deal actions, at home and abroad?

Despite warnings from some US and Israeli politicians that Iran would use the freed-up revenues from the deal to spread “regional mischief,” the talk inside Iran focuses on easing economic pain.

“Those who say sanctions are not important don’t know what is happening in people’s pockets,” Mr. Rouhani said at a provincial rally in late June. He promised that with the deal “we will enrich both uranium and the economy.”

Since Iran’s oil industry – the country’s main source of foreign currency – is still state-owned and revenue flows through the central bank, the Rouhani administration “will get first dibs, and they have [domestic] priorities right now,” says Kevan Harris, of the Center for Iran and Persian Gulf Studies at Princeton University.

Iranians have been stung by soaring inflation in recent years, raising the cost of everything from tomatoes to medicine. So Iranian politicians have been talking up the economic benefit of sanctions removal, from foreign investments to more employment.

In April, lawmaker Ahmad Tavakkoli said Iran’s human resources, diverse climate, and geopolitical situation “have not been effectively used,” and that “concentrating on foreign issues would waste such opportunities and keep us away from reality.”

Estimates of Iran’s spending needs are vast, according to data compiled by Bijan Khajehpour, head of the Vienna-based arm of the Iran analytical firm, Atieh International. Rouhani’s top priority is the “empowerment of domestic industry,” including for export, and creating more value in the energy sector – all of which make jobs, he said in a presentation June 29.

But the initial pricetag will be $122 billion, with the banking sector alone requiring  $25 billion to partly settle the previous government’s debts, estimates Mr. Khajehpour. Construction contracts, with their multiplier effects on jobs and the economy, will require a minimum of $30 billion, and the petroleum industry will need an interim $40 billion – just over half of the $70 billion necessary to bring oil production levels back to 2012 levels. Another $7 billion will be required for infrastructure projects from the Internet to telecoms.

Lifting sanctions will “be surely felt in people’s lives long-term,” said MP Abouzar Nadimi, deputy chair of parliament’s Economic Commission, in April. The nuclear deal will lead industry “to fulfill its full capacity.""

The nuclear deal was achieved even as the Middle East lurches into its most volatile period in decades.

While some Iranian officials hold fast to the rhetoric of “resistance” against US and Israeli influence – claiming that the ideals of Iran’s 1979 Islamic revolution are spreading – others recognize that Iran and the US are on the same side when it comes to fighting Sunni militants.

But will this deal enable a more antagonistic Iranian posture? Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu – who tried to block it – said in March that Iran was “gobbling up four countries right now,” and would control more if sanctions were lifted.

And Martin Indyk, a former senior US official now at the Brookings Institution, testified to the Senate in early June that a new regional security network must “contain and roll-back Iran’s nefarious hegemonic ambitions.”

But as painful as they have been for Iran’s economy, the sanctions have hardly been a deterrent to its military endeavors: Iran has still rearmed Lebanese Hezbollah with tens of thousands of rockets for any future battle with Israel; spent billions of dollars a year backing Syria’s President Bashar al-Assad in a war that has taken more than 220,000 lives; and resurrected Shiite militias in Iraq to fight IS – ironically in concert with US airstrikes.

“I don’t think the release of funds, which after all is going to be very gradual, is going to change the pace or intensity of any of [Iran’s] significant involvements,” says Richard Dalton, a former British ambassador to Iran now at the Chatham House think tank in London.

“It’s all very opaque, so we don’t know whether there’s updating of a Hezbollah capability, or they have a wish list from Assad that they’ve been gagging to respond to and haven’t been able to,” he says. “There could be. But ... these will be incremental.”

From Beirut to Kabul, Iran’s model now is defensive, says Carnegie’s Chubin. Syria, especially, has been costly in cash and dead Iranian generals, and also has tarnished Hezbollah. “Iran is not madcap about doing more,” he says.

The narrative that Iran will “plow its hard-won sanctions relief into regional adventurism … is powerful, compelling, and frightening. It is also not true,” wrote Richard Nephew, a former director for Iran at the US National Security Council and former member of the US nuclear negotiating team, in a mid-June column for Reuters.

Such analysis defies history, he argued, because when Iran had $100 billion in restricted oil funds just over two years ago, it “was not plowing it all into Assad, the Houthis [in Yemen] or troublemaking along the Gulf.” When Iran was making $88 billion a year from high oil prices in 2012, he wrote, “no one alleges that all of that money was going to terrorists.”

With the nuclear deal done, the European Council on Foreign Relations is proposing engagement with Iran. In a report this week, the London-based think tank calls for “high-level and high-intensity” talks similar to the nuclear negotiations, to focus on “de-escalation and conflict resolution.”

Princeton’s Mr. Harris argues for just such an approach.

“The places where Iran has influence tend to be the places where the region has collapsed,” he says. “If one truly believes that Iran is on the march, then the best way to block it is to come up with a regionally-agreed-upon pathway to a more stable Middle East.”

Despite the nuclear deal triumph and unprecedented face time between top diplomats, US-Iran détente is not around the corner.

The US last month declared that “Iran’s state sponsorship of terrorism worldwide remained undiminished” in 2014. And in Iran, hardliners still chant “Death to America,” even in parliament.

Throughout the nuclear talks, Khamenei often described his mistrust of the US, and listed the reasons why. If before the deal that level of suspicion scored 100, now Khamenei’s “inherent distrust of the US is going to stay at 85 or 90,” says Dalton of Chatham House.

He expects ad hoc US-Iran consultations on overlapping interests “to move things forward incrementally,” but no pro-Iran tilt in Washington that disadvantages either Israel or America’s Gulf allies. At least both the US and Iran now can “pick up the phone and know who to talk to.”

“Diplomatic communication is going to be more effective,” says Dalton. “But whether [it] will be more influential? That is a completely different question.”",1
883,Can Cruz-Kasich strategy really stop Trump?,"Mel Robbins is a CNN commentator, legal analyst, best-selling author and keynote speaker. In 2014, she was named outstanding news talk-radio host by the Gracie Awards. This op-ed includes language that some might find offensive. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.

In what will either go down in history as a brilliant strategy shift or an embarrassing, losing gambit, GOP opponents John Kasich and Ted Cruz have announced they are joining forces to take down their common rival, Donald Trump.

Trump's response was fast and ""on brand."" In a tweet he wrote that it was desperation for the two to ""collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination.""

Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!

For months pundits and politicians have speculated that there would be backroom dealings aimed at denying Trump a first-ballot win and a brokered Republican Convention this summer. That speculation is over; there is going to be a public brawl. You thought politics couldn't get more interesting, nasty or sink any lower.

This is like two parents divorcing and begging the kids to pick favorites. It's public, it's ugly, it's confusing -- and it's going to blow up in Kasich's, Cruz's and the GOP's face.

What on earth is the Republican Party doing?

Once again, on all things strategy, Trump is 100% correct. Is this an act of too-late desperation? Yup. Is it collusion? Textbook. And how are Cruz and Kasich joining forces? ""Game of Thrones"" style: They are trading states to consolidate delegates, in hope of beating their common enemy, Trump.

Kasich is telling his voters to back Cruz in Indiana, and likewise, Cruz will not compete against Kasich in Oregon and New Mexico.

There are three research-backed reasons why this won't work:

1. Research proves people like to back a winner. By joining forces, Cruz and Kasich aren't becoming the underdogs conservatives root for, they're highlighting the fact that Trump is the inevitable nominee. That will throw more independents into his camp and push the undecideds. Being the perceived winner is a huge advantage. By joining forces, Cruz and Kasich aren't becoming the underdogs conservatives root for, they're highlighting the fact that Trump is the inevitable nominee. That will throw more independents into his camp and push the undecideds. Being the perceived winner is a huge advantage. Example? On Kickstarter, your odds of succeeding are 10 times higher once you reach about half your funding goal. Trump is already there with 845 delegates of the 1,237 that he needs.

If you like Kasich, you will find reason to dislike Cruz. And vice versa.

If I'm a Kasich fan I won't suddenly feel good voting for Cruz because my mind is made up: I have already decided Kasich is the best candidate. It will take a rallying of uncontrollable variables to make sure that voters in the states the two candidates are divvying up will stick to the plan, all biases aside.

There's nothing simple about this Kasich-Cruz alliance. It translates to voters like this:

""So let me get this straight, if I'm a Kasich supporter and if I live in Indiana, I'm supposed to vote for Cruz (who I don't like), in the hopes that we defeat Trump and in the hopes that Kasich will then defeat Cruz (who I just voted for) in the primary? Huh? I don't think so, and now I am starting to lose interest.""

Plus, when it's time to vote, voters may wonder: ""Is everyone else really going to do it?"" ""Will this hurt [Kasich or Cruz's] chances in the convention?""

Moreover, unless Cruz and Kasich are hammering this on the airways at every single stop, it's not going to trickle down to the masses.

By all appearances they are not instructing voters to do anything. Kasich was campaigning in Pennsylvania this morning and, from what I watched, he was using the national air time coverage in a diner to talk about leg pressing 325 pounds, not pushing this Cruz-Kasich alliance. Heck, as he shook hands with diners, he didn't seem to be actually asking people to vote for him. He might want to start doing that.

Remember, this is a primary and people are pretty focused on whom they like. If this were a national campaign strategy to unite Republicans against the Democrats, voters would likely be more willing to vote for people they don't like based on their party ties.

Instead, this GOP ""Anyone-but-Trump"" strategy will hand the election to Hillary Clinton, as it games the system, demonizes Trump, antagonizes his supporters--and fractures the party even further.

Apparently the GOP does not want to face the reality that it has become so out of touch on social policies that it can't attract moderates. Much of the GOP's rhetoric scares people; it doesn't even try to attract Democrats and can't attract independents. Trump is succeeding at all of the above because he is uniting people on one simple belief: politicians are a phony, stuck up lot.",1
3671,Obama’s inconsistent claim on the ‘frequency’ of mass shootings in the U.S. compared to other countries,"“The one thing we do know is that we have a pattern now of mass shootings in this country that has no parallel anywhere else in the world, and there’s some steps we could take, not to eliminate every one of these mass shootings, but to improve the odds that they don’t happen as frequently.”

“With respect to Planned Parenthood, obviously, my heart goes out to the families of those impacted. … I say this every time we’ve got one of these mass shootings: This just doesn’t happen in other countries.”

“We are the only advanced country on Earth that sees these kinds of mass shootings every few months.”

“You don’t see murder on this kind of scale, with this kind of frequency, in any other advanced nation on Earth.”

— Obama, speech at U.S. Conference of Mayors, June 19, 2015

“At some point, we as a country will have to reckon with the fact that this type of mass violence does not happen in other advanced countries. It doesn’t happen in other places with this kind of frequency. And it is in our power to do something about it.”

— Obama, statement on the shooting in Charleston, S.C., June 18, 2015

Readers asked us to fact-check Obama’s broad statement at the Dec. 1 Paris news conference, that “mass shootings just [don’t] happen in other countries.” Critics pushed back on that comment immediately, noting that Paris — where Obama was speaking — had just experienced a mass shooting. Mass shootings do happen in other countries, and that statement clearly is false, worthy of Four Pinocchios.

Then, in response to the Dec. 2, 2015, mass shootings in San Bernardino, Calif., Obama used more specific language that clarified what he was referring to. Indeed, he has made versions of this claim after other recent mass shootings. So we explored the relevant data and definitions, what exactly Obama is referring to, and the caveats associated with comparing mass shootings across countries.

Here’s an important caveat to establish: There is no consistent definition of “mass shooting” or “mass public shooting” across countries, or even among researchers who track them within the United States.

The FBI does not officially define “mass shooting” and does not use the term in Uniform Crime Report records. In the 1980s, the FBI established a definition for “mass murder” as “four or more victims slain, in one event, in one location,” and the offender is not included in the victim count if the shooter committed suicide or was killed in a justifiable homicide, according to a Congressional Research Service report detailing the definitions.

After the 2012 shootings in Newtown, Conn., Congress defined “mass killings” to mean “three or more killings in a single incident.” Some media outlets and researchers still use the four-fatality definition, and have adopted the CRS definitions of “mass shooting” and “mass public shooting.” Other researchers include injuries in the victim count. Some researchers include acts of terrorism, drug deals gone wrong or gang conflict in their research. Others don’t.

Some media reports, such as those of our Wonkblog colleagues, and advocates use a broader definition used by the Mass Shooting Tracker maintained via Reddit, an online forum. In this case, mass shootings are incidents in which four or more people, including the gunman, are killed or injured by gunfire. By this count, the San Bernardino shooting is the 355th mass shooting this year. (In comparison, CRS counted 317 mass shooting incidents from 1999 to 2013.)

An FBI spokesman said such counts of shootings to include injuries would be categorized as a “mass casualty” event.

While Obama incorrectly said during the Paris news conference that mass shootings “just [don’t] happen in other countries,” he often has clarified that he is referring to the “frequency” of shootings in the United States compared to advanced countries. And his use of “frequency” appears to be the actual count of shootings in the United States.

White House officials did not say what Obama means by “frequency,” but they sent several news sources to support his claims. They noted how the United States has more gun violence, in general, than other countries, as reported by The Washington Post and Vox. (The Fact Checker has examined Obama’s rhetoric on gun homicides in the past.)

The White House also pointed to research by University of Alabama criminal justice professor Adam Lankford, who declared mass shootings the “dark side of American exceptionalism.” The paper is not yet published officially, but his findings have been covered widely in the news and have been used to support Obama’s argument.

Lankford ran statistical analyses of the total number of public mass shooters per country from 1966 to 2012 in 171 countries, and controlled for the national population size.

He found that the United States had far more mass shooters (90 shooters in the 46 years) than the other countries, which averaged 1.7 public mass shooter per country. His research excluded gang-related shootings, drive-by shootings, hostage-taking incidents, robberies and acts of genocide or terrorism. (Lankford requested we not distribute his unpublished study and declined to provide the underlying data, citing ongoing research.)

Lankford said he looked at the actual count of shooters rather than the per capita rate of incidents because mass shootings are rare events, and small populations of other countries can inflate the rate. He said looking at rates of incidents are “wildly misleading” — for example, due to the Umpqua college shooting in Roseburg, Ore., the city’s public mass shooter rate (number of offenders per capita) would be higher than most American cities because of that attack. But the rate would reflect Roseburg’s tiny population, and not necessarily mean that Roseburg is at higher risk in the future, he said.

Rates need to be interpreted with caution, Lankford said. One rate that he calculated was between the United States and the European Union, “because the populations are so large for each that the rates become more reliable. The number of public mass shooters per capita (the ‘rate’) for the U.S. was approximately five times the per capita rate for the European Union.”

State University of New York-Oswego public justice professor Jaclyn Schildkraut and Texas State University researcher H. Jaymi Elsass have been tracking mass shooting incidents in 14 countries from 2000 to 2014. They compared the United States to 11 other countries (Canada, Finland, China, Britain, Australia, France, Germany, Mexico, Norway and Switzerland), and found the United States had a lower rate of mass shooting fatalities per 100,000 people than Norway, Finland and Switzerland. Other than China, these countries were all member countries of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, the common measure for “advanced” countries. But the actual count of incidents showed the United States had 133 shootings during the period, compared to a maximum of six in each of the other countries.

In their comparison of the United States to 19 other, mostly non-OECD countries, Lebanon rated higher than the United States in mass shooting fatality rate. They excluded shootings related to gang violence or targeted militant or terrorist activity. (Their breakdowns are embedded at the end of this fact-check.)

There are caveats to these data. The researchers also looked at mass shootings that resulted in multiple injuries, not just fatalities. This could have driven the number of shootings up, especially for the United States. For comparison, Mother Jones’s mass shootings database of four or more fatalities from 1982 to October 2015 lists 72 shootings.

Plus, the Schildkraut/Elsass list is not exhaustive; they are still compiling the list of shootings in other countries, and it does not include all of the shootings that may fit their definition.

It’s also important to note that Norway, Finland and Switzerland all had one or two incidents each that left multiple dead or injured. The United States, in contrast, had 133 shootings that killed or injured multiple victims, according to their research.

For example, a single 2011 attack in Norway, a country of about 5 million people, killed at least 67 people. On a per capita basis, that equates to about 5,000 victims in the United States. In contrast, there were at least four mass shootings that killed four or more victims in the United States in 2011, but it did not add up to the number of people who died in Norway, Schildkraut said. (PolitiFact used this research to rate Obama’s claims from June “Mostly False.” The White House sent us an article disputing that rating.)

Schildkraut said it’s “absolutely not fair” to count the sheer number of incidents of shootings, which shows the United States ranks far higher than any other country. Plus, comparing shootings across countries is an apples-to-oranges comparison, because gun policies, politics and attitudes are unique to each country, she said.

John R. Lott Jr., a gun rights analyst who has tracked mass shooting rates in the United States and European countries, said Obama’s references to “frequency” are problematic and inaccurate: “If you are going to compare the U.S. to someplace else, if you are going to compare it to small countries, you have to adjust for population. Alternatively, compare the U.S. to Europe as a whole.” Comparing to the U.S. to Europe (including OECD and non-OCED countries) from 2009 to 2015 shows the rate of mass shootings in the United States and Europe are about the same, Lott said. (Lott uses the FBI definition of four or more killings in a public space, excludes gang or crime-related activity, and includes acts identified as terrorism.)

Astute readers might notice how Lankford and Lott both compared the United States to grouped European countries, but their conclusions are vastly different. Lott says the rate is about the same, while Lankford says the rate is five times higher in the United States. How is this possible? The researchers are looking at different sets of years and different sets of countries. (Lott looked at Europe as a whole; Lankford at the European Union.) Lott uses a broader measure of mass shootings than Lankford does. Lankford looks at the number of shooters; Lott uses fatalities and shooting incidents. This is an example of how the data and definition can be adjusted to show different findings about mass shootings, even using a per capita rate.

The most accurate way that Obama has described shootings, Lott said, was his statement after the Oregon shooting: “We are the only advanced country on Earth that sees these kinds of mass shootings every few months.”

Still, Lott added: “I don’t know what sense it makes to say, ‘I have an area of 320 million people, and I’m going to compare it to 8 million, or even 40 million people. I would expect, just out of randomness, to have more of whatever event to happen in a country of 320 million people.”

But John Roman, senior fellow in the Justice Policy Center at the Urban Institute, agreed with the underlying message of Obama’s statement, regarding the prevalence of mass shooting incidents in the United States. Frequency is “about how often something happens, not about how many people were affected by any single event,” such as the 2011 Norway shootings, he said.

“Yes, it does happen in other places. But boy, does it happen a lot in the U.S., and boy, does it happen really frequently,” Roman said. “And it happens without cause, without reason, without some ideological backbone.”

Whenever a mass shooting occurs, a flurry of infographics floods social media, a range of facts are cited, and rhetoric swirls amid developing news. It doesn’t help that Obama uses inconsistent and sometimes vague language to describe mass shootings in the United States compared to other countries.

At times, his description was wholly misleading and inaccurate (mass shootings “just [don’t] happen in other countries”); other times, his description was quite accurate (“We are the only advanced country on Earth that sees these kinds of mass shootings every few months”); and other times, it seemed to be somewhere in the middle (the “pattern now of mass shooting that has no parallel anywhere else in the world”).

Quantitative measures of cross-comparative crime statistics, especially where the crime is not consistently defined (i.e., “mass shooting”), usually end up being apples-to-oranges comparisons. (We dug deeply into cross-comparative measures of the U.S. criminal justice system to other countries in the world, and it wasn’t easy.)  It’s not just about population size, but also about differences in gun culture, policies and politics in each country. How can one compare Israel (where there are government-issued guns) to China (with stringent gun laws) to the United States (with Second Amendment rights)?

We are sensitive to the tragedy of each mass shooting. Our goal is to provide the underlying data and definitions – which show there are numerous ways to talk about mass shootings in the United States, and around the world. We urge the president to be more consistent and precise in describing mass shootings in the country (as he did after the Oregon shooting) rather than using vague or misleading phrases — which overall earn him Two Pinocchios.

Send us facts to check by filling out this form

Follow The Fact Checker on Twitter and friend us on Facebook",1
2502,Appeals court rules against Obama’s immigration plan,"A federal appeals court on Monday ruled against President Obama’s plan to shield up to 5 million undocumented immigrants from deportation, dealing another blow to the administration’s effort to remake immigration laws and likely setting up a final battle in the Supreme Court next year.

The 2-to-1 ruling from a panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit in New Orleans — to uphold a lower court’s injunction that blocks the administration from implementing a ­deferred-action program — was not unexpected. It came several months after the same court had denied an emergency stay request from the Justice Department.

The decision means that one of Obama’s signature immigration initiatives remains on hold nearly a year after he announced it through executive action and leaves in doubt whether the program will begin before his term expires in January 2017. Republican presidential candidates have pledged to dismantle the program, creating additional urgency within the Obama administration to get it started.

“The president must follow the rule of law, just like everybody else,” Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton said in a statement Monday. Texas led a coalition of 26 states that brought the lawsuit. “Throughout this process, the Obama Administration has aggressively disregarded the constitutional limits on executive power.”

Immigration advocates, who feared time was running out to get the case before the high court next year, called on the administration to appeal quickly and maintained confidence that the Supreme Court would issue a favorable ruling by next June.

“Every single day that goes by means further delays,” said Marielena Hincapié, executive director of the National Immigration Law Center, who has closely followed the case. “Once the green light is given [by the Supreme Court], it will make it that much more difficult for any administration, Republican or Democrat, to undo the program.”

A White House official said the administration strongly disagreed with the court decision and was reviewing its legal options.

“This lawsuit is preventing people who have been part of our communities for years from working on the books, contributing to our economy by paying taxes on that work, and being held accountable,” said the official, who was not authorized to speak on the record.

There are an estimated 11 million immigrants living in the country illegally. After House Republicans blocked a comprehensive immigration bill last year, Obama announced plans to use executive action to dramatically expand a 2012 program that deferred the deportations of hundreds of thousands of immigrants who entered the United States illegally as children. Under the new program, the undocumented parents of U.S. citizens would be eligible to remain and apply for three-year work permits, provided they had not committed other crimes and lived in the country at least five years.

But 26 states, most with Republican governors, sued to block the program, arguing they would incur fees associated with the issuance of driver’s licenses to the immigrants and asserting the Obama administration had failed to abide by federal rulemaking requirements. In February, a U.S. District Court judge in Brownsville, Tex., ruled that the program could not get underway as he continued to review whether the program was constitutional, stopping it just days before the Department of Homeland Security was to begin accepting applications.

The 5th Circuit panel that ruled Monday included two judges — Jerry Smith and Jennifer Elrod, both appointed by Republican presidents — who had ruled against the administration’s stay request in May and maintained their stances. A third judge, Carolyn Dineen King, appointed by President Jimmy Carter, was not on the earlier panel, and she dissented Monday, ruling in favor of the Obama administration.

In a 135-page decision, Smith wrote that District Judge Andrew Hanen’s decision in February to issue an injunction on Obama’s program was “impressive and thorough.” The appeals court dismissed the administration’s argument that Texas lacked legal standing to challenge a federal immigration program.

“Today’s ruling is a slap in the face to the good people in America who have also been waiting for Congress and the courts to act with justice, humanity and common sense on the issue of immigration reform,” said Angelica Salas, executive director for the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles.",1
3117,The vengeful god of Kim Davis: The powerful forces we ignore when we fixate on one Kentucky clerk,"The God of (white) evangelical Christianity is obsessed with the policing of sex –in particular, who has it, how they have it, in what context, and with whom. Though some “good” evangelicals try to reframe these clearly hypocritical rankings of “sin” by insisting that God hates all sin, the truth is that most evangelicals believe that God is primarily appalled by non-normative sexual appetites. More specifically, God hates gay sex, though God may love gay people. God loves heterosexual marriage though, and because of this, God will continue to forgive you for numerous divorces and remarriages, as long as you ultimately end up in a good Christian, straight marriage. Or you stay celibate. Those are your only options.

For many people, this level of moral regulation sounds downright bizarre, not to mention damn near impossible to achieve. And if you are anything like me, such unholy and retrograde thinking causes you to have a complicated relationship to the church, or to reject it altogether.

Such belief systems are driven by fear – fear of God’s wrath, fear of the end of days, fear of divine retribution.

But here’s the thing. There are our moral quibbles with Kim Davis’ belief system and then there are our legal quibbles with it. I have both. Fear (and misguided thinking) can cause one to believe that upholding a person’s basic civil rights amounts to a condoning of their choices. But these moral panics only happen around issues of sexual regulation. We are society that believes that even mass murderers deserve defense attorneys. We do not equate the providing of legal representation with the condoning of crime. It is about the basic protection of rights. The idea that those who issue marriage licenses must agree with the romantic choices of those getting married is patently absurd. There are clear distinctions to be made about marriage as a civil institution, which is open to all, and marriage as a religious institution, which is regulated by individual churches and religious traditions.

But the thing about evangelical Christianity in its worst iterations is that it elides these clear and important social and civil distinctions, through the perpetuation of fear. Preachers tell congregants that attention to such levels of detail represent a searching for loopholes and a desire to compromise one’s moral integrity instead of risking it all for the faith. Evangelical Christianity sees itself as countercultural and spends a good deal of time in Sunday School and Bible Study pumping people up for unlikely scenarios in which they are called upon to “stand for their beliefs” against the encroachment of unholy orders from the secular world.

During my childhood Sunday School classes, we were frequently asked whether we would be willing to die for our beliefs. We were told that unless we could unequivocally make such declarations, then we didn’t really believe in Jesus, that we hadn’t sufficiently “counted the cost” of being followers of Christ. We spent far less time talking about what it would “cost” us to love those radically different from ourselves. We spent almost no time thinking about how appalled God surely is about racism and poverty. But we were a classroom full of working class, Black children.

Kim Davis and all her antics, not to mention her eclectic intimate choices, are low-hanging fruit. The moral and political chicanery of conservative evangelical Christianity is the real problem here. Fifty years ago, white evangelicals believed that Black people were the children of Ham, and that they were therefore cursed and morally conscripted to lives of less value than those of white people. In the 1960s, county clerks were the first line of assault on the dignity and personhood of Black people, come to exercise their right to vote.

Contemporary evangelicalism still refuses to grapple in any serious way with the extent to which it serves as the wingman for white supremacy. Yes, some evangelical pastors write and talk about the “sin of racism.” They discuss it as though racism is a problem of individually sinful attitudes. They act as though racism will be solved if individual white people learn to love individual black people and vice versa. Such teachings stay away from critiquing failing school systems or culturally incompetent teachers, or the school to prison pipeline, or the effects of white privilege on the ability of Black people to get jobs, or the way that Republican social policy reinforces all these systems of power. The social grammar of white evangelicalism inheres in the deployment of moral claims to obscure the systemic operations of structural inequality. Kim Davis is not the author of this system; she is a student of it – a cult-like devotee, perhaps. Focusing on her rather than on the powerful white men like Tony Perkins and Mike Huckabee, who seek to incite the Christian base with her story, will find us missing the point. The point is that theologically inspired bigotry is still bigotry, and it has no place in American public life. At some point in my own Christian journey, I began to realize that subscribing to the tenets of conservative evangelicalism was like a refusal to be on my own side. It was cheering against myself. To accept conservative white evangelicalism was to cosign a set of theological propositions that were patently antiblack and antiwoman. I am still a Christian, though I am no longer an evangelical. I continue to insist on use of that title, because being a conservative evangelical is not the only way to be a Christian. The fear-based theology that makes evangelicals feel justified in denying other people’s rights is not unlike the fear-based political rhetoric that drives much of America’s foreign policy and terrorizing of brown people all over the world. The belief in a God who has favorites, a God who only blesses straight, middle-class, white Americans in traditional marriages, is the stuff that “manifest destiny” is made of. And none of these kinds of thinking about God made space for the life of a Southern, working-class Black girl like me. I’ve seen my family ravaged by crime, austerity measures, and social welfare policies of the right. I’ve seen how their notions of social programs hurt the god-fearing Christian family members who raised me. I’ve seen how churches with retrograde teachings about sex and gender stifled the dreams of talented young women and made them more susceptible to parenthood before they were ready. Kim Davis is, I repeat, low-hanging fruit. Her faulty thinking about how her faith should inform her duties as a public servant are an indictment not only of a problematic set of beliefs, but an indictment of a governmental system that has been in bed with Christianity for too long. That Christianity and American Democracy are seeming “natural” bedfellows has created the expectation that Christians can impose their beliefs on all American citizens. It is the 21st century and such thinking must change.",1
3834,"South Dakotans may not like Obama, but they’d like to see the president","The big, gray Air Force plane carrying the president’s limousines flew low, slow and loud over this small farming city, shaking buildings and barns.

The noise from its engines rattled the doors at the Cattleman’s Casino, where the owner was hanging an American flag that she had bought that morning, and the windows at the Midwest Bible Camp, where the pastor and his wife hadn’t voted for the president but still put up a sign asking God to bless him.

It stopped farmers on their tractors and the sisters at the Mother of God Monastery who dashed up to the roof to watch it pass. It surprised the mayor, who was in the middle of an interview with a radio station 100 miles away in Sioux Falls.

“Check that out,” he said last Thursday when he spotted the plane through his office window, although no one listening to his voice on the radio was close enough to know what he was talking about.

Hundreds of Watertown residents were rushing to the airport so they could see it up close and on the ground. In 36 hours, the president would be coming to this city, only the fifth-largest in South Dakota, to deliver the commencement address at the local community college. If all went as planned, he would be on the ground for only two hours.

There’s hardly a state in America that’s more hostile to Obama than South Dakota, where the president’s disapproval rating hovers around 70 percent and the local Republican Party last summer passed a resolution calling for his impeachment.

But even in an era of almost unprecedented political polarization, people still want to see their president. That was especially true in Watertown, which had never hosted a sitting commander in chief. The cargo plane landed and rolled to a stop. Inside the tiny commuter airport terminal, there were three empty couches and a television playing Fox News. Outside, a light rain was falling, and about 300 people were standing along the airport fence line. A teacher had brought her nursery school class. Farther down the metal fence line were locals who had skipped out of work for the morning and retirees balanced on wooden canes.

“This is definitely not his president,” said Laurie Brandriet Keller, gesturing to her husband. “I’m amazed how excited he’s been these last few days.”

People in the crowd shot video with their cellphones and wondered how the monstrous airplane even stayed in the air. “It looked like it was dragging, just about ready to fall,” said Vernard Cordell, 71, who thought the thunderous noise was some sort of farm equipment rolling past his house. Then he realized it was coming from the sky, and he sped to the airport.

A ramp dropped, and out of the plane came bomb-sniffing dogs, trucks and vans. There were Secret Service agents with guns. Last off were the two presidential limousines, shiny and black, each bearing flags with the presidential seal.

The crowd edged closer; hands gripped the fence. The vehicles, including the limousines, formed up into a loose motorcade and drove to a local gas station just outside of the airport, where they filled up with fuel. Most of the crowd followed.

Harley Waterman, who had shut down his pawn shop to race out the airfield, lingered by the fence line, still staring at the plane, a raw expression of American power. The actual presidential visit Friday was still more than a day away.

“Just look at the size of that thing,” he said. “A once-in-a-lifetime deal.”

For the vast majority of Watertown’s 21,000 residents, the only chance to see the president would come as his motorcade sped past them on the way to his Lake Area Technical Institute commencement address.

The motorcade route was less than four miles and not likely to last much longer than 10 minutes. It was also supposed to be secret, known only to local police, the president’s security detail and the mayor.

Jerry Elshere, 70, a retired middle school assistant principal, stood along 10th Avenue, about a mile from the community college. In the 1920s, his parents had driven 400 miles to see Calvin Coolidge, who had gone trout fishing one summer in the Black Hills of South Dakota.

Now he and his three grandchildren were hoping to catch a glimpse of Obama. He’d picked the spot based on a tip from a neighbor and the presence of a local policeman.

The motorcade wouldn’t pass for at least another hour, but already a small crowd was forming on the sidewalk. They huddled under blankets, carried signs and set up lawn chairs.

“I know, but I can’t say,” said the lone policeman, a smile slipping across his face.

Most in the crowd, which was now three or four people deep, were die-hard Republicans and had little love for this president. “I wonder if he’s a Christian sometimes,” said Kristi Maas, 47, who owns a small hair salon in town. Just the thought was “scary” to her, she said. “He wants to take prayer out of everything. . . . Isn’t this country supposed to be based on religion?” Heads nodded around her.

The president’s plane landed about 30 minutes late. Someone tuned a radio to a local station where the DJ, who usually announces the Watertown High School basketball games, was doing a play-by-play of Obama’s arrival. The president was coming down the Air Force One steps, the announcer said. He was shaking hands with the mayor and climbing into one of the motorcade’s two black limousines.

Now, the motorcade was rolling.

“Is the president coming down this road?” Elshere’s granddaughter asked him.

A few minutes passed, and the policeman’s walkie-talkie, which had been quiet, started to buzz. “Everyone needs to back up,” the officer said.

The crowd took three steps from the road and then surged forward again at the sight of the two black limousines shining in the afternoon sun. Just before the president’s car slowed to make the turn by the cluster of scraggly pine trees on 10th Avenue, they raised their cellphones and started to record.

From where Maas was standing, the light was just perfect. She could see Obama smiling and waving through the tinted window for three or maybe four full seconds . . . and then he was gone.

“Oh my gosh, he waved at me!” Maas said. “That was so cool!”

Her cellphone rang with a call from her daughter.

“I just got waved at by the president!” Maas said. “Yeah, he waved at us. He didn’t roll down the window, but I could see him smiling as plain as day. He was waving at me!”

The crowd drifted slowly away. As she walked back to her car with her sister, Maas was already reconsidering her opinion of the man who minutes earlier she had believed maybe wasn’t a Christian — the man she worried was ruining the country.

“I believe in respecting our president,” her sister said.

“You only hear some of the stories about him, not all of them,” Maas agreed. “He’s a husband and a father. He has the same feelings we do.”

The president’s commencement address aired live on all of Watertown’s major television and radio stations.

At the Cattleman’s Casino, a two-room bar on the north side of town, all six TVs were tuned to the speech. The smell of cigarettes, stale beer and cow manure from the auction barn across the street hung heavy in air. About 30 people were clustered around the big flatscreen at the front of the bar.

For the first, and probably only time in their lives, they were listening to a president talk about their town, their friends and their relatives. Stephanie Burchatz, who runs a small construction company with her dad and brother, was sipping a $2.50 Bud Light. Her eyes were trained on the president.

She had spent most of the day laying new sidewalks, curbs and gutters for the city. Now she was listening as the president talked about the girlfriend of one of her employees, a single mom who had gone back to Lake Area Tech to get an associate’s degree. “By age 20, she was working as a waitress, supporting two beautiful baby girls, Lizzie and Farah, on her own,” the president was saying.

“This is good,” she was saying. “This is really, really good.”

The president was reading the speech — his seventh public address of the week — off of a teleprompter. But to the people in the bar it seemed as if he were telling their stories from memory.

When Obama was done, the bar erupted in applause. A woman sitting in the smoking room by the video poker machines had begun crying.

“Most of the time I could care less what he’s talking about,” said Jason Hollatz, 37-year-old farmer. “Are all Obama’s speeches like that?”

Her brother glanced back at the television where Obama, his speech finished, was accepting a Lake Area Tech jacket from one of the new graduates. Suddenly his mouth fell open. “That’s the kid who ran over my mailbox last week,” he yelled.

One last look

Obama’s motorcade raced back through town to the airport, where a crowd of about 200 was gathering near the southern end of the runway to catch one last glimpse of the presidential plane.

There were lawyers, farmers, construction workers and the custodian from the nearby elementary school and his family. An elderly woman balanced on her walker.

The temperature had started to drop, and the wind was kicking up. A youth baseball team cut short its practice and wandered over. The runway at the Watertown airport was too small to accommodate the president’s normal plane, so the White House had switched to a smaller 757, which taxied to the far end of the runway and gunned its engines.

“It’s going to get loud,” a mother warned her son, who plugged his ears.

The blue-and-white 757 with the presidential seal and “United States of America” began tearing down the runway, kicking up a cloud of dust and sand in its wake. All eyes turned skyward as the plane lifted off the ground. Some filmed the takeoff with their cellphone cameras. Others waved goodbye. They kept waving long after there was any chance that the president or anyone inside the plane could still see them standing in the field below.",1
4109,Republicans finally pass an Obamacare repeal. Do GOP voters care?,"Republicans have never passed an Obamacare repeal through both houses of Congress, forcing Obama to veto. That changed Wednesday.

Rep. Tom Price (R) of Georgia, chairman of the House Budget Committee and a physician, appears before the Rules Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington Tuesday as he sponsors legislation that would repeal President Obama's signature health care law. The legislation will be the first order of business as the House returns for the holiday break and will mark the first time a bill repealing the health law makes it all the way to the White House.

On Wednesday, House Republicans passed a bill that guts Obamacare – their 62nd attempt to repeal or undermine the Affordable Care Act. The crucial difference is that this time it will get all the way to the president’s desk, instead of being blocked by Senate Democrats.

But this bill will never become law. At least, not under this president. He will veto it, along with its companion provision to stop federal funding of Planned Parenthood for a year. Congress will not have the votes to override, and so the bill – like the other 61 attempts – has symbolic value only.

House Speaker Paul Ryan (R) of Wisconsin says that getting the bill to the president will finally hold him “accountable” for his “disastrous” policies.

But Americans already know where the president stands on these issues. Observers say the real point is to remind voters what could happen if a Republican is sitting in the Oval Office and the GOP keeps control of Congress. Lawmakers also want to show critics that they’re living up to a campaign promise, or at least trying harder.

This bill “will sharpen contrasts between Republicans and Democrats going into a presidential election year,” says GOP consultant Matt Mackowiak.

But will the voters care? Republican voters contacted by the Monitor suggest Wednesday’s vote is neither pointless nor a clear victory. While many like the signal it sends, others see it as yet another hollow gesture.

They want action, and this is seen as only a start.

Travis Sawyer, a financial advisor in Abilene, Kan., says he falls into the camp of folks who view “maneuvers” like this as generally a waste of time.  However, he does like this move, even though he already knows how the president will react.

“Having him actually have to go through the process of vetoing legislation passed by both houses of Congress, it’s big. I think it’s a big step.” He’s happy to see lawmakers “follow through” on their promise.

Joshua Thompson, a warehouse worker in Nashua, N.H., is “impressed” that the bill will get as far as the president. On the other hand, he says, if Republicans ever succeed in repealing the health care law, “they should at least have something to replace it. Something better than Obamacare.”

Meanwhile, Carol Hill, a retired physician from Diamondhead, Miss., says in an e-mail that the “ridiculous ‘show’ bill” repealing Obamacare and defunding Planned Parenthood only “feeds the anger” of voters.

If establishment Republicans – she calls them the “eGOP” – wanted to stop either Obamacare or Planned Parenthood, they could have done it in the past by defunding them, she maintains.

“The eGOP is totally incapable of understanding how angry conservatives really are.”

Obamacare has receded a bit as an issue, eclipsed by other concerns such as national security. Still, a majority of Americans disapprove of it and shining the spotlight during a rare presidential veto is beneficial to Republicans, says Mr. Mackowiak, the strategist. He believes that repealing Obamacare is “going to be a big fight” in the general election.

Anticipating the House vote on Wednesday – which follows Senate approval last month – conservative group Heritage Action sent a letter to GOP presidential candidates on Tuesday urging them to push Obamacare to the forefront in 2016.

The letter highlighted the Republicans’ repeal promise – which they have been loudly criticized for breaking. It then supported an “ironclad commitment” to repeal the entire law in 2016 through a rare parliamentary process known as “budget reconciliation.”

The process allows a bill to avoid a Senate filibuster and pass by simple majority. It’s this procedure that Democrats used to pass the health care law in the first place – and it’s this route that Republicans, after gaining control of the Senate last year, used to finally get this bill to the president’s desk.

Democratic presidential contender Hillary Clinton fiercely defended the law on Monday, reminding Iowans at a rally that it has extended coverage to 19 million Americans, doesn’t discriminate against preexisting conditions, and sets equal premiums for men and women.

“They have no plan,” she said. Republicans “just want to undo” what Democrats have fought for. “[I]f there's a Republican sitting there, it will be repealed and then we will have to start all over again,” she warned.

No question, the move to force the president into a veto “raises the stakes in the rhetorical war,” says Amy Black, a political scientist at Wheaton College in Illinois. It will give more attention to the issue and “remind voters yet again that Obama and Democrats are not on their side.”

But will the veto strategy mean much to voters? She’s not so sure. “It’s a question whether the strategy will work with voters or not.”",1
3884,Dan Pfeiffer to leave White House,"Dan Pfeiffer, one of President Obama's closest and most trusted advisers, is leaving the White House within weeks.

Pfeiffer is one of the president's longest-serving aides, having joined Obama during his 2008 presidential campaign. The White House said he will leave in early March.

“Dan has been beside me on every step of this incredible journey, starting with those earliest days of the campaign in 2007, "" Obama said in a statement. ""And through it all, he’s been smart, steady, tireless and true to the values we started with. Like everyone else in the White House, I’ve benefited from his political savvy and his advocacy for working people.  He’s a good man and a good friend, and I’m going to miss having him just down the hall from me.""

The New York Times first reported that Pfeiffer will leave the White House.

Pfeiffer is one of a very tight circle of Obama aides, often criticized as being too insular, who helped the president win elections and pave the way for passage of the health care law and signing of executive actions on immigration.

He was instrumental in helping push forward the White House's social media strategy, becoming one of the first officials to blog and pushing to grow the administration's presence on networking sites such as Instagram and Twitter. An administration official said Pfeiffer has recently been spearheading a review of the White House communications structure.

Pfeiffer told Obama that he planned to leave the day after the State of the Union, as the president was flying to Boise, Idaho. A White House official said Pfeiffer has been mulling his next move for some time and feels that the White House is strong, allowing him the space to move on.

Pfeiffer is one of a number of trusted Obama aides who have announced their departures in recent weeks - changes that often happen in the second half of a president's second term. White House Counselor John Podesta will leave this month to help Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, should she run. Ronald Klain, who Obama named Ebola czar last year, will step down Feb. 15.",1
4599,Exclusive Clinton op-ed: I'll look for common ground,"Why you should vote for me.

In January, America is going to have a new president. Things are going to change — that much is certain. The question is, what kind of change are we going to have?

We can build an economy that works for everyone, or stack the deck even more for those at the top.

We can keep America safe through strength and smarts — or turn our backs on our allies, and cozy up to our adversaries.

We can come together to build a stronger, fairer America, or fear the future and fear each other.

Everything I’ve done, as first lady, senator, or secretary of State, I’ve done by listening to people and looking for common ground, even with people who disagree with me. And if you elect me on Tuesday, that’s the kind of president I’ll be.

Here are four priorities for my first 100 days — issues I’ve heard about from Americans all over our country.

First, we will put forward the biggest investment in new jobs since World War II. We’ll invest in infrastructure and manufacturing to grow our economy for years to come. We’ll produce enough renewable energy to power every home in America within a decade. We’ll cut red tape for small businesses and make it easier for entrepreneurs to get the credit they need to grow and hire — because in America, if you can dream it, you should be able to build it. We’ll pay for it all by asking the wealthy, Wall Street and big corporations to finally pay their fair share. And this commitment will go far beyond the first 100 days. Creating more good jobs with rising incomes will be a central mission of my presidency.

Second, we will introduce comprehensive immigration reform legislation. The last president to sign comprehensive immigration reform was Ronald Reagan, and it was a priority for George W. Bush. I’m confident that we can work across the aisle to pass comprehensive reform that keeps families together and creates a path to citizenship, secures our border, and focuses our enforcement resources on violent criminals. This is the right thing to do, and it will also grow our economy.

Third, to break the gridlock in Washington, we need to get secret, unaccountable money out of our politics. It’s drowning out the voices of the American people. So within my first 30 days, I will introduce a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United. We should be protecting citizens’ rights to vote, not corporations’ rights to buy elections.

Fourth, we need to get started on end-to-end criminal justice reform. Too many people have been sent away for far too long for non-violent offenses. I believe our country will be stronger and safer when everyone has respect for the law and everyone is respected by the law.

There’s so much more we need to do together, and we certainly won’t get it all done in the first 100 days. But we’re going to roll up our sleeves and get to work for American families — and I’ll never, ever quit.

I want to be president for all Americans — Democrats, Republicans and independents; Americans of every race, faith and background.

My opponent has run his campaign on divisiveness, fear and insults, and spent months pitting Americans against each other. I’ve said many times that Donald Trump has shown us who he is. Now we have to decide who we are.

Because it’s not just our names on the ballot this year. Every issue we care about is on the ballot, too. This is about who we are as a country — and whether we are going to have change that makes us stronger together, or change that pushes us further apart.

It all comes down to this. I love our country. I believe in our people. And I think there’s nothing we can’t achieve if we work together and invest in each other.

Hillary Clinton is the Democratic nominee for president.

You can read diverse opinions from our Board of Contributors and other writers on the Opinion front page, on Twitter @USATOpinion and in our daily Opinion newsletter. To submit a letter, comment or column, check our submission guidelines.",1
5048,"Poll: Voters trust Trump on economy, Clinton on nukes","Voters say the top issues facing the country are the economy and terrorism. They think Donald Trump will handle one of them better than Hillary Clinton, while the candidates tie on the other.

A new Fox News Poll on the 2016 election finds more voters trust Trump than Clinton on the economy (+5 points). He also bests Clinton on handling the federal deficit (+5 points). Those are the only issues where he comes out on top.

It’s a draw on “terrorism and national security,” as the candidates receive 47 percent apiece. In May, Trump led Clinton by 12 points on doing a better job on “terrorism” (52-40 percent).

Equal numbers of voters say the economy and terrorism are the most important issues facing the country today (22 percent each). Education is the only other one to receive double-digit mentions (11 percent). Here’s the rest of the list: race relations (9 percent), the federal deficit (5 percent), health care (5 percent), climate change (4 percent), immigration (3 percent), foreign policy (3 percent), and drug addiction (2 percent).

Clinton beats Trump by wide margins on education (+23 points), and on the lower priority concerns: climate change (+31 points), race relations (+28 points), drug addiction (+19 points), foreign policy (+16 points), and health care (+11 points). She also has the advantage on one of Trump’s signature issues -- immigration (+7 points).

Who would do better picking the next Supreme Court justice? That’s a hot topic this election. Voters trust Clinton over Trump by eight points. They also think she’s more likely to “preserve and protect the U.S. Constitution” (+7 points).

CLICK HERE TO READ THE FULL POLL RESULTS

By a 22-point margin, voters trust Clinton over Trump when it comes to using nuclear weapons (56-34 percent). That’s twice the advantage she held in May (49-38 percent).



Yet voters are more likely to trust Trump to destroy terrorist groups like ISIS (+9 points).

The candidates now tie on restoring trust in government (43-43). That’s a shift since May when Trump had an eight-point advantage (46-38 percent).

Despite Trump’s claim that he understands the concerns of everyday Americans, Clinton bests him on empathy. By a 51-40 percent margin, voters say she’ll do a better job looking out for their family during tough economic times. In June 2012, Barack Obama topped Mitt Romney on this measure by 47-36 percent.

How do voters feel about Trump’s praise for Russian President Vladimir Putin? Fifty-two percent of voters say it’s no big deal. For 44 percent, it’s bothersome.

Most Republicans say it’s no big deal (72 percent), while two-thirds of Democrats say it bothers them (66 percent).

The Fox News poll is based on landline and cellphone interviews with 1,022 randomly chosen registered voters nationwide and was conducted under the joint direction of Anderson Robbins Research (D) and Shaw & Company Research (R) from July 31-August 2, 2016. The poll has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points for all registered voters.",1
80,NC Governor Partially Changes 'Bathroom Bill' after Backlash,"North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory has signed an executive order partially changing the state's new ""bathroom"" bill in an effort to quell a firestorm of criticism and economic backlash against his state.

McCrory's order expands the equal employment policy for state employees to include sexual orientation and gender. He also reaffirmed private businesses' rights to establish their own bathroom policies, a provision already stated in the original bill.

But the governor left intact perhaps the most contentious part of the law, which states that government bathrooms will be separated primarily by biological sex.

""We have long-held traditions of both ensuring equality for all our citizens and visitors while also respecting the privacy of everyone,"" McCrory said in a video message. ""We're also a state that strives to allow our people and businesses to be as independent as possible without overreaching goverment regulation.""

Both state houses overwhelmingly passed House Bill 2, known as the Public Facilities Privacy & Security Act. The law overrides the Charlotte ordinance giving people permission to use a public bathroom of their choice regardless of gender.

On Tuesday, McCrory acknowledged outcry over the law, saying he'd listened to ""feedback"" from people for several weeks.

He said that ""based upon this feedback, I am taking action to affirm and improve the state's commitment to privacy and equality.""

McCrory signed the law March 23. Since then, several high profile businesses, including PayPal and Deutsche Bank, have cancelled expansion plans into the state.

In an interview late last week, North Carolina Lt. Gov. Dan Forest told CBN News the Left has used a ""methodically orchestrated campaign"" to fight the measure every step of the way.

""We didn't initiate the issue. It was started when a local city council passed an un-Constitutional ordinance opening all bathrooms and showers to all sexes at all times,"" Forest said.

""Once the state begins the process of fighting back, the Left first brings out the human rights groups to claim discrimination. This begins the narrative … of intolerance,"" he explained.

""Then they take that intolerance narrative to a hand-picked group of CEOs and author a letter where they champion efforts to fight intolerance,"" he said.

On Monday, hundreds of social conservatives gathered at the old Capitol building in Raleigh to call on McCrory to stand strong on the state's ""bathroom"" bill.",1
4033,Obama: ‘Africa is on the move’,"NAIROBI —President Obama praised Kenya Saturday for the progress that it's made on elections and economic development, even as he said the government needed to do more to curb corruption and respect the rights of minority groups.

In a wide-ranging press conference with Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta on the State House's lawn, the two leaders vowed to fight extremist groups such as al-Shabab together and collaborate on several other initiatives.

""Together, we are confronting insidious threats to Kenya’s prosperity,"" Obama said, adding that both terrorism and corruption are now keeping the country where his father was born from reaching its full potential. “This may the biggest impediment to Kenya growing even faster.”

Kenyatta, for his part, said he was working to address corruption. The two governments launched a joint initiative Saturday under which the U.S. will work to support Kenya in its efforts to develop a a code of conduct for civil servants and a national curriculum around the issue, as well as provide ethics training to government employees.

Shortly before their bilateral meeting. Kenyatta described it as ""a key area where we strongly believe that we can learn from your own examples and lessons to help us strengthen our own governance structures and institutions.""

The two leaders also discussed elephant poaching, a problem in Kenya and other African nations. Poachers kill an average of one elephant every 15 minutes, and the ivory sales stemming from that slaughter helps fund criminal activity and terrorist organizations across the globe.

Obama said the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service was proposing a rule Saturday that ""bans the sale of virtually all ivory across state lines"" in response to widespread poaching. The rule exempts certain items that have already been made, such as musical instruments, furniture pieces, and firearms containing less than 200 grams of ivory.

Ginette Hemley, WWF's senior vice president of wildlife conservation, said the rule was a helpful step but ""the exemptions that remain will allow criminals to continue to use legal trade as a cover to smuggle poached ivory.""

While the two leaders emphasized the common values their nations share, they sharply disagreed when asked whether Kenya's government and its leaders needed to do more to prevent discrimination against members of the country's LGBT community. Sexual relations between men is punishable in Kenya with up to 14 years in prison.

""When you start treating people differently not because of any harm they are doing to anybody, but because they are different, that's the path whereby freedoms begin to erode,"" Obama said, adding he was ""unequivocal"" in his support for LGBT rights. ""And bad things happen.""

But Kenyatta said his citizens were focused on other matters, and they shared much with the United States,""But there are some things that we must admit we don't share. Our culture, our societies don't accept.""

""It is very difficult for us to be able to impose on people that which they themselves do not accept,"" he added.

In addition to their bilateral meeting and press conference, the two presidents also spent time together at the Global Entrepreneurship Summit, where Obama urged a gathering of entrepreneurs to pursue innovative projects to stimulate economic development on the continent, declaring that ""Africa is on the move.""

Obama argued that these business projects could lead to a broader political opening in Africa and improve the lives of women and girls here.

“It’s the spark of prosperity. It helps people stand up for their rights and push back against corruption,” the president said of entrepreneurship, adding that it “means ownership and self-determination, an opportunity to not simply be dependent on somebody else for your livelihood.”

At the start of his speech Obama announced a few new initiatives aimed at spurring new start-ups in Africa, including a pledge that the Overseas Private Investment Corporation’s would support up to $200 million for Equity Bank Group lending of $450 million in foreign currency to small and medium enterprises over the next five years. Half of the money would go to young people and women, he said.

OPIC also signed a memorandum of understanding to explore financing $100 million in debt investments to back financial institutions supporting women-owned small and medium enterprises, and announced a two-year, $50 million pilot program to help small, early-stage firms that have a social mission.

More broadly, private sector groups at the summit committed to train and mentor more than 1 million emerging entrepreneurs and provide nearly $700 million to the next generation in business.

Saturday’s meeting — the fifth in an annual series launched by the administration as part of its outreach to the Muslim world — amounted to a raucous return for Obama, who last visited Kenya in 2006 as senator. Julie Gichuru, a local TV host and entrepreneur, called Obama a “son of Kenyan soil” and introduced him by his full name, “Barack Hussein Obama.”

The president welcomed the idea of being adopted by the hometown audience, saying, “And obviously, this is very personal for me. There’s a reason why my name’s Barack Hussein Obama.”

Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta used the attention that came with Obama’s visit as an opportunity to reintroduce his country, and the rest of the continent, to the outside world.

“Let them know that Africa is open and ready for business,” Kenyatta told Obama, shortly before the American president addressed the crowd. “Behind these statistics is a new generation of Africans committed to a new African renaissance … We have truly embraced the private sector.”

Both presidents also appeared briefly on a panel with three entrepreneurs — two from Africa and one from Croatia. Jahiel Oliver, CEO of Hello Tractor, spoke of how he had moved from the United States to Abuja, Nigeria to start a company that dispatches tractors to farmers after they text for a rental.

“It is completely revolutionizing agricultural in Nigeria — soon, sub-Saharan Africa and ultimately, the world,” Oliver said. Comparing himself to Obama at one point, he said he was pursuing his business “as an African American also returning to my ancestral home to solve big problems.”

During the panel discussion, Kenyatta pledged to pursue structural reforms that would “deal with some of the bottlenecks some of the governance issues” that impede private investment in Kenya.

 In a decent business environment, Obama said, even small firms in Africa and elsewhere could compete “on a level playing field” because technology had lowered the amount of capital anyone has to invest at the launch of a new business.

“Now you can get a start-up moving and if it’s the right idea, it can travel with the speed you can text,” though the president admitted a moment later, “I can’t text very fast.”

After speaking at the summit Obama toured several kiosks that occupied by business projects funded by Power Africa, an administration initiative bringing together federal and private funding.

At a hut run by the company D.Light, Obama saw solar alternatives to kerosene lamps. About 10 million students are using these lamps to study at night, the vendor told him.

Then, a woman at the M-KOPA display showed him how the solar panels on her hut roof work. The panels allow people to power their home out in villages, she told him, and they pay for it via call phone for forty cents a day--equal to theh daily cost of kerosene. Customers own the panels after a year, and they last six to eight years.

""Forty cents a day,"" he said, visbly impressed. The M-KOPA vendor displayed her cell phone card payment system, prompting him to quip, ""I'm not going to give you my credit card number. ""

Speaking to reporters at the event, Obama took issue with critics who have questioned why Power Africa has yet to make a dent in the continent's electricity needs. Roughly 600 million Africans, or 70 percent of the population, lack regular, reliable access to electricity.

""And I would just point out that if you wanted to start a power plant in the United States, it doesn’t take a year to get that done,"" he said. ""In fact, what’s happening is, is that financing, the transactions have been completed, plans are underway, and the work is being done -- now we’re going to start seeing thousands, then ten of thousands, then hundreds of thousands, and then ultimately millions of households all across this continent with electrical power that can boost productivity and economic growth all across the continent.""

Even as he spoke of how happy he was to return to Kenya on this trip, Obama bemoaned the constraints he was under now that he was president. While dining with relatives Friday night, he said he was ""begging for forgiveness that once I am a private citizen I will have more time to connect.""

The president also joked about the size of the gathering, which attracted three dozen relatives--some of which needed ""lengthy explanations"" to detail their Obama family connection.

""I think the people of Kenya will be familiar with the need to manage family politics sometimes in these extended families,"" he said.",1
2195,“Where is the public outcry for an explanation of how the longest war in American history is on a course to end in failure?”,"Now 68, Bacevich is a West Point graduate who served a tour in Vietnam before taking a doctorate in diplomatic history at Princeton. He subsequently taught international relations at West Point and Johns Hopkins before joining the IR faculty at Boston University in 1998. Bacevich is now emeritus and devotes his time to getting the books out.

I met “the dissident colonel,” as he is known in my household, when he spoke at the Providence Council on Foreign Affairs this spring. He spent the evening outlining the book now in his desk, which rests on 10 Theses, as he calls them, after the 95 Theses Martin Luther nailed to a church door (supposedly) in Wittenberg in 1517. They are a detailed critique of what Bacevich considers our 35-year War for the Greater Middle East. He dates this to 1980, when President Carter declared the Persian Gulf a strategic interest warranting military defense. With the Carter Doctine, Bacevich said that evening in Providence, “Carter lit a fuse without knowing where it led.”

“Learning offers a first step toward devising wiser, more effective, and less costly policies,” Bacevich also said on that occasion. I subsequently traveled to Boston to record this exchange. I found him as I had expected: a conservative man in various respects, a scholar with a disciplined mind ungiven to barricades and placards but vigorously opposed to the direction of American policy abroad and well aware of its roots in our consciousness of exceptionalism.

You’re a critic of American conduct abroad on numerous grounds — I would say a critic with a very particular perspective, and I hope we can explore that. For now, a point of confusion, at least for me: In “American Empire,” the 2002 book, you note that American policy, or statecraft, as you call it, lost its coherence in the post-Berlin Wall period. Policy before 1989, you thought, was more or less, as you say, mainly realistic. When we met [at the Providence CFR], on the other hand, you traced a certain grandiose streak in U.S. policy to Carter’s 1980 doctrine, which got us into what you’re now calling the War for the Greater Middle East, a 35-year escapade at this point. Can you clarify your thinking on this? When, in your view, did the policy elite lose its way?

To clarify a little bit, until roughly 1990 the hierarchy of interests that shaped U.S. foreign policy privileged Europe and East Asia. Those were the two most important theaters in U.S. foreign policy. And notwithstanding horrific mistakes made along the way, Vietnam being the most important but by no means the only one, if you look at the period from the late 1940s to the 1990s, in the main U.S. policy in these two pivotal regions qualifies as realistic. There was a certain cohesion to U.S. policy. Indeed, one could say there was a strategy. If you wanted to reduce that strategy to a single word, the word would be “containment.” At least until 1980, the Middle East—I prefer the term the Greater Middle East—tended to be viewed as peripheral in the hierarchy. My argument is that this began to change in 1980, when Jimmy Carter, in response to the hostage crisis in Iran and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, promulgated the Carter Doctrine.

Now, it didn’t overnight vault the Greater Middle East to the top rank of U.S. foreign policy interests, but it began that process. And indeed, the end of the Cold War, which tended at least marginally to diminish the importance attributed to Europe and East Asia, facilitated that. So by the time you get to the 1990s, and certainly by the time you get to 9/11, there’s been this substantial change, and the change gets expressed above all and most regrettably in the reorientation of the U.S. military. Militarily, the United States doesn’t abandon Europe, and it certainly hasn’t abandoned East Asia, but if you look at where we’ve sent U.S. forces to fight or to occupy, especially since 1990, it’s clear that the focal point now is the Greater Middle East. And, to further the contrast, unlike the period of the Cold War, when you can make an argument that there was a certain cohesion in U.S. policy, there’s been virtually none with regard to the Greater Middle East. What we have is almost a pattern of random military interventionism justified by all kinds of reasons, few of which have produced anything like a positive outcome, and which cumulatively contributed to the destabilization of the Greater Middle East.

I couldn’t agree with you more on that latter point. An American imperium bent on incessant expansion and more or less global dominance is among your bedrock descriptions for what we now live with. Two of the biggest questions on any paying-attention American’s mind are just how dangerous this is and whether there is any plausible prospect of change: a new American ambition, purpose or however you want to put it. What are your views in each case? The danger of it and the plausibility of change.

In the danger of pursuing the imperium?

Yes. You have a lot of non-Americans saying the American foreign policy is the single most disorder-creating factor in global affairs today, right?

Well, the preliminary point is to understand where this urge to create a global imperium came from. And several facts contributed. One of which is the long-standing, deeply embedded claim of American exceptionalism, which assigns to us a responsibility to transform the global order in our own image. That goes back to the founding of Anglo-America, the City upon a Hill.

Winthrop’s sermon in 1630, to be exact, yes.

Right. But the end of the Cold War and the nearly simultaneous military event we call Operation Desert Storm gave the first twist to that long-standing expectation of what we are called upon to do. The end of the Cold War persuaded American elites in both parties, people on the left and people on the right, that liberal democratic capitalism was destined to triumph everywhere, that the last ideological challenger had been vanquished.

The “end of history” is set.

The end of history is set. So that seemed to bring the vision of global hegemony that much closer. Desert Storm seems to demonstrate—this is not so inaccurate, misleading—that the United States is in possession of military powers such that the world has never seen. We believe by 1991 that we have not only vanquished the last standing ideological opponent, but that we have achieved a military supremacy.

Now you combine that sort of generalized mission to save the world with the end of history and with the belief that we now possess the means to exercise dominance, and you have a very explosive combination that, by the 1990s, makes global hegemony seem possible. Of course, the 1990s is not the decade of the evil neoconservative and the bad Republicans. It’s the decade of Bill Clinton, of the liberal Democrats calling the shots. But if you look at what happens in the 1990s, you find this expansive rhetoric. They don’t use the term “empire,” but it is an imperialistic rhetoric, and you also find, under Clinton, a growing willingness to put that American military power to use. To do what Clinton would argue would be good things in the world. And that takes the form of a far greater willingness to intervene. In Somalia, in Haiti, in Kosovo, in Bosnia, with the expectation that somehow this interventionism is going to produce stability, spread our values, help to bring into existence this new American-dominated order. Problem is, of course, that the results are considerably different. Instead of creating stability we create instability, and, of course, the chickens come home to roost on 9/11, with the attacks on Washington and New York.

We’ll come back to this question of exceptionalism in a minute.

You’ve been proven right times 10 in arguing a long time ago that the thought of post-Cold War disarray in American policy circles—no aim, no strategy—is wrong. The aim from the first Bush and Clinton onward has been to cast the world in the American image, just as you said: open markets, a sort of extreme capitalism. That leads straight to the problem of exceptionalism, as you’ve just suggested. I take it you agree. Now, here’s the question: If the problem is the consciousness of exceptionalism, the matter of change becomes more daunting. You’re not talking about changing a law, you’re not yet talking about changing how many divisions we ought to have in Guam. You’re talking about changing a kind of national consciousness.

So, returning to the previous question, how realistic is this? You mentioned in Providence, “We must learn the lessons.” It’s a good phrase: Of course we must learn the lessons. But, time and again I have to say to myself: I don’t see any evidence of learning in Washington. They’re allergic to the past. They can’t stand history. We’re a nation of forgetters. How realistic is it to expect them to learn anything? And if we don’t learn anything, we’re in a very bad track.

Well, and I am certainly not optimistic about our willingness to learn. You’re right, it’s easy to say learn the lessons, but you don’t learn the lessons unless there’s evidence of some kind of willingness.

So what’s your thought on that? How can we expect to—

My thought is hope lies, however faint the hope may be, in the possibility of introducing—reintroducing—into the debate over foreign policy a sense of realism. One of the great obstacles to rethinking U.S. foreign policy is the extent to which both of the major parties buy into, I think for mostly cynical reasons, the premises of American exceptionalism. So here we are, you and I are speaking. We’re in sort of the preliminary stages of the 2016 presidential campaigns, and it is not difficult to predict that from both sides we will hear calls for American leadership. The insistence that there is no alternative to American leadership, the promises of sustaining American strength—

Correct. And so, the best one can hope for is somehow—not that a critic of foreign policy is going to win a nomination; they’re not—but somehow, someone capable of critical thinking with regard to foreign policy could at least make it far enough into the primaries to introduce—

Yes, someone you figure like Webb or something? [Jim Webb is a former Marine, secretary of the Navy and senator from Virginia sometimes mentioned as a potential Democratic candidate in 2016.]

Bingo. So my hope: I would love to see Webb declare—there’s not a chance that he will get the nomination.

No, but he could influence the conversation.

To have Webb up on the stage with Hillary Clinton and the two or three other figures that may make a run for the Democratic nomination, and forcing a discussion on, for example, the consequences and cost of the Iraq war, would be a helpful thing. There was a time when I would have said the same thing about Rand Paul on the Republican side, but in the present moment I’m not so sure. My current sense is that he is so eager to win the nomination that he is willing to compromise on his non-interventionist principles.

And if he does, that will be a lost opportunity. In a sense, who ends up being president is, at this stage of the game, of less interest than whether or not the process of presidential campaigning can bear some fruit in terms of opening up a serious discussion of exactly where we are, and how we got here with regard to foreign policy.

It’ll come over as a very sour view. I’m not sure it’s mine, but it’s becoming mine and there’s optimism at the far end of it: I often think we’re just going to have to get one bloody nose too many before we come to our senses. It’s a matter of very deeply ingrained habits of mind, right?

Well, I once shared that thought, and now I’m despairing even of that, and I’ll tell you why. Back in 2008, when President Obama was running for the first time — talk about a bloody nose. I mean, we had two bloody noses. The first was the catastrophic Iraq war. The was the financial collapse of that year. I entertained some brief hope that the two of them, the intersection of those two, would lead large numbers of American people to say, “What the hell is going on?”

“Let’s rethink.” And one could argue that the election of President Obama suggested a desire to see some rethinking, but it sure the heck didn’t bear fruit.

I was in Hong Kong that morning—it was morning for me when McCain capitulated, 11 at night your time.

And then the Grant Park speech?

I don’t mind saying I wept. I thought, “We’ve redressed 150 years of our own history, and on the foreign side, the whole world is going to exhale.” That night in Hong Kong, not only every American there was out in the streets—the bars were crammed—but many Chinese were, too. Everyone was relieved. It’s a measure of the disappointment to come, but that’s another line of inquiry.

Actually what you said I think is very interesting. There was something very important, symbolically important, in the election of an African-American. And the passage of time has by no means diminished the significance of his election in that regard. The problem was, it sort of reinforced naïve expectations that I think many Americans are susceptible to: that whoever the president happens to be, that person has the capability to change the world. And one of my great convictions has come to be that that’s totally malarkey.

That we may say, “The president is the leader of the free world, the most powerful man in the world.” (They’ve all been men.) But the truth is that presidents are constrained.

Ever more, I’d say.

Ever more. And that therefore, expectations that they’re going to have a transformative effect simply are naïve, and that’s what we have seen. In this president, who did inspire such extraordinary hope—and, yes, I agree with you, hope that extended beyond simply the American electorate—he’s not a bad president. He’s not a failure on the scale of George W. Bush. But he’s been a disappointing president, even though he’s disappointed because so many of us entertained these exaggerated expectations of what he was going to do. Had we had realistic expectations we’d probably be saying, “Well, actually he’s not done a very bad job.”’

I mean, he’s avoided catastrophes, which is not a bad standard.

I think that the Eisenhower revisionism, which seems to be pretty deeply rooted at this point—I think not too many people would say that Eisenhower was one of the greats: “He deserved to be on Mount Rushmore.” But if we look at the run of presidents over the past 60 years or so, we still like Ike, because he avoided catastrophes.

Reading the book by your colleague, what’s his name? Senior moment. The New York Times correspondent. “The Brothers” [on Allen and John Foster Dulles].

Stephen Kinzer. It was a superb gathering of everything out there. For readers such as me, perfect. One of the things that comes over is that Eisenhower was a considerably more complex man than given credit for at the time and for many years thereafter. His resistance to this or that from the Dulles brothers… I hope he gets his revisionist historian, and I certainly look forward to Obama’s presidential historians. I hope there’s somebody who can bring the complexities of his presidency out properly. Anyway, another conversation.

The question here: Who is more potent as an influence on policy now, or maybe the more detrimental to the development of a constructive one: liberals of the evangelical kind bent on a sort of neo-Wilsonian agenda, or traditional hawks such as McCain and others of a similar stripe? Neoliberals or conservatives, in other words.

Well, the answer to the question, in my mind, is both equally, because both tend to share the same expectations about what U.S. military power can do. The right wants to use military power to spread freedom. The left wants to use military power to protect the innocent, but both on the right and on the left, proponents of intervention lack a prudent understanding of what military power can do, what it can’t do, and the likelihood of unintended secondary consequences that result from the use of military power.

The question of humanitarian intervention keeps popping up, particularly since the Clinton years. And now with Samantha Power, a person I have absolutely no time for at all, at the U.N., is this country, just speaking very plainly and realistically, is this country capable of a humanitarian intervention wherein we can keep our mitts off things and not turn it to some other-than-humanitarian purpose? It’s a practical question.

I think almost every so-called humanitarian intervention has—the proponents of intervention are using the humanitarian notion to justify action that actually derives from other purposes. One exception to that statement could well be the Somalian intervention that George Herbert Walker Bush initiated back in 1991, but I think if you look very deeply at things like Kosovo, at Bosnia, at Clinton’s intervention in Haiti—if you look very closely, under the humanitarian rhetoric, there’re other factors shaping U.S. policy. The real issue for me is that, for those who do genuinely believe that U.S. foreign policy should have a significant humanitarian dimension, I would urge them to think more deeply about why humanitarianism should express itself by sending in U.S. forces with guns. If we care—if we genuinely care, let’s say at the present moment, about the well-being of the Syrian people—there are ways to alleviate the suffering of at least some of them without putting a single American soldier at risk. Put simply, remove the people who are in jeopardy from the dangers that they face. Bring them here. You want to save 200,000 Syrian lives? Good, then move 200,000 Syrian refugees from the awful, squalid camps that they’re inhabiting and let’s resettle them here in the United States of America.

Now to say that, of course, one would immediately respond by saying, “That’s politically impossible! The American people who live in Iowa, or who live in Pennsylvania, or who live in New Mexico don’t want 200,000 Syrian refugees in their midst.” My response would be: “Yes, of course, that’s true. The impetus is not so much what can we do to benefit people who are suffering: The real impetus is, What can I do to ease my conscience because I’m bothered by all these people suffering. Oh yes, I know, let’s send U.S. forces into the Syrian civil war, and that’ll make me feel better about our inaction.” Of course, to do that is to produce the results that you are suggesting—simply, to make matters worse. There was an argument that we needed to depose Saddam Hussein because he was a cruel and oppressive dictator, but the consequences of deposing Saddam Hussein have not actually been very positive—

— as viewed from a humanitarian perspective. Indeed, we have, through our efforts in that country, produced instability, killed people, displaced people, and contributed to such vast human misery as to make a mockery of the humanitarian claims that, to some degree, provided the rationale for invading the country in the first place.

I had this question for later, but let me put it to you now. You mention in some of the things you write, it comes up all the time: public indifference. It’s reached an astonishing level.

I myself wonder if it hasn’t been purposely cultivated after the uproar over Vietnam. About a month ago the German foreign minister, Frank-Walter Steinmeier, who is a Social Democrat, finished a year-long review of what the federal republic should do with its foreign policy looking out into the future. It had many different elements. As far as procedure is concerned, create a separate department in which people from all manner of disciplines are put in one room. So you have economists and development people and educators and military people and what have you all there. The policy to emerge is multidimensional. As he put it, there has to be something more than pointless conversation and shooting people.

[Laughs] That’s pretty great. Is that the way he phrased it? More than talking—pointless talking and shooting people? [Laughs]

Anyway, here it is. Do you think it’s realistic? I wrote a column about it; I’m very impressed with this guy. Of course, Social Democrats from Germany don’t play well in America, but that’s all right. What do you think of this notion? The possibility of a more rounded policy in this country.

I’ll mention another question, since I’m scrambling them up. Herbert Croly, the great Progressive Era critic, distinguished between a nation with purpose and a nation with destiny. I don’t think I have to explain the difference to you. Purpose gives you practical, earthly things to do. Destiny gives you ill-defined missions. Do you see that this is a transition we have to make, and can we see our way to something along the lines of what Steinmeier is talking about? Without being attacked as a bunch of milquetoasts who have lost our nerve? Is that the direction we need to go in?

Yes, I think so, and why won’t we? Well, because powerful people in powerful institutions are deeply invested in the status quo. I mean let’s talk about the distribution of clout in the foreign policy establishment, where the Department of Defense wields such enormous authority, despite the fact that there is little evidence that the prevailing notions of national security actually produce very positive outcomes. There’re a lot of people and a lot of institutions that benefit from our reigning understanding of national security. Certainly, the armed services, certainly the intelligence community, certainly the defense contractors. Certainly a variety of think tanks, even academic programs—all would be loath to see Mr. Steinmeier’s conception of statecraft be implemented. But this does get to your earlier point about public indifference, that—

I forgot to mention one thing about his program, his policies. The most important point, leading to this: He insists that foreign policy be removed from all sequestration—my word, not his—and involve the public so that a nation’s activities abroad reflect the aspirations of its people. That’s a big one. You know how— That’s a real big one! And again, for members of the foreign policy elite, why would they want to do that? Why would they wish to surrender their privileged position? Why would that want to open the game up to allow genuine involvement on the part of the American public? And there’s no need for them to do that, because the public has been so conditioned over the past 60 years to defer, to accept the fact that, of course, things must be done in secret, to accept the notion that there’s a cadre of people who are smarter than you and me, who possess insights and expertise to figure out how to navigate our way in a dangerous world. My answer to that would be: They don’t have to “want to do it.” They have to be made to do it. I don’t care if they want it or not. I agree, but making that happen would require very intense pressure. The pressure’s going to have to come from the American people, and the American people, having been conditioned to see their role as basically a passive one, don’t do that. I mean, here as we sit, we are once more, whether we like it or not, involved in an Iraq war. The very fact that this new Iraq war has begun indicates that the previous Iraq war of 2003 to 2011 was a failure. A costly failure. A many-trillion-dollars failure. And yet, there is astonishingly little public interest in requiring any kind of accounting for that debacle. Here we are in the 14th year, we’re approaching the 14th anniversary of the beginning of the Afghanistan war, which is another failure. The president says he wants us out of Afghanistan by the time he leaves the Oval Office, and that that would be part of his legacy. But is there any serious human being who thinks that when we leave Afghanistan we will be able to claim success? We are going to leave Afghanistan, and the Afghanistan war is going to continue. Well, where is the public outcry for an explanation of how the longest war in American history is on a course to end in failure. Why doesn’t anybody care? It’s like that old movie “Network.” I can’t remember the name of the protagonist in “Network.” “I’m sick and tired of this and I’m not going to put up with it anymore!” But we live in a country of people that do put up with it. “I’m mad as hell and I’m not going to take it anymore.” One of the things Kissinger taught us was that you can’t conduct a foreign policy in the long term without domestic consensus. That’s what we learned in April ’75. I’m not sure that’s true anymore. You can if you have one thing: public indifference on a grand scale. As you say: All sorts of things in a majorly wrong direction are done without any kind of domestic objection. I’d like to turn to your new work in progress as you outlined it when you spoke in Providence. You’ve got 10 Theses to propose nailing to the door, Luther-like. Taking apart what you cast as a single war in its fourth decade across the Middle East. Can you expand on the core thought and the focus of the new work? Well, I have been struck by the extent to which the use of military forces since 1990 has tended to see them sent to various places in the Islamic world. When I was a young man growing up we fought in Asia, whether those wars were well-advised or not, but Americans fought and died in Korea, Americans fought and died in Vietnam. When I was a young man, Americans were willing to fight for Europe, maintain very large-scale U.S. forces in Europe until the end of the Cold War. But there was no particular interest in having Americans fight and die in the Islamic world. The single exception to that was Eisenhower’s very brief and entirely bloodless intervention in Lebanon, which was in 1958. All that began to change after Carter’s promulgation of the Carter Doctrine, and since then, this is now three and half decades, we have had a long string of U.S. military interventions in the Islamic world. My argument is that, rather than seeing these various episodes as unrelated, we should see them as constituting one single war, much as the narrative of the Cold War includes U.S. forces going to Korea, it includes the Berlin airlift, it includes the Bay of Pigs, it includes intervention in El Salvador—a whole variety of episodes. Much the same can be said with regard to Reagan’s intervention in Lebanon, George Herbert Walker Bush’s intervention in Iraq, Bill Clinton’s intervention in Bosnia and Kosovo, etc., etc., etc. Whether we are willing to acknowledge it or not, we’ve been conducting a War for the Greater Middle East that began in 1980 and continues to the present day. Further, I—my new book—will argue that that war isn’t going well. That three and a half decades later, we haven’t won it, we’re not winning it, and the likelihood of simply continuing down the path that we’re on, with the expectation that final victory lies out there just over the horizon, is an absurdity. So there’s great need, in the midst of this war, to recognize that it is a war and to take stock of it. It opens the mind, just a single construct. It opens us to all kinds of new understandings. You have a professional’s knowledge of the military, and more exposure than most to the national security apparatus, which you call “a dead zone” when it comes to new ideas. “Sclerotic” is another one of your terms. Could you talk about the actual state of the American military and the national security bureaucracy? I have to assume we’re not talking about 1.3 million Beetle Baileys, but what have we got in terms of—people who are opposed to these wars probably don’t care, but putting that aside—I’m just curious, what do we have by way of a fighting force and a national security apparatus? Are these sound institutions, or are they in a certain state of not really decay but—I don’t know what the word is, Andrew… I think the word is stagnation. On the one hand, there’s no question that the U.S. military today possesses enormous capabilities. What’s not apparent is that those capabilities are relevant to the political challenges that we face, in particular, in the Islamic world. So it is a instrument not well-suited to dealing with the problems where we have insisted on applying it. And sadly, members of the officer corps by and large lack the willingness to confront the consistent failure of our military actions in that region. It’s interesting that there are a considerable number of general officers who, once they retire, go public with their critique of U.S. policy. Yes, one does notice that. I don’t have a sense that that critique is being voiced—I don’t mean writing op-eds in the New York Times—but the critical thinking is occurring when those officers are on active duty. And what we get instead, of course, is the recitation of platitudes about having the best soldiers in the world and the best military that the world has ever seen. And yet, an absence of taking stock and an absence of measuring outcomes—of acknowledging costs. In the same line, what is your view, as a retired professional, of our dependence on tens of thousands of private contractors—in blunt terms, mercenaries. Can you address cause and effect in this question? After Vietnam, actually toward the end of Vietnam, I should say, when President Nixon terminated the draft, something he did for cynical political reasons, the effect was to abandon the tradition of the citizen soldier and to base the American military system on the idea of a professional soldier. So we created what the founders of this republic would have called “a standing army.” Founders of this republic viewed the standing army as a suspect institution and inappropriate for a republican form of government, but that’s what we did. And, indeed, for a period of time, through to 9/11, the American people generally speaking endorsed that move from a citizen soldier to a professional soldier. It seemed like we were getting good value for the money and it certainly removed obligations from citizens to farm out national security to a special class. A not-inconsiderable cause of the indifference we were talking about earlier. Oh, of course. After 9/11, when the Bush administration’s miscalculations— twofold: one, thinking the Afghanistan war was won when it wasn’t; two, thinking that the Iraq War would be won easily by a relatively small force—at that point, let’s say we’re talking 2004, we suddenly find ourselves engaged in these two wars, needing a lot more soldiers than we have. And a lot more soldiers than we can produce if relying on volunteers. So you’ve got too much war, too few warriors, what do you do? Well, I think the preference would have been to turn to our loyal allies and have them make up the difference. But our allies were either unwilling or unable to fill the gap. They’re just not on for them, a lot of what we have— Well, they’re not on for it, and they’re also actually—the Europeans felt disarmed. You know, the notion that there is a big British army or a big French army or a big German army that can supplement U.S. forces is simply no longer the case. The bottom line is, if you’ve got too much war and too few warriors, you fill the gap by hiring mercenaries, which we did, and which turned out to be not especially effective and to cause huge complications while imposing enormous financial costs. So we end up with this truly bizarre situation, which, again, everybody knows about and yet remains indifferent to. We’re at the height of the Iraq war and the height of the Afghanistan war. We have more contractors in those theaters than we do soldiers. It is truly an astonishing fact, but it’s a fact that quite literally doesn’t matter in any meaningful political sense. As a practical matter it doesn’t matter. It doesn’t matter any more than having trillion-dollar deficits. If you say to the average American, “Do you like trillion-dollar deficits?” “No!” But that doesn’t translate into some sort of collective outrage that is going to result in a balanced budget. “Do you like having mercenaries?” “No!” But that doesn’t translate into any outrage that is going to insist that the practice be revisited. In that sense, it doesn’t. Substantively, it matters. Politically, the issue has no traction. Do you accept, and I assume you do but I won’t take it for granted, that we live in a multipolar world, one with no so-called indispensable nation anywhere? Either way, what would a worthy 21st-century American purpose consist of in your view? My crystal ball is not any better than anybody else’s, but my crystal ball does say that we are moving into a globally multiple order—that, as we advance into this century, the notion of a single superpower will lose whatever limited utility it once had. What are going to be the poles? Well, clearly us. We will remain the most powerful nation in the world. But, also in the first tier, China, probably India, Japan, in its weird way, Europe. Weird in the sense that it has tremendous economic and cultural clout, but limited willingness to use hard power. There is a second tier of other nations whose views will have to be taken into account—Turkey, Russia, Korea—and the prospects for avoiding the kind of catastrophes that made the 20th century such a horror lie in the ability of these several nations to produce some semblance of stability. To create an order in which each is sufficiently invested that no one will overturn the apple cart: that’s a huge challenge. The failure of the great powers in 1914 to maintain their multipolar order is the warning of what consequences will ensue if we fail to create a new multipolar order that has some semblance of stability. And, of course, the problem there is, from a U.S. point of view, it’s unacceptable even to acknowledge that such a world can possibly exist. You can’t even use that word inside the beltway. No, and therefore how difficult it is to even have a conversation about that, much less—and the other thing going on here, that to me is the big game, well, two big games, are—the two big issues, the primary issues—are the creation of a multipolar order and also dealing with the prospects of catastrophic climate change. That’s where smart people need to be focusing their attention. And yet we find ourselves in a situation where so much intellectual energy is being devoted to trying to sort out the Greater Middle East by using American military power. It’s a futile enterprise. It is, thinking broadly, an issue of secondary importance. The fate of the planet is not going to be decided in the Persian Gulf. The fate of the planet could well be decided in whether or not we can get along with China, and China can get along with India and if, collectively, we can avoid having the planet be destroyed by the way we exploit nature. Given events in the Middle East now, do you think that it’s a very momentous time? Netanyahu, whom I call the most dangerous man in the Middle East, has been a curious catalyst, in a certain way. Do you think the U.S. has embarked on a fundamental realignment of its position in the region, or what its interests are, who its allies are? I’m especially interested in your view on relations with Israel and the extent to which Washington is at the moment effectively a captive of these relations, unable to rethink its strategy until this relationship loosens. Well, see, I’m not sure that that assessment pertains. And here I think there is a glimmer of hope, a glimmer of serious strategic thinking, with regard to the region. The issue is Iran. Now, as you and I speak, we don’t know if the details of an Iranian deal will be worked out. Even if they are, we don’t know if the Congress will torpedo such a deal. But let’s just posit for the sake of discussion that we end up with an agreement accepted by all parties to limit the Iranian nuclear program in return for removing the economic sanctions on Iran. What are the implications of that? I think the implications actually go far beyond, and I think the purposes of the initiative go far beyond simply the question of whether or not Iran will acquire nuclear weapons. No, it’s a strategic question, and the strategic purpose is to end Iranian isolation, incorporate them into the regional order with the hope, if not the expectation, that then they will be invested in the restoration of regional stability, as opposed to being invested in trying to promote further instability. Now whether or not we get that is a huge question, but I am persuaded that that is the underlying logic of the Obama administration’s policy here. Now, let’s posit for the sake of discussion that that produces a policy success. The consequences then, for the U.S.-Israeli relationship, are likely to be profound: The deference to Israel that the United States has shown over the past, whatever, 40 years won’t necessarily end—it’s not like there will be a rupture in U.S.-Israeli relations—but that deference will subside, and that a U.S. interest will receive priority as opposed to the interests of the state of Israel. That reality then could well promote a reconsideration within Israel as to how best to pursue its security interests. To oversimplify greatly, Israel could potentially become more accommodating with regard to actually finding a solution to the Palestinian problem rather than taking the hard-line approach of Mr. Netanyahu. And I don’t for a second mean that Netanyahu will change his mind. He won’t change his mind. But Israel is a democracy, and Israeli democracy has tilted to the right in recent years. Changes in the regional order that now bring Iran back into play and that lead to the United States thinking somewhat differently could produce a tilt in Israeli politics in a somewhat different direction. Lots of ifs here, lots of uncertainties, but I do think that that’s what’s really involved. It goes far beyond simply the question of whether or not Iran’s going to acquire a nuclear weapon in the next 10 years. A couple of rapid-fire questions, as we’re near the end here. Should we be bombing ISIS? If not, what? Well, I’ve come to believe that ISIS is such a profoundly evil entity that it needs to be destroyed. I’m not persuaded that American bombing along with American advisers and trainers trying once more to create an Iraqi military is going to produce success, but that is an operational question. What I’m more persuaded of is that if we succeed in destroying ISIS, our success will be limited. In this sense, the conditions that produced ISIS will still exist. This is one of your 10 theses. And that, therefore, we’ll put a stake through that organization’s heart but there will be another organization more or less like it. So yes, let’s go destroy ISIS, but let’s not delude ourselves into thinking that we will have achieved anything fundamental. We will not have done so. Second rapid-fire question: Should the administration investigate, charge, and prosecute those responsible for the torture practices after 9/11? Is it important one way or another? Obama’s “I’m-not-going-to-do-anything-to-anybody policy does come over as rather odd. Well I think there’s great confusion about the whole question of accountability and that when laws are violated or even when policies fail, who should be held accountable? And I think that needs to be clarified. But the answer, I think, the default response is to go get the little fish and let the big fish get away, and that’s a problem. I probably haven’t followed the torture issue as much as I should’ve, but if you take Abu Ghraib as a sort of comparable example, where it was entirely appropriate to court-martial the soldiers who were immediately involved in that, but the accountability of the chain of command didn’t get any higher than a female reserve one-star, who was reduced to colonel. And everybody beyond that got a pass. I think that was wrong. You can take or leave this question, Andrew, but I’ve been wanting to ask it ever since I started reading your stuff: There are a few political perspectives from which to critique American policy, just as there were several ways to object to the Vietnam War. I wonder what yours is. I certainly would be interested, if you’re willing to answer. If you’re not, if you find it irrelevant, simply say so. I’d like to hear what your political perspective is on all these things. For example, in Vietnam we had people who were at the barricades. We had other people who were against the war for the simple reason that we weren’t going to win it. It’s another way of assessing things. I’d be interested in that. Well, I see myself as a cultural conservative. In terms of international politics I see myself as a realist. I tend to have a skeptical view of what military power can achieve. I’m not a pacifist. I do think there is a need for us to have an effective national security establishment. I think it should be used with caution and care. So it’s the promiscuity of U.S. national security policy, especially over the last 25 years or so, that I find so outrageous. That leads to my last question: Can you describe some influential moments in the course of your professional career, in the service and post-, that were key in the evolution of your thinking? Yes, I think so. I served in Vietnam 1970 to 1971, toward the end of the war, and the most profound impression that I took away from that war was the extent to which engaging in a long, futile military undertaking had a deeply damaging effect on American institutions. At that time, my political consciousness had not been raised, and [I] was greatly distressed to see the terrible decay that was occurring within the United States Army. I think the second moment was the end of the Cold War. As somebody who, as  young person, certainly accepted the necessity of waging of the Cold War, but who had come to see the Cold War as an emergency, a departure from the norm, a time when we did things because we had to do them—for example, raising a large military establishment and stationing it around the world and engaging in interventions in far off land—we had to do that, I believe, because the Cold War required us to do so. And, therefore, when the Cold War ended, I naively assumed that we would revert to becoming something more like a normal nation. We would reduce the size of our military, we would reduce our global footprint, we would become more reticent in terms of our intervention. What happened was just the opposite. We became more inclined to intervene, our claims to understand how the world should work became broader and produced, to my mind, disastrously misguided policies. Now, what that caused me to do was rethink my understanding of the origin of U.S. policy. Again, as a young person growing up during the Cold War, I assumed that we did what we did because we had to in order to counter [the Soviets]. They were the problem. Subsequent to the end of the Cold War, I came to the conclusion that we did what we did because of inner requirements, domestic requirements, ideological requirements, economic requirements, bureaucratic requirements, rather than acting out of a sober evaluation of the way the world works and of our interests and our responsibilities to the rest of the world. I don’t want to be reductionist, but to me, more and more, the whole shooting match seems to come down to the problem of exceptionalism and the necessity of breaking that branch. I think it may be the cornerstone and the arch. In other words, if one could discredit the idea of American exceptionalism, then it becomes much easier to have a serious conversation about things like costs. But as long as a president, a presidential candidate, a senator can stand behind the podium and make exceptionalist claims and be applauded, it just seems that undertaking a serious critical conversation about how we got into this mess is going to be very difficult.",1
63,White people have a race — but everyone flips out when we talk about it,"As far as Lee Bebout was concerned, his Arizona State University course, US Race Theory and the Problem of Whiteness, was off to a good start. A multiracial, politically diverse group of undergraduates was enrolled. He’d prepared a syllabus and was ready to lead them in seminar-style discussions, assigning basic readings and weekly papers on the history of race in America and other topics.

But the class had met exactly once in the beginning of the 2015 spring semester, when news of it — or its title, at least — spread past campus. Bebout was at lunch with his wife in January when a producer for a conservative radio show reached out to book an interview about the course. Next, Fox News wanted to talk.

""I thought, ‘Oh god, this might not be a good thing,'"" Bebout, who tends to talk about the controversy in bemused understatements, remembers.

Then came the hate mail. Lots of it. More than one message commanded the 38-year-old professor, who is white, to ""go live in Africa."" The outrage reached a fever pitch that transcended the everyday internet trolling that goes hand in hand with just about any news that relates to race.

""Things got obviously weird,"" he says, ""when white supremacist groups came to my neighborhood.""

It was more than weird — it was scary. He received death threats. All for daring to talk about whiteness.

The people campaigning against the course were incensed at what they understood to be an entire semester dedicated to slamming white people. But the Problem of Whiteness wasn't designed to convince students that white people are a problem. The negative language in the course's title was simply a nod to how tough it can be to talk (or even think) about what it means to be white, when white is so deeply etched in the minds of many Americans as a synonym for ""raceless"" or ""neutral."" The reaction to the course seemed to prove this thesis.

Bebout, then an assistant professor of English (the school stood behind him, and he's since received tenure and is a full professor) had previously taught courses like Transborder Chicano Literature and American Ethnic Literature. He says he created the Problem of Whiteness for practical reasons: ""I can study Chicano studies, I can do critical race theory to some degree, but without understanding whiteness, it felt like there was this big gap that I wasn't able to understand in the field.""

In other words, you really have to understand the idea of whiteness to even begin to talk about race in America. As Columbia University historian Barbara J. Fields told the producers of PBS's series Race: The Power of An Illusion, it was self-identified white Americans of European descent who ""invented race during the era of the American Revolution as a way of resolving the contradiction between a natural right to freedom and the fact of slavery."" Slavery is over, but whiteness remains the identity against which ethnic groups are compared and the identity that racism protects.

You really have to understand the idea of whiteness to even begin to talk about race in America

One white teenager profiled in the new MTV documentary White People put it in plain language: ""White is the default. It's the default race."" That film, which premiered July 22, is a high-profile exploration how young white people perceive their racial identity in a country that's more ethnically diverse by the year, and where they stand to be outnumbered by people who identify as something other than white by 2042.

It's not the first recent effort of its kind. Last year, an interactive film project, The Whiteness Project, gave a platform to the unfiltered views of white Americans, who answered questions like, ""Can you describe any benefits your receive from being white?""

In June, after NAACP official Rachel Dolezal was exposed for going to incredible lengths to distance herself from the white identity she was born with and ""pass"" as black, and white supremacist Dylann Roof was arrested for a deadly attack on a predominately black Charleston, South Carolina, church, the New York Times Sunday Review asked, ""What Is Whiteness""?

The idea that whiteness is deserving of scrutiny is unfailingly and uniquely controversial. Many fret that contemplating what it means to be white is no more than a setup to make white Americans feel ""ashamed,"" as one disgruntled father of a teen featured in White People complains. Others worry that this focus distracts from the plight of members of racial minority groups, or that it irresponsibly offers a new platform to old racist views, without providing sufficient context or correction.

But what's clear is that the days of pretending that whiteness is invisible are over. The turmoil surrounding it is just one of the growing pains of a country that's rapidly changing and struggling to rethink old ways of talking about and analyzing race.

One reason Bebout didn't fully anticipate the intense backlash against his course is that the topic wasn't revolutionary. Examining what whiteness is — analyzing it as a race, a culture, and a concept that has fueled racism — isn't new, particularly in academia.

Bebout's assigned reading list included books that had been around for years: The Possessive Investment in Whiteness (1998), Critical Race Theory (1996), The Everyday Language of White Racism (2008), Playing in the Dark: Whiteness and the Literary Imagination (1993), and more. Bebout points to James Baldwin's introduction to The Price of the Ticket, written in 1985. Tim Wise wrote White Like Me: Reflections on Race from a Privileged Son in 2005.

And contemplating what it means to be white goes back even further than these contemporary texts, to the late 19th century and early 20th century writing of thinkers like W.E.B. Du Bois. Attention to whiteness has had more practical moments, too, like in the curricula of the freedom schools of the civil rights movement in the 1960s, when, as Bebout puts it, ""a lot of black activists were saying, ‘Okay, we need to understand social conditioning of white people.'""

In 1988 came Peggy McIntosh's essay White Privilege: Unpacking the Invisible Knapsack, anchored by a 50-item list of small benefits that white Americans enjoy every day — like ""I can be sure that my children will be given curricular materials that testify to the existence of their race,"" ""I can go into a music shop and count on finding the music of my race represented, into a supermarket and find the staple foods which fit with my cultural traditions, into a hairdresser's shop and find someone who can cut my hair,"" and ""I can be pretty sure that my neighbors in such a location will be neutral or pleasant to me."" Still widely considered the simplest, go-to explanation of ""white privilege"" — which is fast becoming a household term —  it set off a surge of interest in whiteness studies scholarship in the 1990s that's since ebbed and flowed, but has never been a secret.

In recent years, though, something has changed. Energy around the idea that white people have a race and a stake in conversations about race and racism has, very clumsily, begun to go mainstream.

""Controversy about this spikes every five or 10 years. The difference is now we have the internet,"" Bebout says.

This development means the topic has emerged from its cozy, nuance-friendly place in academic and progressive circles. In the hands of the public — sharing articles, offering reactions on Twitter, and typing paragraphs in comment sections — it's simultaneously been treated with skepticism, infused with new life, and violently garbled.

In MTV's White People, Pulitzer Prize–winning journalist Jose Antonio Vargas travels the country to interview a cross-section of young, white Americans: teachers at a predominantly Native American elementary school, a kid from an all-white town who attends a historically black college, a recent high school graduate who frets that she's missed out on scholarships because of her race, and the leader of a workshop on white privilege. Their narratives are supplemented by interviews with experts, and statistics and charts about demographics and attitudes that flash across the screen.

The point? ""We cannot have an honest and real conversation about race in America if we can't talk about what being white means in America,"" Vargas told the LA Times in a pre-premiere interview.

That concept sounds straightforward enough, but it hasn't been easy to digest.

In part due to the provocative language of an initial casting call that asked potential subjects, ""Are you being discriminated against for being white?"" and, ""Are you being made to feel guilty because you're white?"" in addition to, ""Is something making you question the advantages you've had as a white person?"" and the release of a trailer that featured white subjects' unfiltered musings (""You say the wrong thing, and suddenly you're a racist""), the film was met with dread.

Anticipatory critiques rolled in. There was knee-jerk negativity from the usual — often conservative — suspects who resist most any conversation about race, and who seem to sniff out that scrutiny of whiteness might lead to thinking critically about racism in America in a way that clashes with their ideology. (They're right: It often does.)

Rush Limbaugh, for example, dismissed Vargas as a ""a renowned illegal immigrant"" and then, honing in on the use of the term ""white privilege"" in the trailer, offered his conservative listeners an ominous description of the film, whose potential damage, he seemed to argue, had been underdiscussed.

But the disapproval runs deeper and is more complicated than that. Mention ""whiteness"" as an area of study, and some will recoil at the assumption that it's code for ""white supremacy,"" as in the antagonistic ""White History Month"" campaigns that tend to crop up as pushback against African American History Month and what critics see as out-of-control multiculturalism. From others, it will elicit eye rolls in anticipation of petty complaints about imagined hardships and reverse racism.

""I can't tell if this is actually supposed to be funny or serious but it's kinda hard not to laugh when a white dude exclaims, ""You say the wrong thing and suddenly you are racist!"" before the words ""WHITE FRUSTRATION"" wrote Kristen Yoonsoo Kim for Complex.

""The white people featured in the documentary come from all walks of life, but they have one thing in common: They all seem like a bunch of whiny white people,"" wrote Yesha Callahan of the African-American news site the Root.

The film has also been criticized by those who saw it in its entirety and thought its aims were worthy but worried that it fell short at times, presenting some white subjects' unsophisticated attitudes and statements without sufficiently challenging their premises. In a conversation between Slate TV critic Willa Paskin and staff writer Aisha Harris, the two agreed that it would make an insufficient teaching tool. Paskin dubbed it a ""pretty great idea for a documentary that was a little too remedial with and gentle on, well, white people."" Harris agreed, noting, ""But we spend so little time with each of them, and the conversations are edited so heavily, that it always felt rushed. ""

It's true, White People is short — under an hour long — and it was heavier on feelings than on history or scholarship of American racism. But it was, after all, made for MTV. And despite the short viewer attention span that it seemed to anticipate, it managed to offer some instruction, dispelling the myth that white students are at a disadvantage when it comes to college scholarships, criticizing colorblindness as a tool for combating racism, and even giving viewers a peek into an actual classroom lesson on white privilege.

And with this topic, even a flawless production would have had to contend with a different issue: not hostility to the message, but disinterest. Some members of the main group that must buy into analysis of whiteness for it to work — white Americans themselves — simply don't see the appeal of scrutinizing their own racial identity. And it's fair to ask: If they don't have an academic interest like Bebout's, what's in it for them?  As Nell Irvin Painter, a professor of history at Princeton University and the author of The History of White People, wrote for the New York Times, whiteness is often perceived as being ""on toggle switch between ‘bland nothingness' and ‘racist hatred,' neither of which is particularly appealing.""

""Whenever the words ‘whiteness' or ‘white privilege' get uttered by nonwhite people, people's reflexes go all the way up,"" Vargas told BuzzFeed News in November 2014, anticipating reactions to the documentary.

""White people think race is something outside themselves, and they don't consider themselves a race""

Perhaps he was primed after the response to The Whiteness Project, the interactive investigation designed to explore how Americans who identify as white think about and experience their ethnicity. The project elicited similar reactions the moment the series of video interviews in which residents of Buffalo, New York, responded to questions like, ""What does it mean to be white?"" hit the internet.

""White people think race is something outside themselves, and they don't consider themselves a race,"" Whitney Dow, the 53-year-old filmmaker behind the project, said, echoing a common talking point among people campaigning for attention to whiteness.

In many cases, his interviews made his point for him, with subjects seemingly wanting to weigh in on anything but whiteness, railing against diversity or affirmative action in responses like, ""I just don't buy into the nonsense about discrimination,"" and, ""Because slavery happened, does that mean we owe black people something?""

Dow said the people who initially criticized the concept made up two main groups. ""One is from the right, on the conservative side, who say, ‘Why are you stirring something up? Everybody needs to forget about race and stop talking about it. We just need to move on.' The other side is from the left, who are saying, ‘You're just another white guy who won't let go of the microphone. You're putting all this stuff out here that's incredibly wounding for us to hear, and it's really, really outrageous what you're up to.'""

Dow ultimately got to explain the project's intended message — mostly, that white people do have a racial identity, and that it almost never gets any serious attention — in a series of interviews (including this one, with Vox). He said plenty of others looked past the often abrasive — and, yes, racist — statements of the interviewees to glean larger lesson of the project. While he says the intended audience of the project was his fellow white people, one of his favorite examples of a positive response is from a black woman who he said told him, ""It was incredibly cathartic and relieving to see that white people are grappling with the same thing, that they feel like their whiteness is somehow defined in opposition of blackness. Seeing that we're grappling with the same things gave me some sort of inner peace.""

But the whiteness trend is not just fodder for films and internet debates. It's gaining a foothold in American culture — the real-life, in-person kind.

New York City's private Fieldston Lower School made headlines in May for a new program that splits up kids, starting in third grade, into racial ""affinity groups"" where they are encouraged to have frank conversations about their identities and experiences, and then reunite for a curriculum designed to ""foster interracial empathy.""

What makes the program unique is that it isn't just for the black, Latino, and Asian students. White students have their own group, too — and participation is mandatory. Mariama Richards, the school administrator behind the program, told New York magazine's Lisa Miller that when other schools have affinity groups, ""they send the white kids to recess."" But true integration, she said, ""doesn't happen if only half the people are talking about it.

""What I am suggesting is that we all have skin in the game. I'm suggesting that we all need to be involved in this conversation,"" Richards said.

That idea — that white people have an identity worth thinking about, and a natural stake in tackling racism — is taking hold.

While the Fieldston kids don't have any more of a choice in participating in their groundbreaking, mandatory program than they do in studying math or English, the adults in one Boston organization do, and they're coming in droves.

This is the description for potential members of Meetup.com's Boston Knapsack Anti-Racism Group, just one of the many groups around the country for and by white people who are committed to racial justice.

Typical events include ""Book group: Reproducing Racism — How Everyday Choices Lock in White Advantage"" and ""Strategies for Moving White People Into Racial Justice."" The group's name is a nod to Mcintosh's ""Invisible Knapsack"" essay on white privilege.

According to Michael Martin, a black 28-year-old software engineer from Springfield, Massachusetts, who is one of the largely white (he guesses about 60 to 70 percent) group's seven organizers, membership has ""exploded"" in the months since Michael Brown's death in Ferguson, Missouri, drew national attention to racially biased policing and larger issues of racial inequality. A lot of white Bostonians wanted to know where they fit into the solutions.

""Once everything happened, there was an immediate response,"" he said.

The group now reports about 100 active members. Martin says they show up with varying degrees of literacy about racism, but with an earnest interest in combating it — and not in a kumbaya, colorblind, ""I don't see race"" sense, at least if he has anything to say about it. He considers it his responsibility, as one of the leaders and one of a handful of black members, to keep conversations on track by reminding members that American racism and white supremacy are bigger than one-on-one interactions. ""We never let anyone get out of any of our space thinking that there isn't systemic racism that's happening,"" he said.

Martin is not surprised by the recent surge of interest in the group. ""I definitely think there is a cultural moment"" surrounding whiteness and white Americans' role in fighting racism, he said. ""I think it needs to be pulled more and more out of academia. This is something that's affecting people whether they have a chance to go to a four-year university or not, and we need to have a conversation about it.""

Scrutinizing what it means to be white in America is new, and it's hard. There's the fact that so many people have solidified the view that talking about race is bad or that ignoring the labels we all use is the best way to address it. But even once you get past that, there's a cognitive struggle even among people with the best intentions and most enthusiasm to grasp that ""whiteness is not the planet all the other planets revolve around.""

""I didn't see the value in thinking about whiteness and why that would be important — I wanted to talk to people who were different than I was""

That's how Drew Philp, the 29-year-old author of a forthcoming book expanding on an BuzzFeed essay that grappled with his role as a white man moving into Detroit, describes the concept.

But he remembers when he didn't get it. As a student at the University of Michigan in 2007 he was selected to participate in the school's Program for Intergroup Relations — and part of his role was to facilitate a class for his peers.

He was not excited. ""Initially I was very resistant to it, personally,"" he said. ""It was an idea I'd never been exposed to in any manner. I felt maybe that I was being cheated of some experience, and I didn't see the value in thinking about whiteness and why that would be important — I wanted to talk to people who were different than I was.""

He's now come all the way around to appreciate whiteness studies, but the memory of his college experience means he understands people who don't.

""A new idea making its way through the culture is difficult in general, and people, myself in included, are trained in a lot of ways when it comes to race. Millennials are the first generation when it's been unacceptable to be an overt racist in all public spheres. So talking about whiteness triggers folks. [They worry], ‘Maybe we're going to make a wrong step.'""

He hasn't held back when it comes to publicly criticizing these missteps, though. In 2014, as a film critic for the Detroit Metro Times, he penned a scathing review of a White People, a stage production by Brooklyn playwright J. T. Roger, arguing that while ""the conversation around whiteness is sorely needed,"" this particular piece of art went awry, with characters who ""are all defined, not by their whiteness as something specific and definable, but by their descriptions of people of color and violent interactions with other races.""

He slammed the show with an astronomy metaphor: ""White People looks at the gravity and the satellite moons, forgetting the star. Everything but white people.""

It's a common sentiment. Matt Johnson, who penned Loving Day, a novel in which a biracial protagonist navigates questions or race, color, and identity — and who's written about his own biracial identity — recently tweeted a concise take on this dilemma: ""Whiteness can't take being focused on. Whiteness only accepts being the lens that focuses.""

That could partly explain why Bebout is used to people recoiling and resisting the concept of his course. His tactic is to diffuse their anxiety with a joke (Yes, I teach about how white people are awful), and then, once they're disarmed, deliver a well-honed elevator pitch that tells a more accurate story: ""Look, what I'm interested in is how white people have experienced race in the United States, and they have not necessarily experienced it the same ways as people of color. They experience it by not talking about it or not seeing it or talking about race in a very coded way. Or talking about race in one way at home and another way in public. I'm interested in how white folks experience race and how that experiencing of race is informed by and also reinforces racial inequality.""

He makes the topic, which has proven to be so complicated, sound simple.

And he'll be teaching it again next semester.",1
2323,N.J. Gov. Christie walks a fine line on gay marriage,"Governor's position on gay marriage may reflect and effort to preserve opportunity to run for president in 2016

As activists push states to recognize gay marriages, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie — conservative Republican governor in a blue state and a 2016 presidential possibility — is walking a fine line between two electorates and two elections.

Christie vetoed same-sex marriage legislation last year and severely criticized the Supreme Court's decision striking down a ban on federal rights for same-sex married couples. At the same time, he is ""adamant'' that same-sex couples deserve equal legal protection, wants a referendum on gay marriage, and vows to abide by a same-sex marriage law if the voters approve it.

He's tiptoeing between constituencies. First are the voters of New Jersey: polls show they favor same-sex marriage, and Christie wants them to reelect him in November by a big margin. Then there are Republican caucus-goers in Iowa. Christie needs their backing if he runs for president in 2016; in 2012, evangelical conservatives, who generally oppose gay marriage, made up 57% of Republican caucusgoers in the state, according to exit polls.

And there is a third group of voters to think about: swing voters across the nation, who might go for a Republican presidential nominee who is sufficiently centrist.

To appeal to those voters, Christie ""will want to not be perceived to be as far right as many Republicans are,'' says David Boaz of the Cato Institute, a libertarian think tank. ""That's a lot of tightropes to walk.''

Christie, who is Roman Catholic, has said he does not believe being gay is a choice, nor is it a sin, and that he has gay friends who argue the issue with him. Marriage, he said last year on CNN, is ""special and unique in society.'' He followed his veto in of the gay-marriage bill in February 2012 with a call for a statewide referendum on whether to allow same-sex marriage by constitutional amendment.

""When you want to change the core of a 2,000 year-old institution, the way to do that is to put it in front of the voters,'' he told reporters July 2.

A referendum would allow same-sex marriage to pass in New Jersey without his fingerprints — or as he said at a town-hall-style meeting last month: ""I don't have to compromise my principles that I believe in and someone else doesn't have to compromise theirs.''

Christie is in the same position as his party. The Republican platform says marriage is only for couples of different sexes, but Chairman Reince Priebus has said that the Republican Party should be open to those who favor same-sex marriage. ""I don't believe we need to act like Old Testament heretics,"" he told USA TODAY in March. Instead, Republicans ""have to strike a balance between principle and grace and respect.''

Garden State Equality, a leading advocate for same-sex marriage in New Jersey, opposes a referendum saying civil rights should not be on the ballot. ""It should never be up to the majority to vote on the rights of the minority,'' spokesman T.J. Helmstetter said.

Same-sex marriage advocates are now lobbying New Jersey legislators to override Christie's veto before the end of the year, when the window to do so expires. Christie is too powerful a party leader to let that happen, says Ben Dworkin, director of Rider University's Rebovich Institute for New Jersey Politics.

""I can't envision a situation where the Republican votes that are needed to get the two-thirds override would come, given this administration's history,'' Dworkin says. ""The Christie administration sees no reason why any Republican should really ever override a Republican governor. That's their logic, so I'd be shocked if it ever got to happen.""

Last year, Christie nominated a gay judge (a Republican) to the state Supreme Court, a first for the state. Last month, when the Supreme Court ruled on Defense of Marriage Act, he called it ""insulting"" to the Congress and president which passed the law.

Troy Stevenson, executive director of Garden State Equality, said, ""I don't like to pretend I can get inside the mind of the governor, but I think the closer we get to him having future political ambitions the more staunch his opposition gets to marriage equality.""

But Jimmy LaSalvia, a founder of GOProud, a Republican gay-rights group that favors same-sex marriage, gives Christie credit for not trying to change the subject. ""He's one Republican who doesn't say 'I believe marriage is between a man and a woman. We need jobs and the economy is hurting,''' says LaSalvia, who now works with the ACLU trying to pass same-sex marriage state by state. ""He's willing to talk through the issue in a way that no other Republican has the balls to do.''

Christie has to make his political calculus now, even though ""he doesn't know how much public opinion will change between now and 2016,'' Boaz says. ""Will people be more liberal then? Is the country? Yes. But the Republican primary electorate, maybe not so much.''

Public opinion on gay marriage has changed rapidly. Four years ago, 37% of Americans favored same-sex marrage. Now, 51% do, according to the Pew Research Center.

Iowa and New Hampshire, traditionally the first states to hold presidential nominating contests, both allow same-sex marriage – which could mean voters there no longer focus on it as an issue. ""Those people in those states have been living with (same-sex marriage) for a while,'' LaSalvia says. ""I don't think any of us knows how the issue is going to play in 2016 because it's moving so fast.'' An October poll sponsored by the Iowa Republican, a news site, showed Iowans favor gay marriage 49% to 42%.

Iowa has allowed gays to marry since a 2009 state Supreme Court decision – and voters remain conflicted about it, says pollster Ann Selzer, who conducts the Iowa Poll for the Des Moines Register, ""You ask them on the street and nobody can say that their lives have been affected. But you ask them if they like it and they don't.'' In a poll taken a month after the 2012 caucuses, 64% of Republicans favored a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage.",1
2367,Democrats Push to Prevent Gun Sales to Terror-list Suspects,"Congressional Democrats are trying to build support for an effort to bar gun purchases by terror suspects, hoping to take advantage of the same public anxieties about security that gave Republicans a ringing House victory.

The Democratic push seems likely to fall victim to opposition from the National Rifle Association and congressional gun-rights backers, chiefly Republicans, who have smothered firearms curbs for years. If the Republicans who control Congress block votes on the proposal, Democrats hope to profit politically by winning sympathy from angry voters.

""By leaving this terrorist loophole open, Republicans are leaving every community in America vulnerable to attacks by terrorists armed with assault rifles and explosives purchased legally, in broad daylight,"" Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., said Friday in a written statement.

The bill by Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., would have the attorney general compile names of known and suspected terrorists, likely drawing from huge lists the government already keeps. Federally licensed gun dealers would be barred from selling firearms to people on that list if government officials believed they planned to use the weapons for terrorism.

Gun dealers are prohibited from selling to 10 categories of people, including many convicted criminals or those with severe mentally illness.

But people appearing on the government's terror watch lists — including those kept off from airlines — are not automatically disqualified from buying weapons from gun dealers. The FBI is notified when a background check for the purchase of firearms or explosives generates a match with the watch list, and agents often use that information to step up surveillance on suspects.

By law, people can try persuading the Justice Department to remove their names from terror lists or can file lawsuits challenging their inclusion. The lists are overwhelmingly composed of foreigners.

Between 2004 and 2014, people on one terror watch list underwent background checks to buy guns 2,233 times and were allowed to make the purchase 91 percent of the time, according to a March report by the Government Accountability Office, an investigative agency of Congress.

NRA spokeswoman Jennifer Baker noted that there have been numerous instances of innocent people mistakenly added to terror lists. She also accused Democrats of trying to take advantage of heightened public alarm following last week's attacks in Paris, which claimed at least 130 lives and for which the Islamic State, which has also threatened the U.S., has claimed responsibility.

""It is appalling that anti-gun politicians are exploiting the Paris terrorist attacks to push their gun-control agenda and distract from President Obama's failed foreign policy,"" Baker said.

Feinstein's measure echoes legislation that the late Sen. Frank Lautenberg, D-N.J., proposed repeatedly over the last decade and that Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y., has long pushed. None of those measures has ever received a vote.

Feinstein introduced her bill in February. But last week's mass killings in Paris have injected new life into terrorism and public safety as top-tier political issues.

Just Thursday, Republicans took advantage of voters' security jitters and muscled legislation through the House preventing Syrian and Iraqi refugees from entering the U.S. until the administration tightens restrictions on their entry. Forty-seven Democrats voted for the bill, ignoring a veto threat by President Barack Obama, who said the current screening system is strong and accused Republicans of playing on panicked voters.

House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., did not respond directly when asked Thursday if he favored barring people on terror lists from buying guns. ""We are just beginning this process of reassessing all of our security stances,"" he said.

Donald Stewart, spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., said McConnell has not said whether he would be open to a vote on Feinstein's bill.

But opposition from Republicans and some Democrats to curbing firearms runs deep, and such legislation would require support from 60 of the 100 senators. Democrats could not attain that margin even when they had a Senate majority in the months after the 2012 massacre of 20 first-graders and six adults in Newtown, Connecticut.

Though the Senate had showdown votes on gun curbs in early 2013, it did not revisit the issue as the 2014 elections approached and Reid opted to protect vulnerable Democrats from potentially angering constituents.

The GOP-run House has held no votes on major gun control measures since the Newtown killings.

Feinstein's bill isn't the only gun-related measure Democrats may pursue. A measure by Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., would bar gun sales to foreigners in the U.S. from the 38 countries from which visitors need not have visas.",1
4259,"Contests in South Carolina, Nevada to test the appeal of the outsiders","The strength of anti-establishment fervor in the 2016 president campaign faces a twin test Saturday, with Donald Trump favored to win the Republican primary in the crucial state of South Carolina and Sen. Bernie Sanders battling Hillary Clinton for supremacy in the Democratic caucuses in Nevada.

Establishment Republicans have yet to fully coalesce around an alternative to Trump, though Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida, who stumbled in New Hampshire, hopes to rebound in Saturday’s balloting in South Carolina and cement himself in that role.

Clinton still enjoys strong support from the Democratic establishment, and her goal in Nevada is to blunt the momentum ­Sanders acquired from a victory in New Hampshire and then move on next week to South Carolina, where she enjoys broad support from African Americans.

A big Trump victory in the ­Palmetto State would stamp him clearly as the Republican front-runner, while a Sanders win in Nevada would raise more questions about Clinton’s appeal and add to the pressure on her to score a big victory in South Carolina.

All polls in South Carolina show Trump leading, though they differ over the size of his margin ahead of the next two candidates, Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and Rubio. In Nevada, where polls are scarcer, Sanders and Clinton appear to be in a dead heat. The Vermont senator has appealed to younger Hispanics to support his candidacy in an effort to counter claims that he cannot attract minority votes.

South Carolina’s Republican primary has a history of identifying the eventual nominee and often embracing the establishment’s choice of candidates. That pattern was broken four years ago when former House speaker Newt Gingrich handily defeated Mitt Romney. Trump threatens to do the same with a victory Saturday, which would further unsettle party regulars.

This weekend marks one of the few times when the Democratic and Republican calendars diverge. Republicans will hold caucuses in Nevada on Tuesday, and Democrats will have their primary in South Carolina on Feb. 27.

[In S.C., the GOP contest looks more and more like a three-man race]

As the leading outsiders in the presidential race, Trump and Sanders continue to underscore the frustrations with politics as usual on both the left and­ right. Trump has tapped anti-immigration sentiment in particular and has drawn energy from working-class white voters. ­Sanders has energized younger voters as part of a grass-roots constituency that has given his candidacy surprising strength.

“There is a shift in the establishment and thinking of Republicans in South Carolina from mainstream, center-right Republicans to angry, hard-right Republicans,” said Katon Dawson, a former South Carolina Republican Party chairman who is not aligned with any candidate. “It’s a monumental shift against the pillars of our society: our government and our elected officials.”

That reality has put establishment candidates on the defensive in South Carolina, and none more so than former Florida governor Jeb Bush. Once the nominal front-runner for the GOP nomination, Bush could find his candidacy in serious jeopardy if he finishes poorly Saturday, as some polls suggest. The other establishment candidate, Ohio Gov. John Kasich, is hoping for a finish just strong enough to justify his focus on the March 8 Michigan primary as his best hope for a victory.

The tone of the South Carolina campaign has been overwhelmingly negative, and not only because of the millions of dollars in attack ads that flooded television stations in the final week. The candidates themselves have carried on an acrid dialogue in which the words “liar” and “lying” have been injected into campaign rhetoric at a volume rarely seen even in a state known for brutal intra­party contests.

[Liar, liar: A charged word is now common in the GOP race]

In the last hours before the primary, Trump sought to brush off two recent controversies — one involving former president George W. Bush, whom Trump accused of lying about the existence of weapons of mass destruction in the run-up to the Iraq War in 2003, and the other with Pope Francis, who branded the New York billionaire as un-Christian for his views on immigration.

During a town hall meeting hosted by CNN on Thursday night, Trump softened his tone toward the pontiff and equivocated when pressed by a voter about whether he truly believed that Bush had lied before launching the invasion.

But Trump opened up a new line of attack Friday, calling on supporters to boycott Apple, which has refused requests from the federal government to help unlock an iPhone that was carried by one of the San Bernardino, Calif., terrorists.

Rubio spent Friday flying around the state, accompanied by a trio of leading South Carolina Republicans who have endorsed him: Gov. Nikki Haley, Sen. Tim Scott and Rep. Trey Gowdy. He pressed his argument that he alone among the candidates can unify the party.

But Rubio stressed that would not be enough to win a general election. “We can’t just unite,” he said. “We also have to grow.” In an effort to amplify the message that Rubio represents the future of a more diverse party, Haley described the tableau of a Cuban American senator, African American senator, Indian American governor and white member of Congress as “what the new conservative movement looks like, because it looks like a Benetton commercial.”

Cruz, meanwhile, appeared at a boisterous midday rally in Charleston, where he was interviewed by Fox News anchor Sean Hannity and joined by three conservative endorsers of his own: Rep. Mark Sanford, a former governor here who had not previously declared his support; Phil Robertson of “Duck Dynasty” fame; and David Limbaugh, brother of radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh.

Cruz told the crowd that the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia leaves the high court — and with it many conservative principles — “hanging in the balance.”

He said that before they cast votes they should ask, “Who do we know beyond a shadow of a doubt will nominate and fight to confirm principled constitutionalists who will protect the Bill of Rights?”

Meanwhile, Bush brought in family reinforcements for a final-hours appeal to South Carolinians, campaigning alongside his mother, Barbara Bush. Sixteen years ago, South Carolina resurrected the campaign of George W. Bush after a loss in New Hampshire, and brother Jeb Bush hopes voters will give him a better-than-expected result Saturday.

Trump is favored to win here, but critics say that a disappointing finish could suggest weakness ahead of a round of Southern primaries on March 1. The impact of his recent feud with the pope and his attacks on George W. Bush will be measured against trend lines of late-deciding voters.

Trump faces persistent doubts about whether he has enough supporters to withstand a one-on-one contest in which mainstream conservatives are consolidated behind another candidate.

Katie Packer, who runs an anti-Trump super PAC and was deputy campaign manager for Romney’s 2012 campaign, said she believes South Carolina has the potential to reframe the race as a three-person contest between Trump, Cruz and Rubio.

“There’s still some iterations to be had,” she said. “Everybody wants to rush for this race to be over. . . . We have to be patient and let the voters decide.”

That is a view held by many in the party who fear the impact in November on Republican candidates in other races if Trump is the nominee.

For Clinton, Nevada was supposed to be where months of painstaking grass-roots organizing, plus goodwill in minority communities, would put a stop to Sanders’s momentum after the contests in Iowa and New Hampshire, far less diverse states.

Instead, in an effort to help stanch the bleeding of minority votes, especially from Latinos, Clinton’s surrogates have turned sharply to Sanders’s record on immigration issues, which they said has been checkered by votes in favor of anti-immigration bills and a vote against comprehensive immigration reform in 2007.

Clinton’s campaign has been playing down the importance of the Nevada vote in calls and other discussions with donors and key political supporters. The caucus format plays to Sanders’s grass-roots strengths, and the likely electorate is far less diverse than the state population as a whole, Clinton aides have told donors since her 22-point defeat in New Hampshire.

To emphasize her focus on South Carolina, Clinton received a boost Friday when the influential Rep. James E. Clyburn (D-S.C.) offered his support. “I believe that the future of the Democratic Party and the United States of America will be best served with the experience and know-how of Hillary Clinton as our 45th president,” Clyburn said.

At a late-morning stop in Elko, Nev., Sanders urged a crowd of 575 people packed into a high school gym to participate in Saturday’s caucuses.

“I hope we have a huge — no, yuuuugge — turnout,” Sanders said, playfully stretching out the word in an acknowledgment of how his Brooklyn accent is parodied on “Saturday Night Live” and elsewhere now that he is a national figure.

Sanders’s advisers argue that his message is resonating here in no small part because Nevada was hit hard during the financial crisis and is still feeling the hangover.

“No state more than Nevada understands the impact of Wall Street’s greed and illegal behavior,” Sanders told reporters Thursday en route from Washington to Las Vegas.

Phillip reported from Las Vegas and DelReal from Greenville, S.C. Anne Gearan in Washington; Jenna Johnson in North Charleston, S.C.; Sean Sullivan and Ed O’Keefe in Greenville; John Wagner in Elko, Nev.; Robert Costa in Charleston; and Philip Rucker in Columbia, S.C., contributed to this report.",1
4972,Donald Trump Call For Immediate Shutdown of Clinton Foundation,"Donald Trump called this morning for the Clinton Foundation to be ""shut down immediately,"" describing it as ""the most corrupt enterprise in political history"" in a Facebook post.

""Hillary Clinton is the defender of the corrupt and rigged status quo,"" Trump wrote. ""The Clintons have spent decades as insiders lining their own pockets and taking care of donors instead of the American people.""

Over the weekend, the Clinton campaign insisted the Clinton Foundation would stop accepting donations from foreign countries. They did not explain why such a suspension did not happen when Clinton served as secretary of state.

Critics have pointed to a number of State Department-facilitated deals that involved foreign parties that had made donations to the Clinton Foundation. The 'Clinton system' involves selling access to bad guys.

""What they were doing during Crooked Hillary's time as Secretary of State was wrong then, and it is wrong now,"" Trump wrote.

Earlier this year, the FBI reportedly wanted to open an investigation of the Clinton Foundation after receiving an alert from a bank about suspicious activity by a foreign Clinton Foundation donor, but the Department of Justice (DOJ) nixed it, claiming their own investigation after the book Clinton Cash (now a documentary)was released could not substantiate those allegations the DOJ focused on.",1
294,Louie Gohmert For House Speaker?,"WASHINGTON -- Rep. Louie Gohmert (R-Texas) launched a long-shot campaign Sunday for speaker of the House of Representatives, in the latest episode of the conservative rebellion against current Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio).

House members are set to vote for their next speaker on Tuesday, with Boehner heavily favored to win. Rep. Ted Yoho (R-Fla.) said Saturday that he is willing to serve as an alternative to Boehner. In addition, Reps. Jim Bridenstine (R-Okla.) and Thomas Massie (R-Ky.) have stated that they will oppose Boehner's re-election.

Gohmert's latest objection to Boehner -- although certainly not his only one -- was the speaker's decision to pass the so-called ""cromnibus"" spending bill in December without including a measure to block President Barack Obama's executive actions on immigration.

""It was a terrible strategy and it follows a number of years of broken promises,"" Gohmert said on ""Fox & Friends"" while announcing his candidacy. ""It's time for a change.""

The congressman said that if he were elected speaker, he would fight to end ""amnesty"" for immigrants and Obamacare. He added that he would make sure members got a voice, going so far as to imply Boehner was acting like a ""dictator.""

""We will go through regular committee process so everybody, every representative from both parties, will have a chance to participate in the process and not have a dictator running things, deciding who's the chairman, who gets what committee, what bills come to the floor,"" Gohmert said.

He noted that it would take 29 conservatives voting against Boehner to bring the speakership up for secondary votes, which would be the first step toward eventually electing another Republican as speaker. Only 12 Republicans voted against Boehner for the position in 2013, including Gohmert, Yoho, Bridenstine and Massie.",1
2657,Secretary of Labor Tom Perez on how to fight for social change,"In 2015, Vox talked to Secretary Perez about how social change happens — and the role played not just by government and activists, but by individual interactions between people, and by the slow, relentless force of demographics and history. This interview has been edited and condensed for clarity and length.

Perez's track record has made him something of a lightning rod for the right: when he was nominated for labor secretary, then–Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell called him ""a crusading ideologue whose convictions lead him to believe that the law simply doesn't apply to him.""

His office reflects the importance of both insiders and outsiders: the picture behind his desk is of former Labor Secretary Frances Perkins, the namesake of the building where the department is headquartered, but the picture in the anteroom outside his office is of labor leader and activist Cesar Chavez.

At the same time, he's a close ally of Democratic politicians; he's spent time campaigning for Hillary Clinton during the 2016 primary, and is sometimes mentioned as a possible VP pick if Clinton wins the nomination.

Perez has spent the majority of his career inside government, from the staff of Senator Ted Kennedy to the council of Montgomery County, Maryland. But he's always been closely aligned with activists and movements outside of the government. For a time, he was president of the board of directors of CASA de Maryland, a leading immigration advocacy group; even when he hasn't had an official title, he's worked closely with LGBT organizations, civil rights groups, and labor unions.

Progressive activists haven't always loved Democratic presidents, and they certainly haven't always loved President Obama. At times they've been deeply frustrated with the president and his White House. But at least one senior administration official has remained a progressive hero throughout the entirety of Obama's presidency: Thomas Perez, who ran the Department of Justice's Civil Rights Division during the president's first term and has served as secretary of labor since 2013.

What role does government play in social change? Dara Lind: I think progressives feel a lot of ownership in having you here in the Perkins Building. Tom Perez: That's why her portrait is right behind my back — because she's the gold standard. Dara Lind: Over the course of your career, you've been working very closely with a lot of movements, but mostly from the inside. The big question I want an answer to is what role you think government plays in social change. Do you see this role as primarily leading public opinion and instituting things that people can then catch up to? Or is it mostly responsive to people who are already organizing on the ground and demanding that government respond? When you look at the history of any successful movement, it's always been a partnership. By partnership, I mean there are external forces at work. Also in the anatomy of every successful movement that has resulted in change, whether it's the Civil Rights Act of '64 or the Voting Rights Act of '65 or movements before that — the Fair Labor Standards Act, under FDR, for example. You look at the work of Frances Perkins leading up to the Fair Labor Standards Act, and you look at the work of the external labor movement at that point. And I talk about civil rights and labor rights; I mean, the March on Washington was a march for civil rights and a march for labor rights. Each one of those forces is indispensable to the movement. They’re all really links on a chain. And when you break a link, the chain can be broken. Dara Lind: How have you seen these kinds of partnerships play out over the course of your career? Tom Perez: We had a living-wage movement in Montgomery County, and it would not have been successful without progressive businesses, without grass-roots leadership and faith leaders, and without folks inside Montgomery County government who said, ""This is the right thing to do."" Or moving the needle on the Hate Crimes Bill, for instance — which was, for me, a 15-year odyssey. I can tell you a lot about that one, because I really did had a front-row seat on that. Who is more responsible? I'll let historians judge that. But I think I can say, fairly, that it was all of us working together. And if you didn't have the inside-government person, you wouldn't have gotten it done. What happens when activists are frustrated with their allies inside government? Dara Lind: In hindsight, throughout history, it often seems there's a partnership between inside and outside. In the moment, there can be tensions. I think both of us have seen this recently, with the immigrant rights movement and the administration leading up to the executive actions in November. Tom Perez: Oh, sure. And there were tensions in the hate-crimes bill. There was tension during the drafting: there are existing death penalty provisions, and what do you do about that? Those are fair questions. Those are important questions. The immigrant-rights movement — believe me, these are my very, very good friends. … That doesn't mean, even when you know you have shared values and shared vision, that we haven't had pitched battles. And it doesn't mean that at the end of the day we don't come out with a very clear vision of where to go forward, and sometimes you don't agree at the end. But I think we’re in a good place right now. Dara Lind: In cases where there is direct pressure on the people who are friends of the movement, when have you seen that kind of pressure be effective in spurring them to do better? When have you seen it entrench attitudes and make people feel underappreciated? Tom Perez: I consider myself a pretty passionate person, but I have always tried hard not to personalize things. In the heat of the moment, at times, that's easier said than done, so I think it's really important to keep that in mind. In every debate I had when I was at the County Council, I saw folks on the left and folks on the right who'd do this: when they disagree with you, they also disagree with who you are. They add, ""You're morally bankrupt,"" or something like that. And, you know, we just have different visions of America at times when we see things differently. One thing I learned from Senator Kennedy, and from Senator Paul Simon, and others whom I watched firsthand as a staffer, was that you can disagree without being disagreeable. You can be passionate in your views, but you've got to remember that you have got to work with folks. If you're attacking their integrity as opposed to attacking their point of view on an issue, it just makes it harder to get to the finish line. I think people understand that. But people are human. And as a result, sometimes we do things that perhaps don't move the ball forward.

Dara Lind: The president’s made some substantial changes recently through executive action — on immigration, for example, or raising the minimum wage for federal contractors. There’s often a belief in DC that changing policy through the executive branch isn’t as permanent as getting it done through legislation or waiting for public opinion to come around. Do you feel that's a concern? Or do you feel that changes like this set a standard that society will then rise to meet? Tom Perez: I see them as both. When I look back on the most important civil rights developments in the last hundred years, in the top three for me would be President Truman's executive order integrating the Armed Forces. And I couldn't help but note the parallels in rhetoric with some opponents when he did that, and when we were talking about ""Don't ask, don't tell,"" — ""military readiness,"" and this and that. I had a trial down in Texas when I was prosecuting hate crimes. It was a horrible hate-crime case. I got to be good friends with the attorney for one of the defendants, and he's a World War II veteran. He said once that he grew up in the segregated South, he grew up with attitudes about African Americans, and the singular thing that changed his life was when he fought side by side with them. So I think executive action can be transformational. The Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA, has been in place since 2012. The program applies to many of the ""DREAMers"": young unauthorized immigrants who would have qualified for legalization under the DREAM Act. Under the current DACA program, young unauthorized immigrants who meet certain criteria apply for two years of protection from deportation (it's going to be extended to three years under the new set of orders), and can get work permits once they've been ""DACAmented."" An estimated 1.2 million immigrants were initially eligible for the program, and about half of them have actually applied. Read this Vox feature for more about how well DACA has worked so far. There's no substitute for comprehensive immigration reform. DACA was transformational, but not sufficiently so. I met a DACA kid [see sidebar] yesterday down in Carolina when I was there, and she inspires me. She absolutely inspires me. But she can't get in-state tuition, and, you know, there's a ceiling for her, even though she's better off now than before. So I look at executive action and legislative action as two tools in our toolbox of expanding opportunity. How can progressives organize people who don’t have the time for political activism? Dara Lind: What are the lessons you learned while working and serving on the CASA board that you took with you when you went back to working for the government? Tom Perez: It was something that I understood intuitively as a student in the civil rights movement, but then when you live it, you see firsthand: that change happens from the bottom up. You build things from the bottom up, you organize, and that's how you effect change. And so I'm trying to bring that operating principle to our paid-leave discussion; to our skills movement; to the working families, businesses, nonprofits, faith leaders, and educators working side by side. I just talked to 400 community college presidents and trustees this morning. And we have tremendous opportunities. The wind is at our back economically. But we've got to make sure we have shared prosperity, and the long-term key to that is we need to upskill America. We need to equip Americans, workers, with the skills to compete. And the community I hear the most about this issue from is the business community. And I said to them, ""We need to build a movement around this. I dream of a day when I hear — and, more importantly, Congress hears — as often from the business community about skills as they do about trade or other issues."" If you were to commission a poll of 500 employers right now, skills would be in the top three of their priorities. But we haven't built a movement around it. We're building a movement right now around paid leave and childcare. We live in a Modern Family world, but we have these Leave It to Beaver principles that are still all too frequently in place. I mean, Rebecca, the woman who sat in the box with the first lady at the State of the Union — to put a finer point on their situation, they have two kids under the age of five, their mortgage is $1,400 a month, and their child-care bill is $1,900 a month. You can't survive like that for any long period of time. Dara Lind: The question that raises is: what happens when you have someone who's working to support a family and doesn't benefit from paid leave, or needs to work two jobs because he or she isn't being paid minimum wage — who might not have the energy to be the forces on the ground? How does it affect the ability to build a movement when the people who are most likely to benefit may not be able, or just may not be terribly motivated, to make change happen, because they’re focused on their daily lives? Tom Perez: That’s a huge question. When you look at where we were 100 years ago and you look at where we are now, there was a lot more attachment to institutions — your union, the Elks, the Eagles, bowling, your church or other place of worship. Today, there is more bowling alone. In that context, how do we build movements? I'm inspired by people like Sarita Gupta [executive director of the workers-rights advocacy group Jobs With Justice], and others, who have recognized that we can organize low-wage workers and we can partner with businesses. She's doing the same thing you and I are talking about. And she's working on behalf of exactly the cohort you described: people who understand at a basic level that their life is a struggle, that the playing field isn't level, but they don't have time to go to the rally or go to the union hall, and they may not necessarily have the wherewithal. They need help. That's the voice we have to give. That's why our work is so important. Because there are folks out there with a lot money to spend who are saying, ""I wake up every day figuring out how I can screw unions."" We’ve got to understand this: that there are folks who wake up every day who believe we get ahead in America by squelching workers’ voices, by making it harder for workers to organize and creating more top-down stuff. And I just refuse. The Gilded Age was not a golden age in America. That’s why we do what we're doing here: to service that voice. That's what gets the president out of bed every morning. These are hard battles, because the people we're fighting on behalf of are working two and three jobs. It's not realistic, oftentimes, to ask them to come down to Capitol Hill to do Hill visits.

Dara Lind: On the one hand, you're saying there are people who are working against the ones you are working for. But on a historical scale, attitudes change: people who would have been opposed to integrating the Armed Forces 70 years ago aren’t opposed today. Do you think that kind of change of winning hearts and minds is inevitable? Tom Perez: Usually, I'm optimistic. I believe the moral arc of the universe bends not only toward justice but also toward those who seek to expand opportunity, rather than contract opportunity. At the beginning of the 20th century, there was a big debate about whether to have free access to public education K–12. ""You're going to give out free high school degrees? You don't need that. Come on."" I suspect some of the descendants of those folks are the ones who fought Medicare 50 years later. ""Medicare,"" you know? ""You don’t need that."" There's an album you should look at: Ronald Reagan Speaks Out Against Socialized Medicine. There's actually an album. I think I still have the album cover. I gave it to Diane Rehm one day because I was on her show. Not only did Reagan say Medicare would lead to socialized medicine, he said Medicare would lead to socialism in America. That's what he said in the album. And 50 years later I've met all these people. I met a guy, Ward, in Nashville who got his ACA coverage March 1 and got his liver transplant two weeks later. I met a guy, Victor, two weeks ago in Salt Lake; kidney cancer. And what they both wanted more than anything — ""You know what I want to do most now?"" they say. I'm like, ""No, what?"" I don't know what they're going to say. ""I want to work, I want to get a job again, because I was so sick I couldn't work."" It just makes me ask the question: what's in it for opponents of the ACA for Ward and Victor not to be able to work? And then they have to become a ward of the state. How is that good for the economy? How is it good for health-care delivery to have the ER be their primary care physician? How is that good on any metric of success, putting aside the moral and ethical aspects of that? So I have optimism. Because we are on the right of the facts and we are on the right side of history, and that's how the moral arc has historically bent. It doesn't bend on its own. We are talking about movements and movement building. Dara Lind: Over the course of your career, do you think there are any issues that have suffered setbacks — where you’re now fighting just to get back to where things were when you started out? Tom Perez: I'm going to Selma in a couple of weeks to commemorate Bloody Sunday and 50 years after Bloody Sunday and almost 50 years as we come up. [He looks toward a corner of his office.] I'm looking over there right now because it's John Lewis, one of my favorite people, in the photo. I find it impossible to believe that 50 years after folks fought, struggled so hard, and gave their lives in some cases, the biggest problem in the voting space is in-person voter ID fraud. That is, as Colin Powell said, ""How can a problem be so widespread and yet so undetected?"" I firmly believe we should have a pitched battle about policies. Democracy is all about having passionate debate — respectful but passionate debate. And then at the end of the day, what we should be doing is making sure everybody gets the opportunity to vote. That's why I had some friends on the left who asked me when I was in the civil rights division, ""Why do you spend so much time making sure that veterans, service members, can vote? Because don't you know they vote Republican?"" And I said, ""First of all, I don't know how they vote. Second, I don't care how they vote. And third, I'm offended by that. Because these folks are serving our country and we need to make sure everyone gets access to the ballot. I'm just thoroughly offended by that suggestion."" So we should be having this debate, and then at the end of the day we should all be working together to make it as easy as possible for eligible voters to vote. As opposed to a world in which the strategy is, ""I’ve got to make it harder for my perceived ideological foe to exercise his franchise."" By the way, you might win a short-term victory here and there, but you are swimming into an un-winnable headwind of demographics that will be a tidal wave. And it's totally inconsistent with our values as a nation.",1
686,"If Donald Trump gets rattled by press, how would he handle Putin?","Historically, a vital part of the US presidency is forging relationships with other world leaders. And the going isn't necessarily easier there than it is with the news media – a group that seems to rattle Donald Trump.

How SNL's 'the bubble' sketch about polarization is all too true

US Army vet Claude Copeland, center, speaks during a press briefing outside a Donald Trump news conference in New York on May 31. Following sustained pressure from media outlets, Trump announced the charities that received money from a veterans' fundraiser he held earlier this year.

If Donald Trump loses his cool because of the American media, how would he deal with personal challenges from world leaders?

Or to put it in blunter terms, if Mr. Trump can’t handle ABC, how could he stand up to Vladimir Putin?

It’s yesterday’s combative Trump press conference that sparks these thoughts, of course. The presumptive Republican presidential nominee harshly attacked reporters for pressing him on his promises of charitable aid to veterans’ groups.

Trump called one ABC reporter in the room a “sleaze.” He complained that the press wasn’t giving him credit for being generous. “You make me look very bad,” he said.

But Trump’s evident anger was focused on a contretemps he should have expected. On Jan. 28 he held a televised fundraiser at which he said he’d raised $6 million for vets, including $1 million from his own pocket. Those are things that are easy to check, and reporters did.

In late May, The Washington Post questioned his handling of the money. Some veterans’ groups had indeed received checks, but the total was nothing near $6 million. Trump himself did not appear to have donated anything. What was the deal?

On Tuesday, Trump angrily outlined the donations. His foundation had made many of them, including his own $1 million gift, on May 23, after the Post story ran.

He continued berating the media to the end of the press conference.

“I find the political press to be unbelievably dishonest. I will say that,” he said in closing. “OK. Thank you all very much. Thank you.”

All in all, Trump seemed like someone with a thin skin. And look – the US media is one thing. They’re unpopular, they’re used to being called “Nazi moron” and worse, and it’s easy to hurl insults at them. But what’s President Trump going to do if a foreign leader, having seen this display, decides for his or her own purposes to taunt the new US leader?

Because they will. Personal relationships are a big part of geopolitics, for better or worse. Handling them is one of the most important aspects of the presidency. It’s where the personality of the person sitting in the Oval Office really comes into play.

Think of the blustery Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev hectoring new US President John Kennedy in Vienna in 1961. (“Roughest thing in my life,” JFK confided to a columnist afterward.) Or the rapport that eventually developed between Ronald Reagan and the final Soviet leader, Mikhail Gorbachev. It helped ease the end of the cold war.

American voters shouldn’t worry that Trump will behave toward foreign leaders as he did toward US reporters, campaign spokeswoman Katrina Pierson said yesterday.

Trump would not talk to a roomful of colleagues that way “because they are not treating him the way the media is doing today,” Ms. Pierson said on CNN.

Well, foreign adversaries can be much rougher than ABC or The Washington Post, if they want.

Currently Trump’s problem with foreign leaders isn’t rooted in belligerence as much as in credulity, according to one critic. Trump seems easy to flatter.

Thus Vladimir Putin has said admiring things about Trump, and Trump has responded in kind. Trump has combined some words of admiration for North Korea’s dictator Kim Jong-un with criticism, and North Korea official media has now come out in favor of Trump, notes Jay Nordlinger of the right-leaning but anti-Trump National Review.

“What if the ayatollah Khamenei flatters Trump? Will Trump sweeten the Iran deal?” writes Nordlinger.

If nothing else, the Hillary Clinton campaign is eager to bolster the image of Trump as an unstable entity. It fits with their contention that he’s too risky to entrust with America’s nuclear codes.

Mrs. Clinton’s already uses it as a talking point to help her pivot away from questions about the propriety and legality of her use of a private e-mail server as secretary of State.

Asked about the server yesterday in multiple television interviews, Clinton responded with the same line: “I hope voters look at the full picture of everything I’ve done in my career and the full threat posed by a Donald Trump presidency.”",1
3514,Belgian police hunting 2 mystery bombers believed to have survived Brussels attacks,"A second terrorist took part in the subway bombing Tuesday in Brussels and authorities believe he may have survived the blast, meaning there are potentially two ""mystery bombers"" from the twin attacks on the run, according to reports.

The development means there is an unidentified bomber in both the attack at the Maelbeek Metro station, which killed 20, and the earlier blasts at Zaventem Airport, which killed 11. Both unidentified suspects were captured by surveillance cameras with known suicide bombers.

The French newspaper Le Monde and the Belgian public broadcaster RTBF reported that a man carrying a large bag was seen on CCTV walking with Khalid El Bakraoui, whom authorities believe blew himself up on a train at the Maelbeek station. That possible accomplice also was seen talking to El Bakraoui and did not get on the train that was bombed, police sources told AFP.



What is known of the men suspected of direct involvement in Tuesday’s attacks:

- Ibrahim El Bakraoui, one of two brothers involved, is believed to be one of two suicide bombers who died at the airport.

- Najim Laachraoui, an ISIS explosives expert believed to have built the bombs used in both the Paris and Brussels attacks, was the other suicide bomber who died at the airport. He and Ibrahim El Bakraoui are believed to be the men seen in a surveillance photo pushing luggage carts and wearing solitary black gloves that may have masked detonators.

- A mystery man dressed in white, wearing a dark hat and possibly a disguise who has not been identified was also seen pushing a cart in the surveillance photo. He is believed to have placed a bomb at the airport and fled the scene. Authorities are looking for him.

- Khalid El Bakraoui, the brother of Ibrahim El Bakraoui, is believed to have died in a suicide blast at the Maelbeek Metro station 79 minutes after the airport attack.

- A second man seen with Khalid El Bakraoui and carrying a large bag at the Metro station is believed to have been an accomplice and either died in the blast or is on the run.

ISIS claimed responsibility for the attacks in Brussels, which have laid bare European security failings and prompted calls for better intelligence cooperation.

Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel, in a national mourning speech Thursday, said the attacks targeted the ""liberty of daily life"" and ""the liberty upon which the European project was built.""

""The cries of distress, the cries of pain, the scream of sirens, the apocalyptic images will remain engraved"" on memories, he said.

Security experts have told Fox News the bombers were likely targeting Americans, because the airport blast happened near the American Airlines desk, and the Metro station is near the U.S. Embassy.

In Brussels, authorities were still sifting through evidence gathered in a series of raids immediately following the attacks, which came during rush hour Tuesday morning.



RTBF also reported Thursday that a message found on Ibrahim El Bakraoui's computer Tuesday night does not name Paris attack suspect Salah Abdeslam, as had previously been suspected.

According to the broadcaster, El Bakraoui referenced Mohammed Bakkali, who was arrested last November following the Paris attacks and is suspected of renting out two hideouts to the ISIS cell in Belgium. He is also accused of spying on a top Belgian nuclear official.

""I don't know what to do, I'm in a hurry, people are looking for me everywhere,"" chief prosecutor Frederic Van Leeuw quoted the message as saying. ""If I give myself up I'll end up in a cell next to him.""

The message points to a rising sense of panic among the three suicide bombers.

Police were drawn to the brothers' apartment Tuesday night thanks to a tip from a taxi driver who had unwittingly delivered them to the airport, Van Leeuw said. Inside the northeast Brussels residence they found an apparent bomb-making factory, including 33 pounds of homemade explosives and nails for use as shrapnel.

Neighbors told The Associated Press they had no idea of the brothers' activities and barely saw them until the taxi collected them and their visibly heavy bags Tuesday morning.

One neighbor, who was willing to give only his first name of Erdine, said he was about to drive his son to school when he saw the two men carrying their bags out of the building.

""The taxi driver tried to get the luggage,"" he said. ""And the other guy reached for it like he was saying: 'No, I'll take it.'""



The Associated Press contributed to this report.

",1
2815,The Latest On Iran Deal: Obama Says Deal Provides New Way Forward,"The Latest On Iran Deal: Obama Says Deal Provides New Way Forward

The United States and five world powers have reached a historic agreement with Iran over its nuclear program.

As we've reported, the deal puts restrictions on Iran's nuclear program and also sets up an inspections regime that aims to make sure Iran is meeting its obligations. In exchange, the U.S. and its European partners have agreed to drop tough sanctions, allowing Iran to sell more oil and rejoin international financial systems.

We've got a broad outline of the news at another post. Here, we'll keep up with all the updates that emerge throughout the day. Make sure to refresh this page for the latest:

Update at 8:51 a.m. ET.: Will Fuel An Arms Race

Republican Speaker of the House John Boehner issued a scathing rebuke of this deal, saying it is ""likely to fuel a nuclear arms race around the world.""

Like many other critics of the deal, Boehner said that under the terms announced today, Iran will still be allowed to enrich uranium, and the deal does not outright dismantle Iran's nuclear facilities.

In a written statement, Boehner said in part:

Boehner concluded: ""We will fight a bad deal that is wrong for our national security and wrong for our country.""

Remember, Congress will have two months to review the deal. This statement appears to set up a tough legislative fight between the White House and a Congress controlled by Republicans.

Update at 8:07 a.m. ET: 'Historic Mistake'

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has already expressed his displeasure about the deal.

On Twitter, he said: ""From the initial reports we can already conclude that this agreement is a historic mistake.""

Netanyahu has been opposed to this deal ever since the interim deal was signed in 2013. The prime minister delivered a speech in front of the U.S. Congress warning that the deal would guarantee Iran a nuclear weapon because it doesn't outright dismantle the country's nuclear infrastructure.

Update at 7:39 a.m. ET: Increases Breakout Time

""This is the good deal that we have sought,"" Kerry said.

The bottom line, Kerry said, is that this deal increases Iran's so-called breakout time — or the time it could take Iran to make enough material for a nuclear bomb.

According to Kerry, once the agreement is implemented, Iran's breakout time goes from two to three months to one year or more.

Kerry also said the deal:

— Allows Iran to enrich uranium but to no more than 3.67 percent, which is needed for civilian purposes but is much lower than what's needed for a weapon.

— Iran has agreed to turn its Fordow facility, which is essentially an underground bunker, into a research facility where Iranian and world scientists will work side by side.

— The Arak heavy-water reactor, which could have been capable of starting production on weapons-grade plutonium, will be rebuilt using a design approved by the international community. That design will make the production of weapons-grade plutonium impossible, Kerry said.

Update at 7:17 a.m. ET: An Opportunity For A New Direction

In a speech from the White House, President Obama said that quite simply this deal keeps Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon.

According to Obama, the deal cuts off ""every pathway"" Iran has to get to a nuclear weapon. It also: removes two-thirds of Iran's centrifuges; includes a commitment from Iran not to use its advance centrifuges for a decade; and limits Iran's stockpile of enriched uranium and weapons-grade plutonium for 15 years.

The deal also gives international inspectors what Obama said was 24/7 access to Iran's nuclear facilities.

""That means this deal is not built on trust; it is built on verification,"" Obama said.

Not having a deal, Obama added, would actually allow Iran to inch closer toward attaining a nuclear weapon and would make a military confrontation with Iran more likely.

""We give up nothing by testing whether or not this problem can be solved peacefully,"" Obama said.

The president said his administration would brief Congress on all the details of the deal, but he warned that it would ""irresponsible to walk away from this deal.""

The agreement, Obama said, makes the region and world safer.

""This deal offers an opportunity to move in a new direction,"" Obama said. ""We should seize it.""

Update at 6:59 a.m. ET: A Good Deal

Announcing the deal in Vienna, Federica Mogherini, the high representative of the European Union for foreign affairs, said the deal meant Iran accepted that its nuclear program would remain ""exclusively peaceful"" and that it would ""never seek to acquire a nuclear weapon.""

""We delivered on what the world was hoping for: a shared commitment for peace,"" she said.

She added: ""What we are announcing today is not only a deal; it's a good deal.""

Update at 6:41 a.m. ET: Obama's Speech

While the deal represents a breakthrough — one that leaves behind decades of animosity and years of tough negotiations and secret talks — this is far from over, because the agreement still has to be approved by various world capitals.

President Obama is scheduled to speak at 7 a.m. in an effort to begin trying to sell the deal to the American people and a recalcitrant Republican Congress, which has two months to approve the deal.",1
4062,"Senate Dems back down on Iran, say won’t support sanctions bill yet","A group of Senate Democrats on Tuesday eased off their push for new Iran sanctions, potentially taking the wind out of the bipartisan effort to muscle through the legislation in the face of a President Obama veto threat.

In a reversal, Sen. Bob Menendez, D-N.J., announced at a Senate committee hearing that he and his Democratic colleagues had written to Obama telling him they would hold off on supporting legislation that he helped write. The bill was co-authored by Republican Illinois Sen. Mark Kirk.

""We will not support passage of the Kirk-Menendez bill on the Senate floor until after March 24, and only if there is no political framework agreement,"" Menendez announced.

The legislation would tee up new sanctions against Iran if the country fails to strike an acceptable deal curbing its nuclear program. Though the final deadline for those talks is the end of June, March 24 is the soft deadline to reach the outlines of a deal.

Menendez wants to give the Obama administration until that deadline to see whether the sanctions bill is necessary. His office later released the letter, signed by 10 Senate Democrats including Menendez, saying while they support the bill, they will wait until after March 24 ""in acknowledgement of your concern regarding congressional action on legislation at this moment.""

The pushback from Menendez and his colleagues could stall the legislation.

The Senate banking committee, which held Tuesday's hearing, is still set to consider and vote on the bill on Thursday. Asked for comment on Menendez' announcement, an aide to Kirk said only that the bill would be introduced ""shortly"" and has ""broad bipartisan support.""

But if enough Democrats peel off, it could deprive the 54-seat Republican majority of the 60 votes needed to pass the legislation. At the least, supporters likely would not have the two-thirds majority needed to override a presidential veto.

The change-up could, for now, end up averting -- or delaying -- a looming veto showdown between Congress and Obama.

In his State of the Union address, Obama bluntly threatened to veto any bill that could disrupt nuclear talks.

""New sanctions passed by this Congress, at this moment in time, will all but guarantee that diplomacy fails -- alienating America from its allies; making it harder to maintain sanctions; and ensuring that Iran starts up its nuclear program again,"" Obama said. ""It doesn't make sense.""

On Tuesday, Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, urged Congress to hold off, warning of the consequences if lawmakers override a presidential veto. ""If Congress acts to force the president's hand in the next few months by overriding his veto and if doing so contributes to the collapse of negotiation and our heading down the path toward a military confrontation, Congress, beginning with each one of us, will be held responsible.""

Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., on Tuesday backed Menendez' call to hold off on the bill, while saying he would still vote for it on Thursday so the legislation would be ready to go if needed later on.

But Republican lawmakers took issue with the administration's argument that passing the bill could derail negotiations. They argued that if Iran walked away from talks over ""prospective"" sanctions, it shows they weren't serious in the first place. And they reiterated their view that tough sanctions brought Iran to the talks, and it may take the threat of more sanctions to seal the deal.

""It's clear that sanctions brought Iran to the negotiating table and the threat of future sanctions represent Iran's only incentive to successfully conclude an agreement here,"" Sen. Richard Shelby, R-Ala., chairman of the banking committee, said Tuesday.

Menendez said he's ""hopeful"" diplomacy will prevail in the nuclear talks while noting he's ""deeply skeptical"" Iran is willing to make the necessary concessions.",1
5099,"Melania Trump Plagiarized Michelle Obama, a Woman Republicans Said Hated America","Republicans have said for years the first lady hates America, but they defend her words when they come out of Mrs. Trump’s mouth .

An entire section of Trump’s speech—focused on the values she and her husband share—appears to be lifted directly from Obama’s comments on the same subject eight years ago. Back then, Republicans claimed Michelle Obama wasn’t “proud” of her country; now Republicans defend her words when they’re coming out of Melania’s mouth.

The controversy capped a chaotic first day of the Republican National Convention. Monday started with Trump’s campaign attacking popular Ohio governor and former presidential challenger John Kasich as an “embarrassment” for not attending the convention in Cleveland. By afternoon, conspiracy theorist Alex Jones was rallying people outside—until he was interrupted by a popular comedian asking the fringe radio host to “have sex with my wife.”

Not long after, a fight erupted on the convention floor, with anti-Trump delegates demanding a roll call vote before the RNC got underway. At another point, Rep. Steve King was on MSNBC suggesting white people are better than any “sub-groups.” By the evening, speaker after speaker recalled in the most minute detail the attacks on the U.S. compound in Benghazi.

“From a young age, my parents impressed on me the values that you work hard for what you want in life, that your word is your bond and you do what you say and keep your promise; that you treat people with respect,” Melania said [emphasis added]. “They taught and showed me values and morals in their daily life. That is a lesson that I continue to pass along to our son, and we need to pass those lessons on to the many generations to follow because we want our children in this nation to know that the only limit to your achievements is the strength of your dreams and your willingness to work for them.”

“Barack and I were raised with so many of the same values: that you work hard for what you want in life; that your word is your bond and you do what you say you’re going to do; that you treat people with dignity and respect, even if you don't know them, and even if you don’t agree with them. And Barack and I set out to build lives guided by these values, and pass them on to the next generation. Because we want our children—and all children in this nation—to know that the only limit to the height of your achievements is the reach of your dreams and your willingness to work for them.”

Before the convention, Team Trump told CNN that Melania spent five to six weeks working on the speech. She told Matt Lauer on Monday afternoon that she had “as little help as possible” writing it.

“In writing her beautiful speech, Melania’s team of writers took notes on her life’s inspirations, and in some instances included fragments that reflected her own thinking,” spokesman Jason Miller said in a statement late Monday. “Melania’s immigrant experience and love for America shone through in her speech, which made it such a success.”

“This is once again an example of when a woman threatens Hillary Clinton she’ll... take her down,” campaign manager Paul Manafort told CNN. “It’s not going to work.”",1
2161,Yosemite free-climbers reach top of El Capitan,"Two climbers made it to the top of El Capitan in Yosemite National Park on Wednesday, the first ever to scale the 3,000-foot granite wall using only their hands and feet and safety rope.

For 19 days, Kevin Jorgeson, 30, of Santa Rosa, Calif., and Tommy Caldwell, 36, of Colorado, attempted what many considered impossible on one of the world's most difficult climbs: Being the first to ""free climb"" the sheer face of El Capitan's Dawn Wall. They used safety ropes and harnesses to prevent deadly falls, but did not using ropes or climbing aids to reach the top. The two climbed the wall in 32 rope-length sections that climbers call pitches, and they reached the summit around 3:30 p.m. PT.

Patagonia, the clothing and gear maker, sponsored the climb.

Caldwell was the first to finish. He waited on a ledge for Jorgeson, who caught up minutes later. The two embraced before Jorgeson pumped his arms in the air and clapped his hands above his head. Then they sat down for a few moments, gathered their gear, changed clothes and hiked to the nearby summit.

In the meadow below, a crowd broke into cheers. Caldwell's mother, Terry, said her son could have reached the top several days ago, but he waited for his friend to make sure they got there together.

""That's a deep, abiding, lifelong friendship, built over suffering on the wall together over six years,"" she said.

President Obama sent his congratulations from the White House Twitter account, saying the men ""remind us that anything is possible.""

Each trained for more than five years, and they have battled bloodied fingers and unseasonably warm weather. The men often climbed at dusk or later, using headlamps to see, because the rock needs to be cold to keep fingers and hands from sweating and slipping.

Jorgeson fell 11 times over seven days trying to get past one particularly tough section. He took to Facebook on Sunday to publicly celebrate his victory.

""It took everything in my power to stay positive and resolved that I would succeed,"" he wrote.

The climb began Dec. 27 and was expected to take two weeks. It is the realization of a dream that began seven years ago when Caldwell first began climbing the monster rock formation, he said.

They've slept in portaledges — tents attached to the face of the wall.

El Capitan, the largest granite monolith in the world, has about 100 routes to the top. The first climber reached the summit in 1958.

In 1970, Warren Harding and Dean Caldwell — no relation to Tommy Caldwell — climbed Dawn Wall using ropes and countless rivets over 27 days. That duo turned down a rescue attempt by park rangers in a storm.",1
2554,Three Likely GOP White House Hopefuls Back Legal Status for Illegal Immigrants,"Three possible Republican presidential candidates called for legal protections for undocumented workers Saturday, contrasting themselves from the rest of the field.

In remarks at the Iowa Ag Summit, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, former New York Gov. George Pataki and South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham also said they support stricter border security, a position in line with the Republican Party’s conservative base.",1
2542,Scott Walker: Wall on Canadian Border Worth Reviewing,"Republican presidential candidate Scott Walker says that building a wall along the country's norther border with Canada is a legitimate issue that merits further review.

Republican candidates have generally taken a get-tough approach on deterring illegal immigration, but they usually focus on the border with Mexico.

The Wisconsin governor was asked whether he wanted to build a wall on the northern border, too, during an interview Sunday on NBC's ""Meet the Press.""

Walker says law enforcement officials in New Hampshire brought up the topic of building a wall along the U.S.-Canadian border during a recent town hall meeting. He says they raised some legitimate concerns, so it's a ""legitimate issue for us to look at.""

The U.S.-Canada boundary is the longest international border in the world at 5,525 miles long.",1
3373,"State Dept. uncovers nearly 18,000 missing emails sought from ex-Clinton spokesman","State Department officials have uncovered 17,855 emails sent between a former Hillary Clinton spokesman and reporters that the agency long claimed did not exist.

The trove was among more than 80,000 emails belonging to Philippe Reines, a Clinton aide, that were discovered on his State Department account, officials said in court filings Aug. 13.

In response to a Freedom of Information Act request filed by Gawker Media in 2013, the State Department said it had no responsive records. Gawker was seeking official correspondence between Reines and reporters from 33 news outlets.

But State officials responded Thursday with the news that they had inexplicably found 81,159 emails on Reines' "".gov"" email account despite asserting two years ago that none existed. Twenty-two percent, or 17,855, of the emails were likely related to Gawker's request.",1
2116,Environment 'Has Never Been A Partisan Issue' For EPA Administrator,"WASHINGTON -- Before joining the Obama administration, Environmental Protection Agency head Gina McCarthy was a high-ranking official for two Republican governors -- Massachusetts' Mitt Romney and Connecticut's Jodi Rell. But in Washington, she's found herself the target of numerous attacks from conservatives.

""For me, the environment has never been a partisan issue,"" McCarthy told The Huffington Post. ""I deal with science and facts. And I try to make the most reasonable decisions I can, so that the environment can be recognized as really part and parcel of the foundation of a growing economy.""

""I have never had any difficulty working for either a Republican or a Democrat, as long as they allow me to do my job, as long as we can keep politics out of it and real policy involvement in it,"" she said. ""I think that we do a pretty good job here at EPA in trying to stay out of the politics and stay in our lane, which is to really speak for the American public and protect their right to clean air and clean water and healthy land.""

But McCarthy's agency is often the subject of attacks from the right. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) has pledged to do whatever he can ""to get the EPA reined in."" Republican presidential candidate Rand Paul has called the EPA ""abusive and power-hungry,"" arguing that the agency has ""done more harm than good."" During the 2014 election, Iowa Senate candidate Joni Ernst said she'd like to shut down the EPA entirely.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently joked that he's glad he doesn't have McCarthy's job. ""I wake up every morning, I say my prayers and I'm thankful that I'm not the EPA administrator,"" he told a House committee.

McCarthy shrugged off the attacks. ""I’m happy that EPA is doing its job,"" she said. ""I am honored to be able to defend the decisions of the agency and speak on its behalf.""

""As long as we do the job that Congress gave us, with the authorities that Congress gave us, and we do it as well as we can within the law and science, we do it as transparently as we can, I will be able to stand up and be very proud of our efforts,"" she continued. ""We’re doing the work we’re supposed to do. That’s why people are paying attention. But I work for the American public, that’s who I serve.""",1
2654,Obama pushing to diversify federal judiciary amid GOP delays,"In Florida, President Obama has nominated the first openly gay black man to sit on a federal district court. In New York, he has nominated the first Asian American lesbian. And his pick for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit? The first South Asian.

Reelected with strong support from women, ethnic minorities and gays, Obama is moving quickly to change the face of the federal judiciary by the end of his second term, setting the stage for another series of drawn-out confrontations with Republicans in Congress.

The president has named three dozen judicial candidates since January and is expected to nominate scores more over the next few months, aides said. The push marks a significant departure from the sluggish pace of appointments throughout much of his first term, when both Republicans and some Democrats complained that Obama had not tried hard enough to fill vacancies on federal courts.

The new wave of nominations is part of an effort by Obama to cement a legacy that long outlives his presidency and makes the court system more closely resemble the changing society it governs, administration officials said.

“Diversity in and of itself is a thing that is strengthening the judicial system,” White House Counsel Kathryn Ruemmler said. “It enhances the bench and the performance of the bench and the quality of the discussion . . . to have different perspectives, different life experiences, different professional experiences, coming from a different station in life, if you will.”

But Obama’s biggest obstacle is the Senate, where Republicans have frequently blocked judicial confirmation votes for months or, in some cases, years. Obama has 35 nominees currently awaiting votes by the Senate — including several holdovers from 2012 who have been renominated this year — and there are more than 50 additional vacancies awaiting nominees, according to the Federal Judicial Center.

Some conservatives are skeptical of the push to name more women and minorities to the bench, arguing that it amounts to unjustified affirmative action. Curt Levey, an outspoken Obama critic who runs the advocacy group Committee for Justice, said the White House may be “lowering their standards” to nominate more nonwhite judges.

“If they’re talking about achieving [diversity] through aggressive identification of minority candidates, then that’s their prerogative,” Levey said. “If they’re talking about doing it through preferences, having a lower threshold of qualifications for minorities, then I don’t approve. And it’s hard to know which they’re doing. Unlike a college admissions system, where it’s easy to quantify, this is difficult.”

During Obama’s first term, judicial nominations often fell by the wayside in the face of the economic crisis and other policy priorities at the White House. Many liberal allies complained that the president did little to champion nominees once they were named.

“Republicans will throw up every roadblock they can,” said Nan Aron, president of the liberal Alliance for Justice. “We’re counting on the White House and Senate leadership to be more assertive in getting nominees confirmed.”

The White House said it intends to aggressively push for more judicial nominees during Obama’s second term and is hopeful that changes in filibuster rules will help speed up the process. The Senate decided in January to limit debate for district court nominees from 30 hours to two hours, although the restrictions do not apply to nominees for the Supreme Court or federal appeals courts.

Obama has already broken more barriers with his judicial appointments than any other president, aides said. At the circuit court level, four states now have their first female justices, five have their first black justices and two have their first Hispanics. Sonia Sotomayor also became the first Hispanic to serve on the Supreme Court.

“There’s a leveling-the-playing-field goal that is kind of a frame that overrides the whole endeavor,” Ruemmler, who oversees the nominating process, said in an interview.

Obama, a former constitutional law professor, has long argued for a broad set of criteria in selecting judges. When he picked Sotomayor in 2009, Obama said “experience being tested by obstacles and barriers, by hardship and misfortune” was an important qualification for any jurist because it imparts a sense of compassion for ordinary citizens.

The diversity of Obama’s judicial nominees stands in contrast to staff selections at the start of his second term that have been dominated by white men, including White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough, Secretary of State John F. Kerry, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Treasury Secretary Jack Lew.

By contrast, 17 of the 35 pending judicial nominees are women, 15 are ethnic minorities and five are openly gay, according to White House statistics. Six are straight white men.

During Obama’s first term, 37 percent of his confirmed judges were nonwhites, compared with 19 percent for President George W. Bush and 27 percent for President Bill Clinton. The trend is similar on gender: 42 percent of Obama’s first-term judges were women, compared with 21 percent for Bush and 30 percent for Clinton.

Of the 874 federal judgeships, 39 percent are held by women and 37 percent are held by non-whites, according to data kept by the Federal Judicial Center.

“It’s very, very important that these courts reflect the diversity of what’s coming in terms of demographics,” said Nancy Zirkin of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, an advocacy group. “It will be his most long-lasting legacy. . . . Obama, by putting on a diverse number of judges, we believe will shape the courts for years to come.”

Obama nominated Mary H. Murguia for a seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit. Murguia’s parents emigrated from Mexico to Kansas, where she was born.

Others include the first Haitian American, Afro-Caribbean, Vietnamese American and Korean American judges nominated to their respective positions.

One senior Republican Senate aide, who requested anonymity in order to discuss the nomination process, said, “We are going to continue to insist on a level of quality” among nominees.

“We’re not advocating or opposing his diversity goals,” the aide said. “But that should not override the substantive qualifications of the nominees, which are professional competence, judicial temperament, respect for the law, understanding the Constitution.”

Liberal groups have been pressuring the White House to look for diversity not just in race, gender or sexual orientation, but also in professional experience. They want fewer corporate lawyers from white-shoe firms and more public defenders and lawyers from outside what is sometimes called the “judicial monastery.”

“That’s a completely different view than somebody who has only represented General Motors,” Zirkin said.

The Obama judges, many of them in their 40s, also establish a diverse bench of progressives whom Obama or future presidents could tap for Supreme Court vacancies.

One such nominee was Goodwin Liu, Obama’s pick in February 2010 for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit. As a Taiwanese American, Liu was an historic selection. But Republicans stalled his nomination for 15 months, saying that his past writings showing a broad interpretation of the Constitution and his sharp criticism of conservative Supreme Court justices John G. Roberts Jr. and Samuel A. Alito Jr. were so liberal that he did not deserve an up-or-down vote.

“Goodwin Liu should run for elected office, not serve as a judge,” Sen. Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.) said in a May 2011 statement. “Ideologues have their place, just not on the bench.”

According to the White House, Obama’s first-term nominees took an average of 225 days to be confirmed, compared with 175 days for Bush and 98 days for Clinton.

Ruemmler said that there has been “very, very little substantive opposition to any of the president’s judicial nominees.” She pointed to the case of Robert E. Bacharach, a district court judge from Oklahoma whom Obama nominated last year for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit.

Bacharach’s home-state senators, Tom Coburn and James M. Inhofe, both Republicans, supported him. “I like the guy,” Inhofe told the Oklahoman. “I told him that it’s not very often the White House and I agree on anything.”

Still, Senate Republicans filibustered Bacharach’s nomination. They gave no specific reason other than a vow to block all of Obama’s circuit court nominees because 2012 was a presidential election year. In 2004 and 2008, Senate Democrats did much the same to Bush’s election-year nominees.

After 263 days of waiting, Bacharach’s nomination came to the floor for a vote on Feb. 25. It passed, 93 to 0.",1
5119,Why presidential candidates' faith matters less and less to voters,"On the right, Evangelical voters see the need to make political compromises. On the left, morality is increasingly seen through secular eyes.

Though religion still creates clear fault lines among American voters, the importance of a candidate’s own religiousness is declining rapidly.

Two-thirds of Evangelicals are planning to vote for Donald Trump, and two-thirds of religiously unaffiliated “nones” are saying they will support Hillary Clinton, according to a Pew Research Center study released Wednesday.

But the share of Americans who want a president with strong religious beliefs is down 10 percentage points – to 62 percent – from 2008. And the trend is apparent on both sides: the percentage of Republicans who say it is important for a president to be religious is down eight points since 2008. For Democrats, it’s down 13 points.

Yet, for each side, the reasons for the decline differ. On the Republican side, Evangelicals are willing to embrace less-religious candidates in order to maintain political clout, while the growing “nones” of the Democratic Party have shifted to emphasize secular morality over traditional religion.

“For two election cycles now we’ve seen a steady decline in the number of Americans who care if the president has strong beliefs,” says Greg Smith, co-author of the study. “Maybe the attitudes of some religious groups are changing, but more so the religious composition of the entire country is changing.”

Evangelicals have long faced the conundrum of choosing a purist candidate versus choosing a candidate who has broader appeal. Mr. Trump is an example of that – though for some Evangelicals, he represents a particularly big compromise, given his lack of religiosity and playboy lifestyle.

“Evangelicals know that Trump is not the Ted Cruz candidate,” says Chad Seales, a professor of religion at the University of Texas, Austin, and an expert on Southern Evangelicals. “He is not the religious right candidate of the 1990s, but they are making all kinds of concessions to agree with him and reframe him in their world. Trump is the cultural option. There is no doctrine option left.”

Last month, evangelical leader James Dobson called Trump “a baby Christian” and fellow religious leader Ralph Reed said “we accept him for who he is now” because he has showed a commitment to Christian ways.

“He may not be against abortion for evangelical purposes, but we’ll take the end result even it it’s not by the same means,” says Laurie Maffly-Kipp of Washington University’s John C. Danforth Center on Religion and Politics. “When push comes to shove, there has never been a Republican front-runner who has been a pure Evangelical. I think they have compromised before.”

Mitt Romney, a devout Mormon and 2012 Republican presidential nominee, is the latest example of how Evangelicals compromised, embracing a Mormon and a former blue-state governor, note numerous experts.

More recently, the senior pastor of First Baptist Dallas, Robert Jeffress, focused on secular – not theological – similarities in his endorsement of Donald Trump.

“It was never seamless, but the reason it was so successful was that it was able to push the numbers of the Republican Party over the majority – its voting bloc was powerful and cohesive enough,” adds Professor Seales.

But now, he adds, Evangelicals are willing merely to back the political positions, even if there is concern about a lack of religious conviction behind them – as in Trump’s case.

On the other side, the rise of the “nones” appears to be beginning to have an effect. In 2012, 25 percent of Americans claimed no religious preference. In the late 1980s, the number was 7 percent.

That could be at least partly a reaction to the intense fusing of theological doctrine and politics among religious conservatives, suggests Michael Hout, a sociologist at New York University.

“Many ‘new nones’ were people raised Baptist or Catholic but not active,” he says. “As those churches became more overtly political over issues like abortion, inactive liberals who used to identify, quit doing so.”

But experts say Democrats are also increasingly viewing morality outside of religiousness.

“Nones” were among Bernie Sanders's strongest supporters in the primary, notes Mr. Smith of Pew. They were drawn to his vision of a society that takes better care of all – from free college to healthcare to a higher minimum wage.

Moreover, they saw him as a plain speaker whom they could trust. For that reason, they are slow to warm to Clinton’s campaign, with the allegations of email misuse and her connections to Wall Street.

“This is a sign of nervousness about her moral character – which is important because there is a kind of linkage between moral values and leadership,” says Mark Valeri, a professor of religion and politics at the Danforth Center at Washington University.

The result is a curious situation in which Democrats appear to be more worried about the morality of their candidate than Republicans are.

“On the right, Republican, pro-Trump side there is less attention to the personal morality of the leader,” says Professor Valeri. “But because on the progressive side they do reach for high moral reform, there is a desire that Clinton be able to present herself well motivated morally. That’s why the emails, the testimony, the charges, are sticking so hard.”",1
355,"DOJ: Guardsman, cousin charged with supporting ISIL","WASHINGTON -- An Illinois Army guardsman and his cousin, both accused of pledging to wage war on behalf of the Islamic State of Iraq, were arrested and charged as part of an alleged conspiracy to support the terrorist group, federal prosecutors said.

One of the suspects, Illinois Army National Guard Specialist Hasan Edmonds, 22, was arrested late Wednesday night at Chicago's Midway International Airport where he was allegedly preparing to travel to Syria through Cairo to join ISIL's cause.

The other man, Jonas Edmonds, 29, also was arrested Wednesday night at his home in Aurora, Ill., after allegedly telling an undercover FBI agent that he had planned to attack an Illinois military post where Hasan Edmonds had trained. The alleged intent, Jonas Edmonds said, was to kill up to 150 people sometime after his cousin left for Syria.

Charges involving the guardsman represent the second time in less than a week that a suspect with U.S. military ties was linked to an ISIL support case.

A New Jersey Air Force veteran was charged last week with attempting to join ISIL after being turned back by Turkish authorities from an alleged planned entry to Syria.

As recently as Tuesday, the two Illinois suspects and the undercover agent drove to the military post where Edmonds had trained. During the trip, Hasan Edmonds allegedly described the interior of the installation and ""which rooms they should avoid during the attack,'' according to court records.

""Hasan Edmonds also entered the installation and retrieved a military training schedule, which he then gave to Jonas Edmonds,'' the records state.

Since late last year, according to the charging documents, the two suspects repeatedly expressed their allegiance to ISIL in communications with at least two undercover agents who first engaged them through social media.

""I am already in the american kafir (infidel) army ... and now I wish only to serve in the army of Allah alongside my true brothers,'' Hasan Edmonds allegedly wrote in a January e-mail to one of the undercover agents. ""I pray to just one time step foot in the land ruled by the Law of the Quran but I am content to fight and die here in the cause of Allah whenever the target is set and the order is given.''

In a separate communication later the same month, Hasan Edmonds allegedly told the undercover agent that the ""hardest'' part of their planning effort was ""staying under the radar.''

In an apparent reference to the risk posed by undercover government agents, he added: ""Here, they hide and some even pretend to be friends ... We'd like to cause as much damage and mayhem as possible before being granted shahada (martyrdom).''

Both suspects made their initial appearances in a Chicago federal court Thursday afternoon. Their attorneys could not immediately be reached for comment.

Chicago U.S. Attorney Zachary Fardon pledged an aggressive prosecution, citing ISIL's ""agenda of ruthless violence.''

""Anyone who threatens to harm our citizens and allies, whether abroad or here at home, will face the full force of justice,'' Fardon said.

""Distrubingly,'' said Assistant Attorney General John Carlin, who directs the Justice Department's National Security Division, ""one of the defendants currently wears the same uniform of those they allegedly planned to attack.''

If convicted, both of the suspects face maximum sentences of 15 years in prison and $250,000 in fines.",1
1339,Obama will not endorse candidate in Democratic primary race,"President Obama will not endorse a Democratic candidate in the 2016 presidential primary race, White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough said Sunday.

""That's not our job,” McDonough said on NBC’s “Meet the Press.” “That's the job of the party to make those decisions and then they'll take a look at the agendas and the positions of those candidates.""

McDonough said that Obama, in the final 11 months of his presidency, will wait until voters pick a nominee, as he has in the past.

“When the nominee will be set, then the president will be out there,"" McDonough said.

Obama undoubtedly will back a fellow Democrat -- either front-running Hillary Clinton, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders or former Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley.

The president has recently suggested that he will nevertheless get involved in 2016 Senate races in which gun control is an issue, following his recently announced plans to tighten federal gun laws through a series of executive orders that side-step Congress.

Obama’s decision not to issue an endorsement, however, has

 some precedent among recent two-term presidents.

George W. Bush didn’t endorse his party’s nominee in 2008 until March 5, by which point Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., had just about locked up the bid.

Ronald Reagan didn’t endorse his sitting Vice President, George H. W. Bush, as the Republican nominee until May 1988. Reagan said he wanted to wait until the outcome of the nomination race was clear.

Bill Clinton was the only two-termer in the past 30 years to break with the tradition. He endorsed his sitting vice president, Al Gore, in December 1999.",1
5068,Michelle Obama's full DNC speech: Best of the night?,"On Monday night, first lady Michelle Obama gave a heartfelt endorsement of Hillary Clinton at the Democratic National Convention, noting that Clinton engaged her husband in a fierce struggle for the nomination in 2008.

""I trust Hillary to lead this country,"" she said in a speech that provided a parent's-eye view of the White House and its power.

While Mrs. Obama has often avoided overt politics, her frustration with Trump's rise was evident. Without naming him, she warned that the White House couldn't be in the hands of someone with ""a thin skin or a tendency to lash out"" or someone who tells voters the country can be great again. ""This right now, is the greatest country on earth,"" she said.

CNN's Wolf Blitzer said Obama's speech was by far the best of the night. ABC's George Stephanopoulos called it ""polished, passionate and personal."" NBC's Tom Brokaw and Fox News' Juan Williams used the same phrase. ""It was about as pitch-perfect an endorsement as you can get,"" Brokaw said. Williams said, ""The framing of the speech in terms of her children was so pitch-perfect.""

Here's the full text of her speech:

You know, it’s hard to believe that it has been eight years since I first came to this convention to talk with you about why I thought my husband should be president.

Remember how I told you about his character and convictions, his decency and his grace, the traits that we’ve seen every day that he’s served our country in the White House?

I also told you about our daughters, how they are the heart of our hearts, the center of our world. And during our time in the White House, we’ve had the joy of watching them grow from bubbly little girls into poised young women, a journey that started soon after we arrived in Washington.

When they set off for their first day at their new school, I will never forget that winter morning as I watched our girls, just 7 and 10 years old, pile into those black SUVs with all those big men with guns.

And I saw their little faces pressed up against the window, and the only thing I could think was, what have we done?

See, because at that moment I realized that our time in the White House would form the foundation for who they would become and how well we managed this experience could truly make or break them. That is what Barack and I think about every day as we try to guide and protect our girls through the challenges of this unusual life in the spotlight, how we urge them to ignore those who question their father’s citizenship or faith.

How we insist that the hateful language they hear from public figures on TV does not represent the true spirit of this country.

How we explain that when someone is cruel or acts like a bully, you don’t stoop to their level. No, our motto is, when they go low, we go high.

With every word we utter, with every action we take, we know our kids are watching us. We as parents are their most important role models. And let me tell you, Barack and I take that same approach to our jobs as president and first lady because we know that our words and actions matter, not just to our girls, but the children across this country, kids who tell us I saw you on TV, I wrote a report on you for school.

Kids like the little black boy who looked up at my husband, his eyes wide with hope and he wondered, is my hair like yours?

And make no mistake about it, this November when we go to the polls that is what we’re deciding, not Democrat or Republican, not left or right. No, in this election and every election is about who will have the power to shape our children for the next four or eight years of their lives.

And I am here tonight because in this election there is only one person who I trust with that responsibility, only one person who I believe is truly qualified to be president of the United States, and that is our friend Hillary Clinton.

That’s right. See, I trust Hillary to lead this country because I’ve seen her lifelong devotion to our nation’s children, not just her own daughter, who she has raised to perfection, but every child who needs a champion, kids who take the long way to school to avoid the gangs, kids who wonder how they’ll ever afford college, kids whose parents don’t speak a word of English, but dream of a better life, kids who look to us to determine who and what they can be.

You see, Hillary has spent decades doing the relentless, thankless work to actually make a difference in their lives advocating for kids with disabilities as a young lawyer, fighting for children’s health care as first lady, and for quality child care in the Senate.

And when she didn’t win the nomination eight years ago, she didn’t get angry or disillusioned. Hillary did not pack up and go home, because as a true public servant Hillary knows that this is so much bigger than her own desires and disappointments.

So she proudly stepped up to serve our country once again as secretary of state, traveling the globe to keep our kids safe.

And look, there were plenty of moments when Hillary could have decided that this work was too hard, that the price of public service was too high, that she was tired of being picked apart for how she looks or how she talks or even how she laughs. But here’s the thing. What I admire most about Hillary is that she never buckles under pressure. She never takes the easy way out. And Hillary Clinton has never quit on anything in her life.

And when I think about the kind of president that I want for my girls and all our children, that’s what I want.

I want someone with the proven strength to persevere, someone who knows this job and takes it seriously, someone who understands that the issues a president faces are not black and white and cannot be boiled down to 140 characters.

Because when you have the nuclear codes at your fingertips and the military in your command, you can’t make snap decisions. You can’t have a thin skin or a tendency to lash out. You need to be steady and measured and well-informed.

I want a president with a record of public service, someone whose life’s work shows our children that we don’t chase form and fortune for ourselves, we fight to give everyone a chance to succeed.

And we give back even when we’re struggling ourselves because we know that there is always someone worse off. And there but for the grace of God go I.

I want a president who will teach our children that everyone in this country matters, a president who truly believes in the vision that our Founders put forth all those years ago that we are all created equal, each a beloved part of the great American story.

And when crisis hits, we don’t turn against each other. No, we listen to each other, we lean on each other, because we are always stronger together.

And I am here tonight because I know that that is the kind of president that Hillary Clinton will be. And that’s why in this election I’m with her.

You see, Hillary understands that the president is about one thing and one thing only, it’s about leaving something better for our kids. That’s how we’ve always moved this country forward, by all of us coming together on behalf of our children, folks who volunteer to coach that team, to teach that Sunday school class, because they know it takes a village.

Heroes of every color and creed who wear the uniform and risk their lives to keep passing down those blessings of liberty, police officers and the protesters in Dallas who all desperately want to keep our children safe.

People who lined up in Orlando to donate blood because it could have been their son, their daughter in that club.

Leaders like Tim Kaine who show our kids what decency and devotion look like.

Leaders like Hillary Clinton who has the guts and the grace to keep coming back and putting those cracks in that highest and hardest glass ceiling until she finally breaks through, lifting all of us along with her.

That is the story of this country, the story that has brought me to this stage tonight, the story of generations of people who felt the lash of bondage, the shame of servitude, the sting of segregation, but who kept on striving and hoping and doing what needed to be done so that today I wake up every morning in a house that was built by slaves.

And I watch my daughters, two beautiful, intelligent, black young women playing with their dogs on the White House lawn.

And because of Hillary Clinton, my daughters and all our sons and daughters now take for granted that a woman can be president of the United States.

So, look, so don’t let anyone ever tell you that this country isn’t great, that somehow we need to make it great again. Because this right now is the greatest country on earth!

And as my daughters prepare to set out into the world, I want a leader who is worthy of that truth, a leader who is worthy of my girls’ promise and all our kids’ promise, a leader who will be guided every day by the love and hope and impossibly big dreams that we all have for our children.

So in this election, we cannot sit back and hope that everything works out for the best. We cannot afford to be tired or frustrated or cynical. No, hear me. Between now and November, we need to do what we did eight years ago and four years ago.

We need to knock on every door, we need to get out every vote, we need to pour every last ounce of our passion and our strength and our love for this country into electing Hillary Clinton as president of the United States of America!

So let’s get to work. Thank you all and God bless.",1
4729,"Mormon Exodus: Trump, Clinton Tied in Utah at 26%; McMullin 22%, Johnson 14%","On the evening of Oct. 7, after the ""grab-them-by-the-pussy"" tape had been reverberating for a few hours, I tweeted that ""The next polls from Utah should be interesting."" And holy mother of God are they.

A Y2 Analytics poll of 500 likely Utah voters from Oct. 10-11 was published this morning, and the results are the craziest numbers I've seen in an already unfathomable election year: Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are tied at 26 percent, independent conservative Evan McMullin is closing fast at 22 percent, Gary Johnson is at 14, and Jill Stein's at 1. This in a state where Mitt Romney received 73 percent of the vote in 2012, and which Republicans have won since 1976 by an average of 36 percentage points.

This is Y2 Analytics' first Utah poll this year, so we don't have a clean before-and-after comparison yet. As I mentioned in the bottom of this Saturday post about the Mormon-led Republican defection from Trump, two of only three previous Utah polls that included McMullin looked like this:

So as I pointed out in August, Trump was already in an unprecedentedly weak position in the Beehive State before this latest evidence of his moral vulgarity surfaced. Now Mormons (who make up an estimated 55 percent of Utah's population) look poised to run screaming from the Republican Party's standard-bearer. The Y2 survey found that a whopping 94 percent of respondents were aware of Trump's sex-bragging tape, and that McMullin—a Utah native, Brigham Young University grad, and Mormon—was competitive despite only 52 percent being aware enough of him to form an opinion. In addition, according to the Deseret News write-up, ""McMullin soundly beats Trump among those in the poll who identified themselves members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.""

The campaigns of both McMullin and Johnson are based in Utah, so this poll will intensify what was already a top regional priority for both. The Johnson/Bill Weld shop started its latest fundraising pitch yesterday like so: ""A realistic analysis of polling data across the country shows that Governors Johnson and Weld can win 5 or more states by focusing resources in these key purple states.""

Johnson is on the ballot in all 50 states plus Washington, D.C.; McMullin is on just 11 (compared to Darrell Castle's 24 and Rocky De La Feunte's 20). In most of those states, McMullin isn't making much of a measurable dent—in Virginia this week, for example, he recently registered at 1 percent compared to Johnson's 7. But it's also true that his name doesn't always appear on polls, and that many of his states are underpolled to begin with. I would expect him to pull some votes in Idaho (a safely Republican state with the second-largest concentration of Mormons), plus Colorado and New Mexico, each of which feature 2 percent Mormon populations and are easily reachable from the Salt Lake media market.

Gary Johnson, meanwhile, looks to be most competitive in his home base of New Mexico, where a recent poll had him at 24 percent; plus third-party-friendly Alaska, where a recent pre-Trump-tape poll had him at 18 percent. He was also beating the spread between Clinton and Trump in 18 states, last time I ran the numbers.

If either Johnson or McMullin win a state outright, it would mark the first such success by a third-party presidential candidate since George Wallace won five in 1968. With Clinton's lead widening over Trump of late, the drama of such a milestone would lessen. But it would be a huge deal either for a Libertarian Party attempting to cement its status as the third alternative in American politics, or for #NeverTrump conservatives looking to build from the wreckage of a self-damaging election. There is no doubt that the LP will win the overall bronze in the popular vote, but will the conservative alternative sneak past in the Electoral College? The answer to that question will give us some interesting clues about what post-Trump politics will look like in America.",1
1588,Why Clinton remains inevitable — almost,"Unless she’s indicted, Hillary Clinton will win the Democratic nomination.

That kind of sentence is rarely written about a major presidential candidate. But I don’t see a realistic third alternative (except for one long-shot, below).

Clinton is now hostage to the various investigations — the FBI, Congress, the courts — of her e-mails. The issue has already damaged her seriously by highlighting once again her congenital inability to speak truthfully. When the scandal broke in March, she said unequivocally that she “did not e-mail any classified material to anyone.” That’s now been shown to be unequivocally false. After all, the inspector general of the intelligence community referred her e-mails to the Justice Department precisely because they contain classified material.

The fallback — every Clinton defense has a fallback — is that she did not mishandle any material “marked” classified. But that’s absurd. Who could even have been in a position to mark classified something she composed and sent on her own private e-mail system?

Moreover, what’s prohibited is mishandling classified information , not just documents . For example, any information learned from confidential conversations with foreign leaders is automatically classified. Everyone in national security knows that. Reuters has already found 17 e-mails sent by Clinton containing such “born classified” information. And the State Department has already identified 188 e-mails on her server that contain classified information.

The truth-shaving never stops. Take a minor matter: her communications with Sidney Blumenthal. She originally insisted that these were just “unsolicited” e-mails from an old friend. Monday’s document release showed that they were very much solicited (“Keep ’em coming when you can”) and in large volume — 306 e-mails, according to the New York Times’ Peter Baker, more than with any other person, apparently, outside the State Department.

The parallel scandal looming over Clinton is possible corruption involving contributions to the Clinton Foundation while she was secretary of state. There are relatively few references to the foundation in the e-mails she has released. Remember, she erased 32,000 e-mails she deemed not “work-related.” Clinton needs to be asked a straightforward question: “In sorting your private from public e-mails, were those related to the Clinton Foundation considered work-related or were they considered private and thus deleted?”

We are unlikely to get a straight answer from Clinton. In fact, we may never get the real answer. So Clinton marches on regardless. Who is to stop her?

Yes, Bernie Sanders has risen impressively. But it is inconceivable that he would be nominated. For one thing, he’d be the oldest president by far — on Inauguration Day older than Ronald Reagan, our oldest president, was at his second inaugural.

And there is the matter of Sanders being a self-proclaimed socialist in a country more allergic to socialism than any in the Western world. Which is why the party is turning its lonely eyes to joltin’ Joe Biden.

Biden, who at 72 shares the Democrats’ gerontocracy problem, is riding a wave of deserved sympathy. But that melts away quickly when a campaign starts. Even now, his support stands at only 18 percent in the latest Quinnipiac poll. For him to win, one has to assume that Sanders disappears and Biden automatically inherits Sanders’ constituency.

That’s a fantasy, modeled on 1968 when Bobby Kennedy picked up Eugene McCarthy’s anti-Lyndon Johnson constituency. But Joe Biden is no Bobby Kennedy. And in a recent Iowa poll, Biden’s support comes roughly equally from Clinton and Sanders. Rather than inheriting the anti-Clintonite constituency, he could instead be splitting it.

There is one long-shot possibility that might upend Clinton: Biden pledges to serve one term only and chooses Elizabeth Warren as his running mate — now. One-term pledges address the age problem but they are political poison, giving the impression of impermanence and mere transition. Warren cures that, offering the Democratic base — and the Sanders constituency — the vision of a 12-year liberal ascendancy.

When asked on Wednesday whether she had discussed such a ticket with Biden, Warren answered “it was a long conversation,” a knowing wink in the form of a provocative nondenial.

I doubt a Biden-Warren ticket will happen, but it remains the only threat to Clinton outside of some Justice Department prosecutor showing the same zeal in going after Hillary Clinton as the administration did in going after David Petraeus.

Otherwise the Democrats remain lashed to Clinton. Their only hope is that the Republicans self-destruct in a blaze of intraparty warfare. Something for which they are showing an impressive talent.

Read more from Charles Krauthammer’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
4722,Fact-checking the second Clinton-Trump presidential debate,"In the second presidential debate, Donald Trump once again relied on many dubious and false claims that have been repeatedly been debunked. His Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, on occasion made a factual misstep, but it didn’t even compare to Trump’s long list of exaggerations.

Here’s a roundup of 25 interesting and suspect claims. As is our practice, we do not award Pinocchios when we do a roundup of facts in debates.

Trump mixes up a story about a long-ago criminal case. Clinton did not laugh at a rape victim.

In 1975, Clinton — then Hillary Rodham — was a 27-year-old law professor running a legal aid clinic in the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville. After a 41-year-old factory worker was accused of raping a 12-year-old girl, he asked the judge to replace his male court-appointed attorney with a female one. The judge went through the list of a half-dozen women practicing law in the county and picked Clinton.

In her autobiography, “Living History,” Clinton wrote, “I told [prosecutor] Mahlon [Gibson] I really don’t feel comfortable taking on such a client, but Mahlon gently reminded me that I couldn’t very well refuse the judge’s request.” Gibson has confirmed that account in interviews with Newsday and CNN, saying Clinton told him: “I don’t want to represent this guy. I just can’t stand this. I don’t want to get involved. Can you get me off?”

Ultimately, the prosecution’s case fell apart for a number of reasons, including investigators mishandling evidence of bloody underwear, so in a plea agreement the charges were reduced from first-degree rape to unlawful fondling of a minor under the age of 14. Not until 2008 did the victim, Kathy Shelton, realize that Clinton had been the lawyer on the other side. She has since attacked Clinton for putting “me through hell,” and she appeared at a news event with Trump before the debate.

The rape case reemerged when the Washington Free Beacon in 2014 discovered unpublished audio recordings from the mid-1980s of Clinton being interviewed by Arkansas reporter Roy Reed for an article that was never published.

In the recorded interview, Clinton is heard laughing or giggling four times when discussing the case with unusual candor; the reporter is also heard laughing, and sometimes Clinton is responding to him.

Here are the four instances:

Paula Jones, a former Arkansas state employee, alleged that in 1991 Clinton, while governor, propositioned her and exposed himself. She later filed a sexual harassment suit. The case was dismissed by a federal judge, who ruled that even if her allegations were true, such “boorish and offensive” behavior would not be severe enough to constitute sexual harassment under the law. That ruling was under appeal when Clinton in 1998 settled the suit for $850,000, with no apology or admission of guilt. All but $200,000 was directed to pay legal fees.

Premiums are expected to increase overall in 2017, but Trump is cherry-picking from the highest proposed increases in the insurance marketplace.

State-by-state weighted average increases range from just 1.3 percent in Rhode Island to as high as 71 percent in Oklahoma. But the most common plans in the marketplace will see an average increase of 9 percent, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation’s July analysis. These plans have been used as the benchmark to calculate government subsidies.

The vast majority of marketplace enrollees (about eight in 10) receive government premium subsidies. They are protected from a premium increase (and may even see a decrease) if they stay with a low-cost plan. According to the Kaiser Family Foundation, “anecdotal examples of premium hikes or averages across insurers can provide a skewed picture of the increases marketplace enrollees will actually face.”

To support the debunked notion that Clinton’s campaign originated “birther” rumors during the 2008 presidential campaign, Trump once again referenced longtime Clinton ally Sidney Blumenthal and Clinton campaign manager Patti Solis Doyle. But he’s grasping at straws — and once again refused to apologize for his own role in promoting the birther fable.

James Asher, former D.C. bureau chief of McClatchy, has said that Blumenthal “strongly urged” him to “investigate the exact place of President Obama’s birth, which he suggested was in Kenya.” McClatchy assigned a reporter to go to Kenya, and the reporter found the allegation was false, Asher said. (We reached out to Asher several times but did not receive a response.)

Blumenthal, declining to elaborate further, said in a statement to The Fact Checker: “This is false. Period. Donald Trump cannot distract from the fact that he is the one who embraced and promoted the birther lie, and bears the responsibility for it.”

Solis Doyle said in a recent CNN interview that in December 2007, a volunteer coordinator in Iowa forwarded an email perpetuating the birther conspiracy. Clinton “made the decision immediately to let that person go,” Solis Doyle said in the interview.

As in the instance with the Iowa volunteer coordinator, the campaign denounced isolated instances of Clinton’s staffers questioning whether Obama was Muslim. We found that there’s no evidence that she or her campaign were “pressing it very hard” — though some of her supporters did perpetuate the claims in the bitter 2008 primary campaign against Obama.

Trump has used this line of attack throughout the campaign, sometimes saying Hillary Clinton was an “enabler” of her husband’s affairs, saying she would “go after these women and destroy their lives.”

One of the interviews that Clinton’s critics have pointed to is a Jan. 27, 1998, interview on the “Today” show, saying it showed Clinton was discrediting allegations by then-White House intern Monica Lewinsky. This interview took place a week after her husband was accused of having an affair with Lewinsky, and Clinton blamed Republican foes for making false attacks against her husband.

Specifically, critics have pointed to this quote by Clinton:

“I mean, look at the very people who are involved in this, they have popped up in other settings,” Clinton told Matt Lauer. “This is the great story here, for anybody willing to find it and write about it and explain it, is this vast right-wing conspiracy that has been conspiring against my husband since the day he announced for president.”

This interview, by many accounts, was certainly pivotal to saving Bill Clinton’s presidency, as his wife forcefully backed him. But by Hillary Clinton’s account at the time, her husband had not yet admitted the Lewinsky affair to her. That did not happen until Aug. 15, 1998, according to her memoir.

Moreover, at the time of the interview, Lewinsky also denied there had been a relationship. Her lawyer had submitted an affidavit on Jan. 12 from her saying she “never had a sexual relationship with the president.” Lewinsky did not begin to testify before the independent prosecutor about the full extent of the relationship until July 27, six months after the “Today” show interview. Lewinsky testified for 15 days, after which the president finally confessed to his wife.

See our in-depth fact-checks on this here and here.

While Trump has ramped up the attacks on the Clintons and the sex allegations against Bill Clinton, the record shows that Trump dismissed or minimized these very allegations for many years. Trump dismissed the women involved as losers and not attractive. Trump even suggested that Americans would have been more forgiving if Clinton had slept with more beautiful women.

Here are some examples (see more here):

In 1998, Trump attacked Paula Jones, who had sued Clinton, alleging sexual harassment: “Paula Jones is a loser, but the fact is that she may be responsible for bringing down a president indirectly.”

In 1999, Trump faulted Bill Clinton for the way he handled the Lewinsky scandal, and complained about his choice in women: “He handled the Monica situation disgracefully. It’s sad because he would go down as a great president if he had not had this scandal. People would have been more forgiving if he’d had an affair with a really beautiful woman of sophistication. Kennedy and Marilyn Monroe were on a different level. Now Clinton can’t get into golf clubs in Westchester. A former president begging to get in a golf club. It’s unthinkable.”

During a 2001 interview, Trump again expressed sympathy for Bill Clinton, arguing that the former president’s biggest mistake was answering questions about his sex life. Trump said he likes Clinton, and finds it all too easy to understand why the then-president found it hard to answer the question: “Did you f— Monica?” “What he should have done is fought for years not to answer it,” Trump said in the interview. “I mean, isn’t it amazing and terrible that a guy — a president — is put in that position? He could have gone down as truly great and, instead, you know, he’ll be viewed somewhat differently, which is really a shame.”

Trump always makes it sound like this is U.S. taxpayer money — and he always uses a too-high estimate. Because of international sanctions over its nuclear program, Iran had billions of dollars in assets that were frozen in foreign banks around the globe. With sanctions lifted, in theory those funds would be unlocked.

But the Treasury Department has estimated that once Iran fulfills other obligations, it would have about $55 billion left. (Much of the other money was obligated to illiquid projects in China.) For its part, the Central Bank of Iran said the number was actually $32 billion, not $55 billion.

There is no evidence this was the case in the 2015  terrorist attack that killed 14 people. There have been unconfirmed second- or third-hand reports — a friend of a friend of a neighbor — that a neighbor claimed to have noticed suspicious activity but did not report anything for fear of doing racial profiling. The religion of this supposed neighbor is unknown, but presumably a fear of racial profiling would suggest the neighbor was not Muslim.

Trump is technically correct on the timeline, but Clinton’s staff had requested the emails to be deleted months before the subpoena, according to the FBI’s August 2016 report. Moreover, there’s no evidence Clinton deleted the emails in anticipation of the subpoena, and FBI director James B. Comey has said his agency’s investigation found no evidence that any work-related emails were “intentionally deleted in an effort to conceal them.”

PolitiFact compiled a helpful timeline of events relating to Clinton’s release of her emails, based on the FBI report. From their timeline:

On July 23, 2014, the State Department agreed to produce records pertaining to the 2012 attacks in Libya, for the House Select Committee on Benghazi’s investigation. In December 2014, Clinton aide Cheryl Mills told an employee of the company that managed her server to delete emails on her server unrelated to government work that were older than 60 days.

On March 4, 2015, the Benghazi Committee issued a subpoena requiring Clinton to turn over her emails relating to Libya. Three weeks later, between March 25 and March 31, the employee had an “oh s—” moment and realized he did not delete the emails that Mills requested in December 2014, he told the FBI. The employee then deleted the emails and used a program called BleachBit to delete the files.

This is just totally false.

We have found no evidence of his early opposition. Trump expressed lukewarm support the first time he was asked about it on Sept. 11, 2002, and was not clearly against it until he was quoted in the August 2004 Esquire cover story titled, “Donald Trump: How I’d Run the Country (Better).”

But by the middle of 2004, many Americans had turned against the war, making Trump’s position not particularly unique. In light of Trump’s repeated false claim, Esquire has added an editor’s note to its August 2004 story, saying, “The Iraq War began in March 2003, more than a year before this story ran, thus nullifying Trump’s timeline.” We have awarded this claim Four Pinocchios, compiled a timeline of all of Trump’s comments prior to the invasion in March 2003, and even a video documenting how this is a bogus claim.

Trump is simply wrong when he says the United States is the highest-taxed nation in the world.

The Pew Research Center, using 2014 data, found that the tax bill for Americans, under various scenarios, is below average for developed countries.

In 2014, according to comparative tables of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), revenue as a percentage of the gross domestic product — the broadest measure of the economy — was 26 percent for the United States. Out of 34 countries, that put the United States in the bottom third — and well below the OECD average of 34.4 percent.

Clinton overstated the impact of the 2011 New START (Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty) agreement, which she helped negotiate as secretary of state.

New START placed tighter limits on deployed strategic weapons, but Russia was actually already meeting the treaty’s limits, for the most part, when the treaty’s implementation began. Indeed, Russia has increased deployed nuclear weapons from 1,537 in February 2011 to 1,796 in September of this year. Also, the treaty does not restrict either country from stockpiling weapons, nor does it require them to destroy any existing weapons.

Russia’s total nuclear warhead arsenal has been on a steady decline, from 40,000, since 1986. During Obama’s presidency, Russia’s nuclear warhead total has hovered around 4,500 since 2012.

Trump cites an Internal Revenue Service audit as his justification for not releasing his federal income tax returns, but the audit does not prohibit from releasing the returns. Richard Nixon, who started the tradition of presidents and presidential candidates releasing their returns, did so in the middle of an audit.

Moreover, Trump has not released his tax returns from before 2009, which are no longer under audit, according to his attorney.

Presidential candidates have no legal obligation to release their returns, but there has long been a tradition to do so for the sake of transparency. Hillary Clinton has released three decades’ worth of tax returns.

The toppling of Libyan dictator Moammar Gaddafi — at the hands of Libyan rebels aided by U.S. and NATO air power — has led to highly unstable governance as the country’s tribes have vied for influence and power. There are rival governments based in the capital of Tripoli and the eastern city of Tobruk, and neither has fully recognized the “unity” government established by United Nations mediators.

The National Oil Corporation (NOC) claims to be operating independently without taking orders from either of the country’s rival governments, though a rival NOC appears to have been set up in the east. ISIS has attempted to step into the power vacuum. But not a single expert or news article that we consulted said that ISIS has grabbed a single oil field. Instead, militants appear to be trying to disrupt the flow of oil, mainly by scaring workers away.

Claudia Gazzini, a Tripoli-based senior analyst at the International Crisis Group, told The Fact Checker it was not true that the Islamic State has control of any Libyan oil.

“While it is true that ISIS has attacked oil fields in the Sirte basin area and destroyed key equipment there, they have not sought to keep control of the oil fields,” Gazzini said. “At the moment they appear to have adopted a hit-and-run strategy. There is no evidence that they are pumping out the crude oil and certainly no evidence that they are trading it. At the moment they just appear interested in starving the Libyan state of oil revenues.”

Trump made a ludicrous claim that U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens made 600 requests for help before he perished in the September 2012 attack on a U.S. diplomatic facility in Benghazi. This is a misunderstanding of a figure widely used by Republicans on the House Select Committee on Benghazi, but even they never claimed that these came from Stevens.

The Fact Checker delved deeply into this “600” figure. It is a subjective accounting of “requests and concerns,” not actual requests for help. There is no dispute that security was inadequate in Benghazi and that the State Department failed to respond to all requests for security. But the shorthand description of “600 requests” has left a misleading impression — so much so that many reporters and lawmakers appear to believe that all of these requests were ignored. At least some of the requests were actually fulfilled — and the counting of “concerns” may be subject to dispute.

Homicides were up 10.8 percent nationwide in 2015, the biggest percentage jump in a single year since 1971, according to FBI data. But violent crimes overall have been declining for about two decades, and are far below rates seen one or two decades ago.

Homicides have continued to spike in major cities this year, though the rates remain far below their peak in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Law enforcement officials, including the FBI, have voiced concerns about the uptick in crime in 2015.

Criminal justice experts warn against comparing crime trends from short periods of time, such as year over year. An annual trend can show a trajectory of where the trend might be headed but still not give a full picture. Many criminal justice experts say crime trends are determined over at least five years, preferably 10 or 20 years, of data.

Trump takes Clinton’s statement out of context. During a March 2016 town hall, Clinton was asked by a voter: “Make the case to poor whites who live in Tennessee, Mississippi, Alabama, who vote Republican, why they should vote for you based upon economic policies versus voting for a Republican?”

Clinton gave a lengthy response, which included the line, “We’re going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business.” It was part of her longer answer about how transitioning away from coal-powered plants has already affected mining communities, and her plan to help coal mine workers adjust after losing factory jobs, as explained in her November 2015 policy proposal for revitalizing coal communities.

Here’s her full answer. The portion that Trump cited is in bold.

This is easy to disprove. Let’s look at the tweet, sent at 5:30 a.m. regarding former Miss Universe Alicia Machado:

Trump claims that Machado is “no angel.” No sex tape has surfaced since Trump sent out the late-night tweet. But he clearly tweeted that people should “check out sex tape.”

It’s unclear what Trump’s source is on this one, and his campaign did not respond to our inquiry. In 2015, 24 percent of black people lived below poverty levels, according to the Census. Black people had the highest rate of poverty among all racial groups (21 percent of Hispanics, 11 percent of Asians and 11.6 percent of whites).

Moreover, the majority of black people do not live in the “inner city,” as the NAACP tweeted during the debate.

Research shows that as of 2010, the majority of blacks, Asians and Latinos in metropolitan areas lived in the suburbs.

Coal is not clean. When burned in power plants, it emits sulfur dioxides, nitrous oxides and mercury unless coal-fired power plants have scrubbers to remove those from the air, thanks to regulation by the Environmental Protection Agency that Trump said was “so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business.”

Coal also emits carbon dioxide, which the Supreme Court in 2007 said was a pollutant under the Clean Air Act. That carbon dioxide can only be removed from emissions at great cost, and the technique is not currently in use except in areas where it can be used for enhanced oil recovery.

Finally, the act of mining coal is not clean. It either involves open-pit mines or underground mines that often pollute waters. And coal-fired power plants also produce coal ash waste that is often kept in ponds that are prone to leaking.

Probably the major reason for the decline in coal use is the discovery of a way to tap into shale gas, which has brought down the price of natural gas. Many utilities are switching to natural gas.

Actually, the United States is still a net importer of crude oil and refined petroleum products. It imported 5.3 million barrels a day in July, according to the Energy Information Administration. That is, however, down sharply from the 13 million barrels a day of imports reached in 2006.

Clinton went onto say, “We are not dependent upon the Middle East.” That’s correct, but it’s been the case for years. Canada is the biggest source for American oil imports — more than the entire Persian Gulf combined.

This is wrong. The Obama administration has admitted 12,500 refugees over the past fiscal year, which slightly exceeded a goal of 10,000. Even so, this is about one-third accepted by Canada, with a much smaller population.

Trump in the past has claimed that Clinton wants to admit 620,000 refugees in her first term. Clinton has supported accepting up to 65,000 refugees from Syria in one year. This is 55,000 more than the Obama administration’s plan to accept 10,000 Syrian refugees this fiscal year.

The 620,000 figure that Trump often uses is based in the unverified assumption that Clinton would continue at that pace for every year of her first term, on top of the Obama administration’s proposal for 100,000 total refugees for fiscal year 2017. (Multiply 155,000 four times and you reach 620,000.) After Trump made his comment about “hundreds of thousands,” moderator Martha Raddatz deftly noted that Clinton had asked for an increase from 10,000 to 65,000.

Clinton’s talking point is out of date. The Census Bureau reported in September that median income was up 5.2 percent from 2014 to 2015, to $56,516. This is the first annual increase in median household income since 2007, the year before the Great Recession.

The United States has a trade deficit of about $500 billion in goods and services. Trump appears to be referring the deficit in goods, which was nearly $800 billion in 2015, according to the Census Bureau.

This is not the full story. The federal government weighed several factors when considering bids for redevelopment of the Old Post Office building: 50 percent were qualitative (including past performance of the developer, site plan and design concept) and 50 percent were quantitative (developer’s financial capability and capacity and the developer’s financial offer).

Two factors weighed heavily in Trump’s favor: the financial backing of major real estate investor Colony Capital and the design by prominent architect Arthur Cotton Moore.

Trump had submitted the bid with Colony Capital as the financial backer, and the Trump Organization as the lead developer. The Washington Post’s Jonathan O’Connell wrote: “Colony is a major global investor in real estate, which bolstered Trump’s efforts to secure the deal. At the time, Colony had already invested $45 billion in more than 14,000 corporate and real estate assets, ranking it among the top real estate investment firms worldwide.”

But after the Trump Organization won the bid, Colony Capital backed out of the deal, saying that “the project’s timeline became too long for the firm.” The Trumps instead contributed $40 million to $42 million in equity and borrowed $170 million from Deutsche Bank.

The selection of Moore “bolstered the organization’s experience restoring or managing historic buildings in New York,” O’Connell wrote. Moore stepped down from the project less than a year after Trump won the bid. He told the New York Times: “I left because I couldn’t support what they were doing to the building. They were covering up or tearing out everything that was historic.”

Send us facts to check by filling out this form

Check out our guide to all Trump and Clinton fact checks

Sign up for The Fact Checker weekly newsletter",1
531,Obama veers left,"On Day 13, a video message and a meeting with media executives—but still no press conference, protective pool",1
4931,Libertarians hope rallies and ads can nudge them into the presidential debates,"On Friday morning, the third day in his four-day New England campaign swing, Libertarian presidential nominee Gary Johnson told a joke. He was the punch line.

“This is a crazy election,” Johnson said, looking out at dozens of Mainers who had come out for a breakfast meet-and-greet. “You know how crazy this election is? I’m going to be the next president of the United States. That’s how crazy!”

Johnson, a two-term governor of New Mexico, has avoided the fringe label that often sticks to third-party candidates. Since announcing former Massachusetts governor William Weld as his running mate, Johnson has risen in the polls to the high single digits — and to the mid-teens in some swing states. His rallies draw hundreds of voters, bigger than anything he saw during his 2012 bid. He talks about “spoiling the party,” and voters cheer.

Despite that, Johnson is struggling to grab the prize he has eyed all year: to be invited to the televised presidential debates. He needs to close in on 15 percent in an average of polls, and he is doing what he can. Two super PACs are trying to boost him in. It’s not clear that they can pull it off.

[Trump and advisers remain split on how far to move toward the middle]

The support Johnson has so far is easily explained; in a year of not one, but two historically unpopular major-party candidates, voters are looking for an alternative to Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump. Johnson may hold particular appeal for Republicans trying to protect their majorities in Congress; he gives voters an alternative to Trump at the top of the ticket yet allows them to return to the GOP lineup down the ballot.

Relentlessly positive, bounding from event to event in black Nikes and Carhartt jeans, Johnson approaches the debate problem by talking like he has solved it. In 2012, he briefly ran as a Republican — the party he was part of in Santa Fe — and was yanked offstage after a first, flailing debate performance.

“I had 60 seconds to make my pitch, and in the 60 seconds, I was being interrupted,” Johnson said in an interview here. “Now, I can say the same thing — and I’ve got three minutes. Uninterrupted! Three people onstage, audience bigger than the Super Bowl. I don’t think they’d get away with cutting me.”

They might. The Commission on Presidential Debates, which has controlled the process since 1988, has held fast to its 15 percent threshold. A Johnson-backed lawsuit against that threshold was thrown out this month, however, and the voters filing into Johnson-Weld rallies last week were acutely aware that their man might be kept offstage.

“I’m not for either of the choices­ we have right now,” said Roy Hermann, 65, who caucused for Bernie Sanders but showed up in Portland to hear Johnson. “I’m not even sure if I’ll vote for this guy, but I have a great deal of respect for him.”

The day before, at a Johnson-Weld rally in Concord, N.H., 14-year-old Aubrey Pelletier hoisted a sign that read “15%!” Her father, Brad, 39, worried that too many voters limit the news they read and couldn’t see the point of choosing Johnson.

“People are afraid of wasting their votes,” he surmised. “On Facebook, I see Gary Johnson stuff all the time. When I talk to people, they know who he is now.”

As Johnson and Weld stumped across New England, they were recognized by voters — something new in the past three weeks, they said. Fundraising, according to the campaign, has surged in the same period.

Neither Republicans nor Democrats know which nominee that helps. The polls that show Johnson at or above 10 percent have Clinton’s lead growing if he is removed as a choice — but she has got a lead either way. At rallies in New Hampshire and Maine, voters with Bernie Sanders T-shirts stood near people wearing the “Hillary for Prison” shirts sold by far-right radio host Alex Jones. Some cheer when Johnson calls for ending corporate taxes; some cheer when he insists that “black lives matter.” All cheer when he endorses ballot measures to legalize marijuana.

Asked whether he would encourage his voters to pick Republicans or Democrats when they went down their ballot, Johnson demurred. “The wonderful thing about being a Libertarian is that you don’t have to tell anybody to do anything,” he said.

[New Trump campaign chief faces scrutiny over voter registration, anti-Semitism]

Two libertarian efforts are underway to boost Johnson past the debate commission’s 15-percent hurdle. Purple PAC, steered by former Cato Institute president Ed Crane, began a $1 million ad buy last week, with cable spots casting Johnson as an “honorable choice” who favors tolerance and free markets.

“They’re not as ideological as I would probably prefer,” Crane said of Johnson and Weld. “But on the broad issues of social tolerance, restraint in foreign policy, markets over crony capitalism, they’re very good.”

Alternative PAC, launched by former FreedomWorks president Matt Kibbe, is spending $50,000 to kick-start a Web campaign aimed at millennials. One ad, “Balanced Rebellion,” stars an Abraham Lincoln impersonator who promises that Johnson won’t “send you to fight wars overseas” or “tell you who to marry.”

“It’s like a two-horse race where one horse cheats and the other one eats Muslims,” the Lincoln actor says of the Clinton-Trump race.

The spot was designed by Harmon Brothers, the firm behind a viral ad in which unicorns defecate rainbow ice cream to promote a toilet aid.

Johnson is more tactful. In his campaign speech, an optimistic spiel on how free markets (“Uber everything”) and active citizens can fix the country, he tells one joke about Trump. The Republican nominee, he said, watched the Olympics to see “how high those Mexican pole vaulters could go.” Neither Johnson nor Weld is inclined to attack Clinton, something they have been trying to correct.

“You make mistakes along the trail,” Johnson said in Concord, referring to a CNN town hall — one of his highest-profile events — where he declined to criticize Clinton. “If I had to do that over again, I’d have said: She’s beholden.”

“I’ve made a mini-career of defending Mrs. Clinton on the use of the private server,” said Weld, who added that newer revelations about her email gave him pause.

That light tone has become central to the Johnson-Weld campaign. The two standard-bearers for libertarianism have become some of the least ideological candidates in America.

On the stump, Weld describes the Libertarian Party as “a six-lane highway going right up the middle between the two parties,” and Johnson talks about what can be achieved when partisans cross the aisle.

That has led to steady criticism from more traditional libertarians, who pounce on every Johnson or Weld sop to the center as a gaffe. Weld, who signed a gun-control bill as governor, struggled to win the Libertarian vice-presidential nomination. Jason Sorens, the founder of the Free State Project that encourages libertarians to move to New Hampshire, said he had seen “some demobilization of the LP ticket’s natural base over guns.”

After Johnson refused to rule out a tax on carbon — only if it were revenue-neutral and it replaced income taxes — he was criticized by libertarians on social media.

Crane, Kibbe and other libertarians knew some of this was coming. The Republican primary campaign of Sen. Rand Paul (Ky.), designed to build on the support of father Ron Paul’s three ­libertarian-flavored presidential bids, made a bid for conservative voters that put the base to sleep.

“I’m still on the fence about whether I’m going to cast a write-in vote for ‘none of the above’ or myself,” said Darryl Perry, a New Hampshire voter who ran against Johnson for the Libertarian presidential nomination. “I know a few [people] who have said, ‘Well, he’s the lesser of the evils.’ The lesser evil is still evil in my eyes.”

But the dazzling possibility of the debate invite — something no Libertarian candidate has ever achieved — has kept most fellow travelers on board. Dan Fishman, the campaign’s 48-year-old New England director, has walked away from each rally with pages of new sign-ups. “It’s getting easier and easier to train people,” he said, crediting the NationBuilder software that had helped the Trump campaign convert its ­giant crowds into volunteers.

At one rally, in Concord, close to 300 people stood in a steady and meteorology-defying rain to hear Weld and Johnson speak about the six-lane highway between the parties.

“Standing in the rain,” Johnson said with disbelief. “You honor us. You really do.”",1
2943,Islamic State admits defeat in Kobani; blames airstrikes,"Islamic State militants have acknowledged for the first time that they have been defeated in the Syrian town of Kobani, blaming withering airstrikes by a U.S.-led coalition for forcing them to flee the town on the Turkish border.

Although not a strategic site itself, Kobani — known by the militants as Ayn al-Islam — had turned into a test of wills between the militants and the coalition. At one point, Islamic State fighters controlled almost all of the town of 45,000 people and were on the verge of capturing it outright.

In a video released late Friday by the pro-Islamic State Aamaq News Agency, two fighters made it clear that the coalition's relentless air assault proved too much for the militants.

""A while ago, we retreated a bit from Ayn al-Islam because of the bombardment and the killing of some brothers,"" said one masked fighter who spoke Arabic with a North African accent.

In the video, he vowed to return to drive out the People's Protection Units known as the YPG, the main Kurdish militia in Syria, that the fighter referred to as ""rats.""

""The Islamic State will stay. Say that to (President) Obama,"" he said, pointing toward destruction on the edge of Kobani.

A second fighter, standing on a road with a green sign sprayed with the name Ayn al-Islam, described the incessant pounding by coalition aircraft.

""I swear by God, their planes did not leave the air, day and night; they did airstrikes all day and night,"" he said on the video. ""They bombarded everything, even motorcycles; they have not left a building standing. But, God willing, we will return and we will have our revenge multiplied.""

Speaking at a meeting with his Mexican and Canadian counterparts in Boston on Saturday, Secretary of State John Kerry said recapturing Kobani was a ""big deal,"" AFP reported.

""We have a long way to go in the overall campaign, but Daesh — ISIL as some know it — has said all along that Kobani was a real symbolic and strategic objective,"" Kerry said. ""So pushing them out of there is a big deal. And make no mistake, we will also use the same tools that we used to get there — the tools of cooperation and support — to defeat violent, transnational criminal organizations, and ensure that the rule of law thrives for all of our people.""

The Islamic State launched its offensive on the region surrounding Kobani in mid-September, capturing more than 300 Kurdish villages and parts of the city while driving out more than 200,000 Kurds.

The United States and several Arab allies began striking back and providing air cover for Kurdish militia to pour in from Turkey. The overall allied campaign aims to roll back the Islamic State militants who have taken over about a third of Iraq and Syria and declared the captured territory a new caliphate.

As a result of the airstrikes and stiff resistance from the Kurds, the Islamic State — also known as ISIL or ISIS — began retreating a few weeks ago and lost more than 1,000 fighters, according to the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which monitors deaths in the Syrian civil war.

In the last days of the fight, activists reported that the militant group was sending inexperienced fighters and teenagers to the front line because of a lack of recruits, the human rights group said. By Monday, activists and Kurdish officials reported the town was almost cleared of the militants.

The four-month battle for Kobani, which was pummeled by airstrikes, mutual shelling and booby-trapped vehicles, left large parts of the town city uninhabitable, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.

""It's not a city anymore,"" Bulent Kilic a Turkish photojournalist for the AFP news agency told Time. ""I saw all the bombs that were dropped on Kobani during this battle. And there's only debris left, especially in the eastern part of the town from where ISIS tried to get in.""",1
3953,Obama On Climate Change: 'I Actually Think We're Going To Solve This Thing',"Obama On Climate Change: 'I Actually Think We're Going To Solve This Thing'

""I actually think we're going to solve this thing.""

That's what President Obama said in a news conference just before he left a United Nations summit on climate change.

""Climate change is a massive problem,"" Obama said. ""It is a generational problem. It's a problem that by definition is just about the hardest thing for a political system to absorb, because the effects are gradual, they're diffused. And yet despite all that ... I'm optimistic. I think we're going to solve it.""

Just a few years ago, Obama said, nobody would have predicted that more than 150 leaders would come to Paris holding plans to cut greenhouse gas emissions.

""All of this will be hard,"" Obama said. ""Getting 200 nations to agree on anything is hard ... but I'm convinced that we're going to get big things done here.""

Obama leaves the conference, but his deputies will remain in Paris in an effort to craft a global, legally binding agreement intended to curb climate change. The big goal: to keep the global temperature from rising by more than 2 degrees Celsius.

At the moment, if you add up all the commitments on the table at the summit and assume that they would be met, the temperature would still rise by 2.7 degrees, Obama said.

""That's too high,"" Obama said. But ""what we expect is that we'll hit these targets faster than expected and ... we could pick up the pace.""

Obama said that is not just ""foolish optimism"" but an expectation based on past experience. The United States, for example, was able to meet its goals faster than expected.

""The key here is to set up the structure so we're sending signals all around the world that says this is happening and we're not turning around,"" Obama said.

Obama touched on a whole host of other issues during the conference. Here are a couple of highlights:

— Obama says that the fact that the peace process for Syria is progressing in Vienna is a sign that Russian President Vladimir Putin ""realizes there is not going to be a military solution to the situation in Syria.""

Eventually, Obama said, he expects the Russians to shift their focus in Syria from trying to prop up the regime of Bashar Assad to fighting the Islamic State.

""I think Mr. Putin understands that for him to get bogged down in an inconclusive and paralyzing civil conflict is not the outcome that he is looking for,"" Obama said.

In other words, Obama said, both the U.S. and Russia agree that the only lasting solution in Syria will be political.

""Where we continue to have an ongoing difference is not in the need for a political settlement; it's whether Assad can continue to serve as president as that transition goes on,"" Obama said.

Russia believes Assad should play a role, and Obama believes that ""it is impossible for Mr. Assad to bring that country together.""

— On the shooting at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado, Obama said Congress should act. Just as the country takes huge, costly steps to fight terrorism, it has to take steps to reduce gun homicides.

""At the end of the day, Congress, states, local governments are going to have to act in order to make sure that we are preventing people who are deranged or have violent tendencies"" from getting weapons that magnify the damage that they can do, Obama said.

Earlier in the day, President Obama urged Turkey and Russia to ease tensions by focusing on a common enemy: the Islamic State.

The relationship between the two countries has been frayed since Turkey downed a Russian jet in November. Turkey has refused to apologize, saying the Russian warplane crossed over into Turkish airspace. Russia has implemented a series of sanctions.

Reuters reports that Obama said the United States supported Turkey's right to defend its airspace, but he also urged the two countries to ""de-escalate tensions.""

""We all have a common enemy. That is ISIL,"" Obama said using an acronym for the Islamic State, according to the AP. ""I want to make sure that we focus on that threat.""",1
1922,"Mike Huckabee on Netanyahu, wage stagnation, 2016 and more","Former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee is certainly on the go. He traveled to 38 states last year to help candidates in the midterms and this week alone is in six states. Whether he runs for president or continues to work the trail for others, he certainly sees a lot of America and talks to a whole lot of people. In a real sense, he truly does reflect the views of many social conservatives and conservative populists in the heartland.

With Huckabee, however, who has been going to Israel for 42 years, one is compelled to start with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s speech. “It was a tremendous speech,” he told Right Turn. “It was more than how he said it but what he said. He called attention to the nature of the [Iranian] regime.” He recited two well-known points — Iran is the world’s largest state sponsor of terror and a regime committed to wiping out Israel — and reiterated that Iran has cheated on every agreement it has ever entered into. “If every time I’ve bought a car from a used-car dealer — 10 out of 10 he’s sold me a lemon, do I really want to buy the 11th?” He sounds genuinely aggrieved about the president’s behavior and the conduct of Democrats who refused to go to the speech. “What I lamented is that the once bipartisan agreement on Israel and national security has been abandoned by the Democrats,” he said. “They are more interested in protecting Obama’s petulance than in protecting Israel.” He hastened to note that he was in Israel yet again last week and met with Netanyahu. He makes the keen point that this hardly was a political winner for Netanyahu back home. “It was divisive back home in Israel. What he did was brave. This was a political risk,” he noted, pointing to the controversy and criticism the trip generated among his opponents. And running through the list of other Middle East countries he has been to (Egypt, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, etc.) he observes that this is not just about the Jewish state. “The Egyptians, the Jordanians, the Emiratis, the Saudis are absolutely with Israel on this [the Iranian threat].” He confesses that in watching the president’s conduct and the reported concessions, “I’m stunned. I can’t figure out what the president is thinking, what his advisers are telling him.”

There are few people who know the Clintons like fellow Arkansan Huckabee. He’s not surprised in the least about the recent e-mail and foundation scandals. “Again and again Democrats and especially the press are willing to let the Clintons skate by. It’s pretty bizarre.” Is he going to run for president? He sticks to his previous statements that he will decide “sometime this spring.” He cracks, “Looking at the weather it’s premature [to decide].”

Huckabee is an economic populist, to be sure, and takes pride in being attacked for it. “I talked about [this economic message] eight years ago. I was being pilloried by the Wall Street Journal and other folks in your community [the mainstream media].” He says events have proved him right, and now everyone is talking about wage stagnation.  He asserted, “The bottom 90 percent in the past 40 years have had stagnant wages. In the 25 years before that, 90 percent saw an increase.”

He cites the tax code (it is “punishing people who work on their feet. If they take a second job, they are thrown into a new tax bracket); “cheap foreign labor that devalues American labor”; and “cheap products” from China. People, he said, are worried about the college grad with debt and no job and the small-business person bedeviled by taxes and regulations. Huckabee’s diagnosis of what troubles America may be sound, but many conservatives will disagree with his solutions.

Huckabee may be missing some important pieces of the picture. In the 1950s, Europe and Asia were not yet economic powerhouses, labor unions kept wages artificially high and most families had only one working adult (so labor was more scare, and hence wages were high). In a global economy, many would argue that Huckabee’s proposals don’t fit the times. In fact, we need to expand markets for our trade, enhance our technological edge and change our immigration system so that we siphon off the best and brightest to work, build businesses and invest in America. That formula — becoming a 21st-century economic giant that beats the world competition — together with tax, education and regulatory reform, is the building block of the policy agenda of two other potential 2016 contenders, former Florida governor Jeb Bush and Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.). Those two make for an interesting contrast to economic populists who fear losing what they have and tend not to think about how to get more of the world economic pie.

If Huckabee would get to the White House, he lists two priorities. “At the top of the list would be reestablishing relations with our allies. I’ve challenged my Democratic friends to come up with one country, just one, that we have better relations with. They can’t because there is not one.” Second, “I’d evolve power out of Washington, D.C.,” he said. “It’s so dysfunctional, I don’t think it can be fixed.” He’d rather give the power back to the states, where “people have to balance budgets.”

It is easy to see why he was such a hit on Fox. He’s entertaining and an excellent conservative analyst. Whether he wants to and can translate that into a presidential platform and campaign remains to be seen. But the candidates who are definitely running might pick up some pointers by watching him.",1
2485,Crucial Rule Is Delayed a Year for Obama’s Health Law,"WASHINGTON — In a significant setback for President Obama’s signature domestic initiative, the administration on Tuesday abruptly announced a one-year delay, until 2015, in his health care law’s mandate that larger employers provide coverage for their workers or pay penalties. The decision postpones the effective date beyond next year’s midterm elections.

Employer groups welcomed the news of the concession, which followed complaints from businesses and was posted late in the day on the White House and Treasury Web sites while the president was flying home from Africa. Republicans’ gleeful reactions made clear that they would not cease to make repeal of Obamacare a campaign issue for the third straight election cycle.

While the postponement technically does not affect other central provisions of the law — in particular those establishing health insurance marketplaces in the states, known as exchanges, where uninsured Americans can shop for policies — it threatens to throw into disarray the administration’s effort to put those provisions into effect by Jan. 1.

“I am utterly astounded,” said Sara Rosenbaum, a professor of health law and policy at George Washington University and an advocate of the law. “It boggles the mind. This step could significantly reduce the number of uninsured people who will gain coverage in 2014.”

At the White House, Tara McGuinness, a senior adviser on the law, disputed that.

“Nothing in the new guidance regarding employer reporting and responsibility will limit individuals’ eligibility for premium tax credits to buy insurance through the marketplaces that open on Oct. 1,” she said.

Under the law, most Americans will be required to have insurance in January 2014, or they will be subject to tax penalties. The announcement on Tuesday did not say anything about delaying that requirement or those penalties.

Administration officials sought to put the action in a positive light in the online announcements, and they emphasized that the existing insurance coverage of most Americans would not be affected.

“We have heard concerns about the complexity of the requirements and the need for more time to implement them effectively,” Mark J. Mazur, an assistant Treasury secretary, wrote on the department’s Web site. “We recognize that the vast majority of businesses that will need to do this reporting already provide health insurance to their workers, and we want to make sure it is easy for others to do so.”

The 2010 Affordable Care Act required employers with more than 50 full-time workers to offer them affordable health insurance starting next year or face fines. Some companies with payrolls just above that threshold said they would cut jobs or switch some full-time workers to part-time employment so that they could avoid providing coverage.

Under the provision to set up state-based marketplaces, subsidies are supposed to be available to many lower- and middle-income people who do not have access to coverage from employers or other sources. It may be difficult, however, for officials running the exchanges to know who is entitled to subsidies if employers do not report information on the coverage they provide to workers.

Enrollment in the exchanges is to begin Oct. 1, with insurance coverage taking effect on Jan. 1. “We are on target to open the health insurance marketplace on Oct. 1 where small businesses and ordinary Americans will be able to go to one place to learn about their coverage options and make side-by-side comparisons of each plan’s price and benefits before they make their decision,” Valerie Jarrett, Mr. Obama’s senior adviser and liaison to the business community, wrote on the White House Web site.

But even some supporters of the law dispute that the establishment of the health insurance exchanges is on schedule, especially since progress varies by state and some Republican-led states are resisting the health care law and withholding resources for putting it into effect.

Much of the administration’s public effort, especially at the Department of Health and Human Services, has been directed toward spreading the word to uninsured Americans, especially younger and healthy individuals whose participation is needed to help keep down premiums for everyone else. About 85 percent of Americans are insured, so most individuals will be unaffected, at least initially.

Behind the scenes, however, the administration has been fielding questions and criticisms from businesses about the reporting requirements — especially the Treasury Department, which has responsibility, given its oversight of the tax reporting system.

Employer groups were quick to applaud the delay. At the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, which has strongly opposed the law, Randy Johnson, senior vice president for labor, immigration and employee benefits, said in a statement, “The administration has finally recognized the obvious — employers need more time and clarification of the rules of the road before implementing the employer mandate.”

E. Neil Trautwein, a vice president of the National Retail Federation, said the delay “will provide employers and businesses more time to update their health care coverage without threat of arbitrary punishment.”

Mr. Mazur, the Treasury official, said the delay “will allow us to consider ways to simplify the new reporting requirements consistent with the law.”

“Second,” he added, “it will provide time to adapt health coverage and reporting systems while employers are moving toward making health coverage affordable and accessible for their employees.”

Within the next week, Mr. Mazur said, Treasury will issue official guidance to insurers, self-insuring employers and other parties that provide health coverage. Formal rules will be proposed this summer, he added, but the administration will encourage employers to comply with the law’s reporting provisions in 2014, as originally mandated.

Democrats were all but silent on the news, but a spokesman for Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the majority leader, released a statement late Tuesday. “Both the administration and Senate Democrats have shown — and continue to show — a willingness to be flexible and work with all interested parties to make sure that implementation of the Affordable Care Act is as beneficial as possible to all involved,” the spokesman, Adam Jentleson, said. “It is better to do this right than fast.”

But Republicans immediately reacted with statements claiming vindication for their efforts to repeal the law altogether.

Senator John Barrasso, Republican of Wyoming, called the administration action “a cynical political ploy to delay the coming train wreck associated with Obamacare until after the 2014 elections.”

And Senator Mitch McConnell, the Senate Republican leader, who faces re-election next year in Kentucky, said in a statement, “The fact remains that Obamacare needs to be repealed and replaced with common-sense reforms that actually lower costs for Americans.”",1
3642,At least 12 dead after terror attack at Paris newspaper office (+video),"Gunmen stormed the offices of the satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo on Wednesday. French President Francois Hollande called the deadly assault a terrorist attack.

Why is Angela Merkel calling for a ban on the full Islamic veil?

Masked gunmen shouting ""Allahu akbar!"" stormed the Paris offices of a satirical newspaper Wednesday, killing 12 people including the editor and a cartoonist before escaping. It was France's deadliest terror attack in at least two decades.

With a manhunt on, French President Francois Hollande called the attack on the Charlie Hebdo weekly, whose caricatures of the Prophet Muhammed have frequently drawn condemnation from Muslims, ""a terrorist attack without a doubt."" He said several other attacks have been thwarted in France ""in recent weeks.""

There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack.

France raised its security alert to the highest level and reinforced protective measures at houses of worship, stores, media offices and transportation. Top government officials were holding an emergency meeting and Hollande planned a nationally televised address in the evening. Schools across the French capital closed their doors.

World leaders including President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel condemned the attack, but supporters of the militant Islamic State group celebrated the slayings as well-deserved revenge against France.

The Islamic State group has repeatedly threatened to attack France. Just minutes before the attack, Charlie Hebdo had tweeted a satirical cartoon of that extremist group's leader giving New Year's wishes. Another cartoon, released in this week's issue and entitled ""Still No Attacks in France,"" had a caricature of an extremist fighter saying ""Just wait — we have until the end of January to present our New Year's wishes.""

The 12 dead included two men who went by the pen names: Charb — the editor and a cartoonist as well — and the cartoonist Cabu, spokeswoman Agnes Thibault-Lecuivre of the Paris prosecutor's office confirmed.

Two police officers were also among the dead, including one assigned as Charb's bodyguard after prior death threats against him, a police official told The Associated Press, speaking on condition of anonymity because of the ongoing investigation.

Just before noon, multiple masked men armed with automatic weapons attacked the newspaper's office in central Paris, nearby worker Benoit Bringer told the iTele network. The attackers went to the second floor and started firing indiscriminately in the newsroom, said Christophe DeLoire of Reporters Without Borders.

""This is the darkest day of the history of the French press,"" DeLoire said.

Video images on the website of public broadcaster France Televisions showed two gunmen in black at a crossroads who appeared to fire down one of the streets. A cry of ""Allahu akbar!"" — Arabic for ""God is great""— could be heard among the gunshots.

Luc Poignant of the SBP police union said the attackers left in a waiting car and later switched to another vehicle that had been stolen.

Obama's top spokesman said US officials have been in close contact with the French since the attack. ""We know they are not going to be cowed by this terrible act,"" spokesman Josh Earnest said.

On social media, supporters of militant Islamic groups praised the move. One Twitter user who identified themselves as a Tunisian loyalist of Al Qaeda and the Islamic State group called the attack well-deserved revenge against France.

Elsewhere on the Internet, the hashtag #JeSuisCharlie was trending as people expressed support for weekly and for journalistic freedom.

Charlie Hebdo has been repeatedly threatened for its caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad and other controversial sketches. Its offices were firebombed in 2011 after a spoof issue featuring a caricature of the prophet on its cover. Nearly a year later, the publication again published crude Muhammad caricatures, drawing denunciations from around the Muslim world.

Wednesday's attack comes the same day of the release of a book by a celebrated French novelist depicting France's election of its first Muslim president. Hollande had been due to meet with the country's top religious officials later in the day.",1
2074,The Devastating Consequences Of A 'Small' Rise In Global Temperatures,"More Floods, More Drought Inevitable. How Bad Do We Want It To Get?

World leaders are meeting in Paris this month in what amounts to a last-ditch effort to avert the worst ravages of climate change. Climatologists now say that the best case scenario — assuming immediate and dramatic emissions curbs — is that planetary surface temperatures will increase by at least 2 degrees Celsius in the coming decades.

This may sound like a small uptick, but the implications are profound. Rising temperatures will destroy plant and animal habitats, and reduce yields of important food crops. More people will be exposed to the ravages of flooding and drought.

But if the nations involved in the Paris talks stay on their current emissions track and don’t reduce greenhouse gas emissions, temperatures could go up by almost 6 degrees Celsius this century, according to the Committee on Climate Change, an independent body that advises the U.K. government on climate issues.

The consequences of a heating globe are already being felt in Alaska, which is warming twice as fast as the rest of the U.S. Rising temperatures have thawed frozen soil in some areas, leaving coastlines vulnerable to storms and tidal activity. Shishmaref, a remote village that sits on an island 30 miles outside the Arctic circle, is losing as many as 9 feet of land a year — chunks of coastline that simply break into the sea.

Each year, more species are losing their habitats to climate change. An increase of 4 degrees Celsius in average planetary temperatures could result in severe habitat loss for almost two-thirds of plant species and one-third of mammal species. Species losing at least half their habitat Source: Committee on Climate Change

Crop estimates assume that crop varieties and planting times are adjusted to optimize yeild. Plant and animal estimates assume that species disperse to new areas at historically observed rates. Charts show median estimates.

Even if nations meeting in Paris curtail carbon emissions, a growing number of communities will be exposed to threats caused by climate change. Vulnerable populations that live near water or in arid places will face massive disruptions to their way of life: Flooding and severe drought are on course to become much more common.

Human activity since industrialization has led to a huge increase in the production of carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas that contributes to rising global temperatures. Scientists warn that if carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions continue to rise at their current rates, Earth’s temperatures could increase dramatically in future decades, leading to catastrophic and irreversible climate change. The 10 largest emitters produced about 26.4 gigatons of carbon dioxide in 2013. (A gigaton is 1 billion tons, or roughly the equivalent of the annual emissions from every passenger car in the U.S. each year.) They are highlighted in red.

Countries Producing Most Of The World’s Carbon Promise Big Cuts Countries responsible for two-thirds of global emissions have made commitments to curb their greenhouse gas production. That group includes some of the biggest emitters like China, India and the U.S. China, the world’s biggest carbon producer, has promised that its carbon emissions will peak by 2030. Projected emissions by 2019, in gigatons of carbon dioxide China will aim to reach maximum carbon emissions by 2030. After that, it will lower its carbon dioxide emissions by 60 to 65 percent relative to 2005 levels. By 2025, the U.S. aims to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 26 to 28 percent relative to 2005 levels. By 2030, the EU aims to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by at least 40 percent relative to 1990 levels. By 2030, the EU aims to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by at least 40 percent relative to 1990 levels. By 2030, India aims to reduce the ratio of emissions to its GDP by 33 to 35 percent relative to 2005 levels. By 2030, India aims to reduce the ratio of emissions to its GDP by 33 to 35 percent relative to 2005 levels.",1
2577,"Cost, logistics of Obama immigration plan raise concerns before launch","President Obama’s executive action sparing millions of illegal immigrants from deportation will be the biggest federal program rollout since ObamaCare -- and administration officials are hoping its launch, set for May, will be a lot smoother.

“The deputy secretary and I are very focused on this, and I believe we're going to get it right,” Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson told Fox News on Thursday.

Still, Republican opposition to the plan that would block deportation of as many as 5 million illegal immigrants -- most of them parents of children already here legally -- is nearly as intense.

DHS has leased a massive office building in Crystal City, Virginia, just across the Potomac River from Washington, where a thousand federal workers and a thousand more contractors will process applications. Though forecasting turn-out of applicants is largely a guessing game, DHS predicts as many as 1.3 million people may apply in the first six months alone.

The Crystal City office demonstrates to critics just one of many problems with the President’s executive action. ""Those employees are not going to ask people from all over the country to come to Crystal City to be interviewed. They're not going to be effectively interviewed. They’re going to do online most of their work,"" said Senator Jeff Sessions, R-Ala.  He believes the online interview process is a recipe for fraud.

There's also the cost of the plan -- officially known as Deferred Action for Parents of Americans  -- estimated at $324 million to $484 million over the next few years, according to DHS documents obtained by the Los Angeles Times.

Supporters note taxpayers won't be footing that bill – they say applicants will instead, through a $465 fee. ""The program operates slowly and exclusively on the funds that are contributed by those that participate in the program, said Rep. Luis Gutierrez, D., Ill.

“You get a million of them to apply, you have $500 million,” he said.

""That’s an absolute misrepresentation,” said Sessions. “Congress has the power to control all money, whether it comes in by fee, or not.""

Even with a fee-based payment, Sessions said Immigration and Customs Enforcement is already overburdened by the wave of childhood arrivals and will  be further hard pressed by the new plan to carry out basic enforcement duties.

“They've told us they're unable now to do their job. They've made clear that it’s placing America at risk. Now we're talking about another five million the president wants to be reviewed for legal status,"" he added.

Sessions warned the plan will lower wages in an already job-scarce economy, while Gutierrez said applicants toil at jobs many Americans refuse to do.

“Who does he really think is going to pick those onions in 110 degrees in south Texas?” asked Gutierrez. “Seventy percent of the agricultural workers that do the picking, that do the hard labor, are undocumented, we know that. So let's not kid ourselves, the folks are already here working.”

By coming out of the shadows through the plan, many immigrants could also suddenly find themselves subject to the maze of tax laws, tax penalties, loopholes and liabilities and benefits  that U.S. citizens already face, a confounding code that could potentially drive some applicants back into the shadows.

Doug McKelway joined Fox News Channel (FNC) in November 2010 and serves as a Washington-based correspondent. Click here for more information on Doug McKelway.",1
4150,HUFFPOLLSTER: Growing Economy Good News For Obama,"GROWING APPROVAL FOR ECONOMY AND PRESIDENT OBAMA - Emily Swanson: ""Americans' views of President Barack Obama have improved slightly in the past two months, and opinions are more positive about the direction of the country and the health of the economy, an Associated Press-GfK poll finds... Forty-seven percent of those surveyed approve of how Obama is doing his job, compared with 41 percent in December, and 51 percent approve of his handling of unemployment, compared with 44 percent before. Nearly half say the economy is good now, while 41 percent thought that in December. In December 2013, only one-third called the economy good. Approval of the way Obama is handling the economy improved slightly, 41 percent to 45 percent, over the past two months…But people still feel that their own recovery is lagging, the poll shows, with only 35 percent saying their own family has completely or mostly recovered from economic downturn. Just 27 percent see the job market where they live as being most of the way to recovery, far less than the number that thinks big businesses (55 percent) and the stock market (53 percent) have bounced all the way back. In spite of growing optimism about politics and the economy, 8 in 10 people questioned have little confidence that Obama and Republicans in Congress can work together to solve the country's problems."" [AP]

How high is the ceiling on Obama's approval? - David Lauter: ""President Obama's standing with the public likely will continue its recent upward trend following the latest positive economic news, but new data on the country's polarized politics suggests he'll soon bump up against a low ceiling. The labor market data released by the federal government on Friday showed the best three months of job growth since the mid-1990s, an increase in the percentage of Americans who are working and the first signs of wage growth. That's the kind of good news that usually sends presidential approval ratings upward. But political polarization exerts a powerful pull in the other direction: Much like President George W. Bush before him, Obama faces near unanimous disapproval from opposing partisans that is deeply dug in and unlikely to change….In the past half century, the only years that showed more polarization than Obama's sixth year were his -- and Bush's -- fourth and fifth years. All of that suggests that Obama's overall approval rating probably will not rise much above 50% for any sustained period."" [LA Times]

Four signs of an improving U.S. jobs situation - Drew DeSilver, summarizing Bureau of Labor Statistics: ""[1] More people are getting back into the labor market, even if they don’t immediately find jobs. [2] More people who want work are actually looking for it. [3] More people are quitting their jobs. [4] The unemployed are spending less time out of work."" [Pew]

ANOTHER NH POLL SHOWS NO GOP CANDIDATE OVER 20 PERCENT - Michael Bender & Lisa Lerer: ""Jeb Bush has taken a slight lead over other potential Republican presidential candidates in a new Bloomberg Politics/Saint Anselm New Hampshire poll...Bush now leads with just 16 percent. Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky is second with 13 percent, Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker is at 12 percent, and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, coming off a controversy-filled overseas trip, is at 10 percent...The poll also shows former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton dominating her potential Democratic rivals. Clinton, who won the state’s presidential primary in 2008, is the first choice of 56 percent of Democratic primary voters. Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, who has said she isn't running, is second at 15 percent, while Vice President Joe Biden and Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont both have 8 percent."" [Bloomberg]

WHAT TO MAKE OF EARLY POLLS, WALKER 'SURGE'? - Jonathan Bernstein: ""Let’s talk early-stage presidential primary polls. Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker has had something of a surge over the last week. What should we make of it? Is there any information to be squeezed out of these polls?...the latest polls tell us almost nothing about voters. Most people aren’t paying attention yet, which is why a bit of positive publicity for a candidate can shift polling quite a bit. Voters aren’t reporting firm decisions; they’re just responding to what’s been in the news lately. If these early polls are important, it is only because of the way the people who pay close attention to Republican Party politics react to them. That’s the real thing to watch, going forward."" [Bloomberg]

CQ RESEARCHER: BROAD OVERVIEW OF POLITICAL POLLING - Chuck McCutcheon: ""Smart phones, social media and the Internet have made it easier than ever for people to make their views known, but the new technology can make it harder for political pollsters to gather and measure public opinions with precision or consistency. They face public suspicions of partisanship, reluctance to provide candid answers and — as cellphone use grows — difficulty reaching respondents by the traditional method of random calls to household landlines…Polling has become entangled in the nation’s prevailing polarized political climate, with both politicians and the public questioning the validity of polls."" The CQR report provides a broad overview of recent issues and controversies facing the polling world. It is available by subscription or single issue purchase only. [CQ Researcher]

HUFFPOLLSTER VIA EMAIL! - You can receive this daily update every weekday morning via email! Just click here, enter your email address, and click ""sign up."" That's all there is to it (and you can unsubscribe anytime).",1
3791,3 Members Of Muslim Family Shot Dead In Chapel Hill,"Police responded to reports of gunshots at about 5:15 p.m., Tuesday, when they found the victims' bodies. The shooting happened in a neighborhood that is mostly rental apartments where students live, and crime there is low, according to the News and Observer.

That night, frantic parents waited outside Finley Forest Condominiums, where police were investigating the triple homicide, the Daily Tarheel reports. One mother broke down in tears after she inquired about her daughter and son-in-law, while a father screamed, ""It's been hours! Just tell me if he's alive!""

""Why do I cry?"" Farris Barakat, Deah's brother, wrote on Facebook. ""So many times I've grabbed my phone to text my brother, Yusor, and Razan. Except seconds later I realize that I've taken them for granted and imagine their phone laying by their bodies. That's not okay guys.""

""We understand the concerns about the possibility that this was hate-motivated and we will exhaust every lead to determine if that is the case. Our thoughts are with the families and friends of these young people who lost their lives so needlessly,"" Chief Chris Blue of the Chapel Hill Police Department said at a press conference.

UPDATE 3:15 P.M.: In a press conference, Hicks' wife of seven years, Karen, said she ""never would have expected this."" She said that the shooting had nothing to do with race or religion, and everything to do with parking problems.

""This incident had nothing to do with religion or victims’ faith but instead had to do with the longstanding parking disputes that my husband had with the neighbors,"" she said, choking back tears. ""He often champions on his Facebook page for the rights of many individuals. Same sex marriages, abortion, race, he just believes that everyone is equal. Doesn’t matter what you look like or who you are or what you believe.""

She said she didn't know what drove Hicks to allegedly shoot three people, but her lawyers said that the suspect didn't single out the victims and had problems with other neighbors in the past. Hicks' ex-wife, Kristen, told The Huffington Post that she hadn't ""heard from or seen him in 10 years,"" and had no further comment.

""It was execution style, a bullet in every head,"" he told the News Observer. ""This was not a dispute over a parking space; this was a hate crime. This man had picked on my daughter and her husband a couple of times before, and he talked with them with his gun in his belt. And they were uncomfortable with him, but they did not know he would go this far.""

""We’re still in a state of shock and will never be able to make sense of this horrendous tragedy,"" she said. ""We ask that the authorities investigate these senseless and heinous murders as a hate crime ... We ask that you celebrate the memories of our family members.""

The gruesome scene has sparked an outcry on Facebook and Twitter, as word circulated that Hicks described himself as an ""anti-theist"" and criticized religions online, according to The Independent. That revelation, as well as a lack of media attention to the shooting Tuesday night, reportedly led to a ""#MuslimLivesMatter"" hashtag.

Less than two weeks before he was killed, Barakat -- a dental student at UNC -- was involved in a debate over the Gaza Strip on Twitter, the New York Daily News reports. One of his tweets went viral when news of his death spread. It reads: ""It's so freaking sad to hear people saying we should ""kill Jews"" or ""Kill Palestinians"". As if that's going to solve anything SMH.""

Each of the young family members was a student. Yusor -- who married Barakat in December, according to their Facebook profiles -- recently graduated with a degree in human biology at North Carolina State University. Razan was studying architecture and environmental design at North Carolina State University last year, according to her Facebook page.

Barakat was a regular volunteer and helped organize an effort to raise money to provide free dental care to students of the Salaam School in Turkey, according to WRAL. His final Facebook post features a photo of efforts to hand out dental supplies to the homeless in North Carolina. He also started a fundraising page for a trip this summer to Turkey, where he planned to provide dental care to Syrian refugees. Supporters sent in thousands of dollars after the shooting, and the fundraising goal was exceeded by more than $10,000 Wednesday morning.",1
3670,Stating the obvious? FBI awkwardly acknowledges San Bernardino massacre likely terrorism,"Three days after a heavily armed Muslim couple who lived in a home investigators described as ""an IED factory"" burst into a Southern California office building and gunned down 14 people, the FBI finally -- and awkwardly -- acknowledged Friday that it is treating the case as an act of terrorism.

In an unusual and brief address to reporters at which Attorney General Loretta Lynch appeared and questions were not taken on camera, FBI Director James Comey affirmed the bureau's LA office's characterization earlier in the day.

""This is now a federal terrorism investigation,"" Comey said, alluding to evidence collected from electronic devices and reports that Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik may have been sympathetic to radical terrorist groups prior to the attack. After his comments, Comey asked pool reporters if they had any questions, but the pre-taped event, which was later distributed to media outlets, was cut off abruptly and no questions were permitted.

The director, a Republican appointed in 2013 and a former deputy attorney general under President George W. Bush,"" did not allude to the Muslim faith of suspects Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik. But in pronouncing it a case of terrorism, he seemed to be stating the obvious while at the same time going farther than President Obama has been willing to go and possibly hinting at some behind-the-scenes dissent. Sources told Fox News Lynch was there to ""ensure [Comey] didn't take it too far"" in his characterization of the attacks.

On Thursday, in the face of mounting evidence of a terror motive, President Obama refused to rule out an office dispute as the possible motive for the attack. The equivocation stoked outrage among many of Obama's critics, who noted his insistence on labelling as ""workplace violence"" the 2009 Fort Hood shooting, in which a Muslim Army major killed 13 people and injured another 30 while shouting “Allahu Akbar” and his ongoing refusal to characterize acts of terror as driven by radical interpretations of Islam.

""If you can't come to a conclusion at this point that this was an act of terror, you should find something else to do for a living than being in law enforcement. I mean, you're a moron,"" former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who led the city during the 9/11 attacks and their aftermath, thundered hours later on Fox News.

Then, on Friday, hours before the FBI announcement, Fox New confirmed that Malik had pledged her allegiance to ISIS as the morning attack began. She and her husband were killed hours later in a shootout with police just two miles away. Those developments confirmed the suspicions of many, and left it obvious that Malik, at least, was driven by radical Islam.

""We are investigating it as an act of terrorism, for good reason,"" David Bowdich, the assistant FBI director in charge of the Los Angeles office, told reporters in an afternoon news conference before his boss spoke.

Bowdich, who said neither of the two were on law enforcement's radar prior to the attack, cited several factors for the focus on terrorism, including ""extensive planning"" that went into the attack. The pair attempted to cover up their digital trail, damaging hard drives and other electronic devices, Bowdich said. Investigators did find two cell phones recovered from trash cans near the couple's Redlands home, and recovered evidence of communications with others who are now being investigated.

“They tried to wipe out their digital fingerprints,” he said, adding that digital communications will likely provide further substantiation of the motive, but ""it's not a three-day process.""

The post by Malik, in which she pledged allegiance to ISIS leader and self-proclaimed “caliph” Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, was confirmed by Facebook official. They said she posted the pledge just before she and Farook stormed a San Bernardino party for his co-workers before escaping. The couple died hours later in a shootout with police, and in the aftermath the 29-year-old Pakistani woman has remained largely a name without a face. No confirmed pictures of her have surfaced, and few details have emerged. The aura of mystery surrounding Malik has given rise to suspicions she may have been the radicalizing force who turned Farook from an aloof county restaurant inspector into her cohort in carnage, an Islamist fanatic capable of murdering co-workers who had embraced him for years.

""Usually it's ISIS supporters trying to radicalize young girls online as they try to find new wives, but this may be the first case I know of where the opposite happened,"" said Ryan Mauro, a national security analyst for Clarion Project, which tracks international terrorism.

Mauro noted that Farook's older brother, who shares his name, served in the U.S. Navy, which would seem to indicate that Farook's radical leanings did not come from within his own family.

""It is possible that she radicalized him or that suspected terrorists inside America he was communicating with are responsible for the radicalization, which led him to be attracted to a more hardline Salafi girl,"" Mauro said.

What is known is that Malik met Farook online and that the two became engaged after Farook traveled to Saudi Arabia in September 2013. Malik applied for a K-1 visa at the American embassy in Islamabad in May, 2014 and two months later Farook again traveled to Saudi Arabia, met her there and brought her to the U.S. on a K-1 visa, a 90-day visa given to fiancés planning to marry Americans.

“Tashfeen remains the biggest mystery,” said a leader of the area’s Pakistani-American Muslim community. “She’s the one no one knows anything about and has little to no presence on the Internet or having interacted with others in the Muslim community.”

They were married on Aug. 16, 2014, in nearby Riverside County, Calif. according to their marriage license. The marriage and passage of criminal and national security background checks using FBI and Department of Homeland Security databases resulted in a conditional green card for Malik in July 2015, two months after she gave birth to their baby daughter.

Malik and Farook, an American citizen born in Chicago and raised in Southern California by parents of Pakistani descent, lived with their daughter and his mother, Rafia Farook, in a Redlands, Calif., apartment described by one investigator as an “IED factory” and ammo arsenal.

However, Farook’s mother claimed not to have suspected any potential plots or problems pertaining to her son and daughter-in-law, telling others that the weaponry didn’t raise any eyebrows as he “was always into guns” from a young age and shooting was very much a part of his life.

Attorneys representing Farook's family said at a late afternoon press conference that none of Farook's relatives had any indication he or his wife held extremist views.

Federal officials confirmed that the four guns Malik and Farook carried when they were killed in a shootout Wednesday afternoon, some three hours after storming the San Bernardino social services facility where his department was holding a holiday party, were purchased legally. Law enforcement sources told Fox News that investigators believe the couple's death prevented a second attack Wednesday, though they have not established what the target would have been.

There have been reports Farook had ties to radicals in Pakistan and had a trip made there in recent years, but a source connected to the Pakistani Consulate in Los Angeles told FoxNews.com that he did not possess a Pakistani passport and that there is no record of him applying for a visa to travel to Pakistan through his local consulate. That did not preclude the possibility that he may have entered the country illegally or obtained a visa overseas or elsewhere.

Farook is a third-generation American from a family hailing from Karachi. Sources close to his family insisted that his marriage to Malik was not arranged. He told co-workers, who hosted a baby shower for him and his wife earlier this year, that Malik was a pharmacist. The California Board of Pharmacy has no record of her working as either a pharmacist or a pharmacist’s assistant.

Farook was a devout Muslim who prayed every day and recently memorized the Koran, according to brothers Nizaam and Rahemaan Ali, who attended Dar Al Uloom Al Islamiyah mosque in San Bernardino with Farook. Rahemaan Ali said he last saw Farook three weeks ago, when he abruptly stopped going to the mosque. Ali said Farook seemed happy and his usual self, and the brothers never saw a violent side.

""He never ever talked about killing people or discussed politics, or said that he had problems at work,"" Rahemaan Ali said. ""He always had a smile on his face.""

Prior to their marriage, Farook had multiple online dating profiles claiming he was a Sunni Muslim from a “religious but modern family” and that he was “looking for a girl who has the same outlook, wear hijab, but live life to the fullest, be my partner for snowboarding, to go out and eat with friends, go camping, working on cars with me.”

Farook was remembered as reserved by co-workers, who said he had grown his beard out in recent months – often a sign among Muslims of heightened religious devotion. He also had gotten into several heated arguments with a co-worker, Nicholas Thalasinos, about Islam. Thalasinos reportedly questioned whether Farook’s faith was truly a “religion of peace.” He was one of the 14 killed in Wednesday’s attack.

Neither Malik nor Farook had a criminal record, and the couple did not mix with the larger Pakistani-American community, and few people claim to have seen, let alone met, Malik, including neighbors. The Pakistani-American Muslim community leader, who asked that his name not be used, said the community believes is is clear that someone radicalized Farook.

“This event has shaken everyone,” said the source. “The fact that Syed and his wife seemed to be so removed from the community and no one really knows much about him or his wife at all can often be a key indicator something is wrong.”

Fox News Channel's Matthew Dean, Adam Housley and Hollie McKay contributed to this report",1
2639,"Thousands of rape kits left untested despite federal pledge, critics blame DOJ","In 1997, he followed a 15-year-old home from school. He grabbed her, held her at gunpoint and sexually assaulted her -- then shot her in the head and threw her in Colorado's Platte River, according to court records.

She survived. Despite her injuries, she walked a half-mile -- 1,000 steps -- to a highway, and flagged down a car for help.

Nearly two decades after she was left for dead, justice was at last delivered when officials were able to check the DNA from a previously untested rape kit against a federal database. Ojeda was sentenced Monday to 144 years in prison.

This case is the exception.

An untold number of rape cases -- by some estimates, in the hundreds of thousands -- remain unsolved because the rape kits used to collect critical evidence sit untested and gathering dust in police departments across America, despite $1 billion in taxpayer money approved to clear the massive backlog.

Critics blame the Justice Department, claiming it simply is not sending the money where it needs to go.

""It's a tragedy that evidence from perhaps hundreds of thousands of unsolved rape cases has never been tested for DNA,"" Scott Berkowitz, president and founder of the Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network, told FoxNews.com.

A comprehensive investigation by USA Today and its media partners uncovered at least 70,000 neglected kits in more than 1,000 police agencies. A state-by-state review suggests those numbers are on the conservative side, with 34 states reportedly admitting they have no idea of the number of untested kits.

Federal officials pushed back against USA Today's report, saying it ""greatly mischaracterizes what has been, and continues to be achieved by the Department of Justice to address un-submitted sexual assault kits.""

Rape kits contain forensic DNA evidence collected from victims during an often invasive process that can take up to six hours to complete. Testing DNA evidence in a timely manner helps identify suspects, leads to more prosecutions and in some cases exonerates those wrongly accused.

But none of that can take place if the kits aren't tested -- the $1,000 price tag for each test, though, can stress the budget of a local police department.

Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, recently sent Attorney General Loretta Lynch a letter demanding the Department of Justice address the issue. ""Victims of sexual assault should not have to wait unnecessarily for justice,"" he wrote in the June 29 letter.

Cornyn and Sen. Michael Bennet, D-Colo., were behind landmark federal legislation that led to the passage of the Sexual Assault Forensic Evidence Reporting (SAFER) Act. Signed on March 7, 2013, SAFER requires at least 75 percent of the $1 billion appropriated in the law to be directed toward reducing the massive rape-kit backlog, and increasing the capacity of labs processing sexual assault kits through 2018.

The problem, victims' advocates and lawmakers argue, is that the DOJ is spending the money on other programs.

""Congress has provided the funds to fix this problem, but over the past 10 years a large part of that money has been used for other criminal justice or administrative purposes,"" Berkowitz said. He said the law passed by Congress set ""very specific spending guidelines to ensure that the vast majority of the money goes to casework,"" adding: ""We'd like to see the Justice Department follow that formula and solve this problem once and for all.""

But an official with the DOJ's National Institute of Justice told The Washington Examiner the department ""has not received appropriations specifically to implement"" the DNA backlog grant program.

Instead of waiting for the Justice Department, some states have taken matters into their own hands.

Colorado, for instance, passed a law in 2013 requiring law enforcement agencies to analyze within one year all of their 3,542 untested rape kits -- a deadline that was met, Colorado Bureau of Investigation spokeswoman Susan Medina told FoxNews.com.

""It was a way for us to really collaborate with our law enforcement partners,"" Medina said.

While larger metropolitan cities are starting to step up and cut down their backlogs, stark inconsistencies still exist in how rural communities handle rape kits.

Decisions on which kits are tested -- and when and how -- are often left to the discretion of police departments, leaving justice at the discretion of dollars and local policy.",1
1060,Mr. Trump goes to Washington: The surreal spectacle of a know-nothing GOP frontrunner,"On Monday morning, millions of Sarah Palin fans woke up to an epic Facebook rant complaining that she and other Trump endorsers are being blacklisted by Washington insiders. This was apparently based upon some Breitbart News “reporting” which quotes some members of the conservative movement compiling a list of Trumpish apostates who will be denied membership in their club. This was somewhat ironic since the Trump campaign actually is keeping an enemies list of reporters it will not allow into its events. But such is the state of the conservative crack-up.  And it perfectly signaled the beginning of a very busy day. Donald Trump went into the belly of the beast, Washington D.C. —  and once again dominated the news cycle on the entire day before an election.

Trump started the morning with a trek to the Washington Post for an interview with the editorial board. The first question they asked was about his foreign policy team. Up until now he’s said that he watches “the shows” and would listen to himself because he has “a very good brain.” This time he named some people who are not know to be on the A-list, including a conspiracy theorist and Islamophobe and a former general who was dismissed for covering up Bush administration contracting corruption in Iraq and Afghanistan.

He whined like a tired toddler about how unfairly the Washington Post treats him and chattered excitedly about his new building project for some time. He babbled incoherently about how the country’s debt was a bubble and said we need to charge foreign governments to protect them so we have money to rebuild at home. He was asked about the issues of African Americans and the police and said that the problem was unemployment — he believes that black youth have a 58 percent unemployment rate. When pressed about whether there are racial disparities in law enforcement he affirmed his very, very strong support for the police and suggested they need to do whatever is necessary to prevent violence.

He promised to create economic zones and business incentives in the inner cities (he seems to think he just thought of that concept) but mostly he’s convinced that the answer is to lift people’s “spirit.”

I’m sure his policy of having the cops bring the hammer down as hard as possible will be a great spirit lifter.

They asked him if he had any regrets about getting down in the dirt with all the “hands” business and he went on and on and on about it. This is just a short excerpt of what he had to say on the subject:

But this exchange with the publisher was downright chilling:

That is not a typo or a garbled transcript. (You can listen to the whole interview here.) When Donald Trump was asked whether he would use nuclear weapons against ISIS, he said didn’t want to “start the process of nuclear” then explained that he’s a “counterpuncher,” reminding them how he vanquished his rivals in the presidential primary. Then he noticed some attractive people in the room.

That’s how his mind works. It’s not normal.

But that was just the beginning of Trump’s big day in D.C. After his “hands on” interview with the Post. he headed over to a private meeting with some current and former members of Congress, including Senator Tom Cotton, the audacious Arkansas freshman who wrote the embarrassing “Iran letter,” Senator Jeff Sessions, former Senator Jim DeMint, disgraced former congressmen Newt Gingrich and Bob Livingston, Calista Gingrich and a small number of backbench Representatives. No one is quite sure what it was all about, but Trump had a press conference afterwards and seemed to believe it was a very, very impressive group.

That press conference rivaled his notorious Super Tuesday Trump brand infomercial. He talked about the building he’s building for what seemed like hours, even discussing the bathroom fixtures at one point. A woman in the audience asked a question he seemed to like and he brought her up to the podium and promised to hire her on the spot. He said, “I looked at her, gut instinct, she asked a question and it was a positive question and she has a great look and she looks like a great person to me, I have instincts about people.” This is the world famous business acumen he will bring to running the government. He was asked about the violence at his rallies and he reiterated his claim that the protesters are very bad people and explained that the man who hit and punched a protester over the weekend had a wonderful family and was angry at a member of the Ku Klux Klan. (He actually beat a protester who was dressed in red, white and blue. A different protester was wearing a white hood to protest Trump’s association with the Klan.) He downplayed any threats from the GOP establishment to his campaign saying, “I don’t see threats. I see people who are trying to go against me … I think they’re very misguided. I think the people who go against me should embrace me and then I would embrace them very easily … If they don’t embrace me, then it’s a threat… There has never been an event like what we’re going through in the history of politics — people are talking about this all over the world.” He’s right about that, but one suspects he may not fully comprehend the horror with which his campaign is being greeted here and around the globe. With that bizarre public appearance under his belt Trump popped over to CNN’s studios for an interview with Wolf Blitzer as part of their evening special with the “Final Five” candidates. He said the usual stump speech nonsense and was typically unresponsive. He did take the opportunity to thoroughly trash Fox News’s Megyn Kelly, saying that he must “let people know that she’s a third rate talent.” But he assured the nation “nobody respects women more than I do. Nobody will take care of women better than I do,” so that’s a relief. And just hours away from delivering a big speech for which he used a teleprompter, he took a shot at Hillary Clinton for using a teleprompter. That big American Israel Public Affairs Committee speech was heavily anticipated among the political media, mostly because everyone wondered if Trump could give a prepared speech. And yes, there was some curiosity about whether he would go before such a typically hawkish crowd and repeat his claim that he would stay neutral between the Israelis and Palestinians. He did not do that. Instead, his Israel policy, if you can call it that, was pretty much GOP boilerplate. And despite the fact that he delivered it via teleprompter it was just as puerile and self-centered as any interview or stump speech he’s ever given. His most notable line (after his bragging about taking the huge physical risk to be the Grand Marshall of New York City’s Israel Day parade in 2004) was this one: My number one priority is to dismantle the disastrous deal with Iran. I have been in business a long time. I know deal making. And let me tell you this deal is catastrophic, for America, for Israel and for the whole middle east. We’ve rewarded the world’s leading state sponsor of terror with 150 billion dollars and we received absolutely nothing in return. I’ve studied this issue in great detail. I would say actually greater, by far, than anybody else, believe me. Oh believe me The audience roared with laughter. He may be able to convince some of the people at his rallies that he knows what he’s talking about in foreign affairs, but the AIPAC crowd isn’t fooled about his knowledge of Israel and Iran. Nonetheless, they gave him a polite reception. He didn’t challenge the status quo in any way so it was a successful speech for him. But would it have really mattered if it wasn’t? All in all, Donald’s Big Washington Adventure succeeded in doing what what he set out to do. He had the press corps following him all over town like a bunch of One Direction fans hanging on his every silly boast and ignorant rant. Today he will probably win a bunch more delegates to the Republican convention thus proving once again that it doesn’t matter what he says it only matters that he says it on TV.",1
468,Oil prices could fall further if Iran nuclear deal is reached,"Two of the biggest news stories of 2015 have been the fall in global oil prices and the apparent breakthrough in negotiations between Iran, the United States, and others around Iran's nuclear weapons research. And because Iran relies so heavily on oil exports to earn income, the two stories are deeply interlinked.

On the one hand, the decline in the world oil price has made life harder for Iran. On the other hand, relaxing the sanctions against Iran could drive down global oil prices even further — a boon to most of the world's economies, including those of most of the countries pressuring Iran to disarm.

In terms of oil sitting in the ground, Iran is a whale, with almost 10 percent of the world's proven reserves. But in terms of actual oil production, the country has become more of a minnow. That reflects the multifaceted impact of international sanctions on the Iranian industry. Most of all, the financial sanctions have made it extremely difficult for Iran to attract the foreign investment needed to actually pump the oil out of the ground.

More recently, other sanctions on Iranian shipping and direct bans on the importation of Iranian crude oil have further squeezed the industry. In January, Iran's oil minister told a local newspaper that exports had fallen 60 percent since their peak in 2011 to about 1 million barrels per day.

If sanctions were lifted, this trend would turn around as new investment poured into the Iranian industry. Of course, it would take some time for investment to lead to production, and most likely any deal would only provide partial sanctions relief. But the reality that this shadow production could come back online is hanging over global oil markets.

Beyond oil sitting untapped in Iranian soils, there is a surprisingly large quantity of oil that has been pumped and is simply sitting around in storage containers. As Anjli Raval of the Financial Times reported earlier this month, the main cause is a quiet diplomatic triumph of the Obama administration: ""Ahead of Barack Obama’s visit to New Delhi in January, the Indian government asked domestic refiners to slash purchases of Iranian oil and keep imports in line with the previous fiscal year’s levels."" This means oil the Iranians have been pumping for the Indian market has been cooling its heels in storage instead.

Back in late 2014, India was importing 348,000 barrels of Iranian oil per day, which it is allowed to do under the current international sanctions regime. That has fallen to around 50,000 barrels per day as a favor to the anti-Iranian coalition — a favor that is likely tolerable for India because the global trend toward cheap oil makes Iranian imports less desirable.

This and other export curbs mean that for a while now, Iranian exports have actually dropped even more rapidly than Iranian production. The country has responded by investing massively in oil storage. Raval, citing data from the British tanker company Gibson's, says Iran has about 37 million barrels in storage. Unlike oil that's sitting in the ground, oil stored in tankers really could explode onto world markets very quickly in the wake of any kind of diplomatic sentiment. Even if formal sanctions were released only gradually, for example, it is very unlikely that India and other countries would keep up informal deals to swear off Iranian crude.

Negotiations with Iran are being undertaken with an overwhelming emphasis on foreign policy and national security issues. But it is worth mentioning that getting Iranian oil back onto world markets and driving down prices would be excellent news for the American economy.

And it would be even better news for the economies of other key participants in the negotiations — especially Germany and China — that lack America's domestic oil industry.

Conversely, Russia, which has traditionally been one of the countries that is friendliest to Iran, would suffer further economic harm from an influx of Iranian oil. And the Persian Gulf states — led by Saudi Arabia — have generally taken a strong anti-Iranian line in geopolitics and have a strong economic interest in keeping Iranian oil off the market.",1
526,Obama to propose spending $74B more in 2016 than mandatory spending cuts,"President Obama on Thursday will seek to rally Democrats behind a budget proposal he'll release next week that would spend $74 billion more in discretionary investments than would be allowed under the spending caps mandated by Congress four years ago in an attempt to reduce the federal deficit, according to White House officials.

The proposal, a 7 percent increase over sequestration levels, includes $530 billion on the non-defense discretionary side, an increase of $37 billion over the spending caps; and $561 billion in defense spending, an increase of $38 billion over the spending caps.

The plan prompted an immediate outcry from Republicans.

""He is the most liberal, fiscally irresponsible president we've had in history,"" said Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) in an interview. ""I don't know why he doesn't see it.""

Obama will preview his plans in remarks to House Democrats at their retreat in Philadelphia on Thursday.

The president's budget proposal ""will fully reverse those cuts for domestic priorities, and match those investments dollar-for-dollar with the resources our troops need to keep America safe,"" said the administration official, who was not authorized to speak on the record.

Congress established the sequester through the Budget Control Act in 2011, mandating spending cuts that were projected to total $1.2 trillion and were scheduled to begin in 2013 and end in 2021, evenly divided over the nine-year period.

Obama's push to exceed the spending caps is already sparking a fight with Republicans, who have criticized him for attempting to grow the government at a time when wages have stagnated, limiting the benefits of the economic recovery.

“Republicans believe there are smarter ways to cut spending than the sequester and have passed legislation to replace it multiple times, only to see the president continue to demand tax hikes,"" said Cory Fritz, spokesman for House Speaker John A. Boehner. ""Until he gets serious about solving our long-term spending problem, it’s hard to take him seriously.""

In his address to fellow Democrats, Obama also plans to emphasize the need for Congress to pass a measure to fund the Department of Homeland Security beyond Feb. 27, when the agency's funds are set to expire. House Republicans are attempting to use that deadline to force Obama to accept a rollback of his executive actions on immigration announced in November.",1
4971,"Trump: I'll Only Lose With 'Cheating,' Asks Supporters To Watch Polling Places","Trump: I'll Only Lose With 'Cheating,' Asks Supporters To Watch Polling Places

Politicians often urge supporters to get out and vote. But Donald Trump wants them to go further: Get out and vote, and then stake out polling places to watch for cheating.

At a Friday campaign event in Altoona, Pa., the Republican presidential nominee said voting might not be enough for him to win.

""The only way we can lose, in my opinion — I really mean this — in Pennsylvania, is if cheating goes on,"" Trump said. ""We have to call up law enforcement. And we have to have the sheriffs and the police chiefs and everybody watching.""

He wanted the voters themselves to get involved as well.

""I hope you people can sort of not just vote on the 8th, go around and look and watch other polling places, and make sure that it's 100 percent fine,"" Trump said.

These weren't just off-the-cuff remarks for Trump. On his campaign website, you can sign up to ""volunteer to be a Trump election observer.""

Critics have decried his call to voters as voter intimidation, which is illegal.

If his remarks are found to be voter intimidation and if Trump is deemed an agent of the Republican National Committee, it would also violate a consent decree banning the RNC from such activity.

That decree, which has been in place since 1982, was ordered in response to claims of voter intimidation against minorities in the 1970s and '80s, according to Politico's Josh Gerstein.

The consent decree states that the RNC must ""refrain from undertaking any ballot security activities in polling places or election districts where the racial or ethnic composition of such districts is a factor in the decision"" to monitor those areas.

It allows normal poll watching, like rallying supporters to vote, but not anything aimed at voter suppression, like posting armed guards at polling locations or questioning people in an intimidating way before they vote.

""It's possible Trump is trying to use this as a fundraising ploy to get people's names,"" says Richard Hasen, a law professor at the University of California, Irvine. ""If that's what this is, I'd be relieved, but he's playing with fire here.""

The U.S. Supreme Court rejected the RNC's plea to remove the decree in 2013, but added an expiration date of Dec. 1, 2017. If Trump is violating the decree, the DNC could ask for an extension of up to eight years, according to Hasen.

Trump spokesman Jason Miller says claims that volunteer poll observers could be a form of voter intimidation are unfounded.

""To be clear, liberals love to throw out the voter intimidation card. What we're advocating are open, fair and honest elections,"" Miller said in a statement to NPR's Sarah McCammon.

He also added that poll watchers are ""standard for professional campaigns"" and pointed out poll watcher guides from around the country, including New York and Texas.

In his statement to NPR, Miller echoed Trump's concerns about a ""rigged system.""

""As we've seen from Crooked Hillary's willingness to use — and outright lie about — government institutions for personal and political enrichment, there's a lot of cheating going on,"" Miller said.

It's notable that Trump made these remarks in Pennsylvania. It's a key state he'll need to win in November, but Hillary Clinton has a big lead over Trump there. And according to a recent NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll, Trump is getting zero percent of the black vote in the state.

Pennsylvania also notably struck down a voter ID law in 2014, a fact that Trump said was ""shocking"" in his Friday speech.

Voter ID laws have long been criticized as a masked strategy to discourage minorities from voting. Last month, a federal appeals court threw out a voter ID law in North Carolina that, as Judge Diana Gribbon Motz wrote, targets ""African-Americans with almost surgical precision.""

Trump's suggestion that the election will be rigged is one he keeps making, even though proven cases of voter fraud are actually very rare. As of 2014, a law professor at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles who has spent years tracking fraud allegations had found only 31 instances of voter fraud out of more than 1 billion votes cast.

In the absence of a Pennsylvania ID law that might deter certain voters, Trump's call to action could be seen as another strategy to deter voters: voter intimidation.

And unlike voter fraud, voter intimidation has been a problem historically. It's what the RNC consent decree is trying to prevent, and it's not restricted to the GOP. During the 2008 election in Philadelphia, two members of the New Black Panther Movement were charged with voter intimidation after they stationed themselves outside of polling locations. The Department of Justice later dropped the case, which led to criticism that the Obama administration was unwilling to prosecute the black men for civil rights violations.",1
1288,"Clinton looks to sisterhood, but votes may go to Sanders","On the eve of the New Hampshire primary, Hillary Clinton’s quest to become the country’s first female president has encountered an unexpected problem: She is having trouble persuading women, young and old, to rally behind her cause.

The latest sign came Sunday, when a new CNN-WMUR survey here showed Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont beating Clinton among women by eight percentage points — which represents a big shift from the results last week in the Iowa caucuses, where Clinton won women by 11 points.

The survey followed unintentionally problematic comments over the weekend by Madeleine Albright and Gloria Steinem, older trailblazers who were trying to encourage younger women to support Clinton.

Steinem apologized Sunday for saying on a TV appearance Friday night that younger women were supporting Sanders because “the boys are with Bernie.” On Saturday, Albright drew criticism for saying that “there’s a special place in hell for women who don’t help each other,” even though she has expressed that sentiment many times before.

Clinton’s struggles with women underscore the extent to which she has not yet figured out how to harness the history-making potential of her candidacy in the same way that Barack Obama mobilized minorities and white liberals excited about electing the first black president.

[Meet the feminists who want a man in the White House]

Cognizant of the challenge, the Clinton campaign has sought in recent days here to address the problem, tweaking her speeches to put a focus on Clinton as an advocate for women. Clinton spent part of Friday with a group of female U.S. senators she calls the “sisterhood of the traveling pantsuits.”

At the Saturday event with Albright, Clinton offered an aspirational message — saying that the country’s history is “one of rising, of knocking down barriers, of moving toward a more perfect union” — that appeared designed to present her candidacy as a milepost on that national journey.

In an appearance on NBC’s “Meet the Press” on Sunday, Clinton defended Albright, saying that her words were a “lighthearted but very pointed remark, which people can take however they choose.”

“I think what she was trying to do, what she’s done in every setting I’ve ever seen her in going back 20-plus years, was to remind young women, particularly, that you know, this struggle, which many of us have been part of, is not over,” Clinton said.

Steinem wrote on her Facebook page that her remarks to comedian Bill Maher in which she seemed to say that pro-Sanders feminists were just looking for dating opportunities was a case of “talk-show Interruptus.”

“I misspoke on the Bill Maher show recently, and apologize for what’s been misinterpreted as implying young women aren’t serious in their politics,” she wrote.

Even so, Steinem’s comments pointed to the unexpected obstacle facing Clinton and her backers: a deep divide among women and feminist activists over how voters should respond to her.

While many older women’s rights advocates see the election of Clinton as the next logical step in a broader movement, some younger activists have expressed resentment at the notion that they should feel obligated to vote for Clinton simply because she’s a woman. Some have argued in recent months that Sanders, with his calls to end income inequality and make college free, is arguably the more feminist candidate.

[In Flint, Clinton casts herself as a problem-solver — and looks past N.H.]

“Hillary doesn’t seem to address those huge issues,” said Alexis Isabel Moncada, whose @feministculture Twitter account launched in April and boasts 170,000 followers.

Moncada, who is 17 but will be old enough to vote in November, said Clinton’s personal wealth and her life as a former first lady and secretary of state create a “disconnect with the entirety of women.”

On the trail, Clinton has begun to show more openness and reflection about the challenges of running as a woman in office, sometimes in response to challenges from other women.

At a student town hall at New England College on Saturday, a young woman told Clinton that she supported her in 2008 but has doubts about her candidacy now.

“My concern is that your answer that nothing new was found in the Benghazi hearings continues to give me some doubts,” the woman said. “Everybody knows you can’t write 30,000 emails to your yoga instructor.”

Another young woman asked why her peers think that Clinton is too buttoned up and “rehearsed.”

“I do have a somewhat narrower path that I’ve tried to walk. I do think sometimes it comes across as a little more restrained, a little more careful, and I’m sure that’s true,” Clinton answered. “It’s not just about me, it’s about young women, women of all ages, the expectations that are put upon you and how you deal with them and how you find your true voice and how you stand up for yourself and who you become.”

Many women’s rights advocates say they are proud to back Clinton, not just because of her gender but also because of her vast experience as a lawyer, first lady, senator and secretary of state.

[The Fix: Why won’t Clinton release the transcripts of those paid speeches?]

In recent weeks, Clinton has won endorsements from numerous women’s rights organizations, including the Planned Parenthood Action Fund, the National Organization for Women, Emily’s List, NARAL Pro-Choice America and the Feminist Majority.

Feminist Majority’s president, Eleanor Smeal, who launched a campaign on Clinton’s behalf, She Wins We Win, said in an interview that Clinton has not only fought for women’s rights here and overseas but is “probably the strongest single candidate that has ever challenged for the presidency.”

Some have argued that they will vote for Clinton precisely because she’s a woman.

“There has never been a president who knows what it’s like to menstruate, be pregnant, or give birth,” Kate Harding, 41, wrote in the online women’s magazine Dame shortly after Clinton declared her candidacy. Nor, Harding said, has there been a president who has faced such blatant sexism “for showing too much cleavage, or having ‘cankles,’ or wearing unflattering headbands.”

A question for Clinton is whether she can use what is looking to be an extended primary campaign against Sanders to energize women for the general election should she win the nomination.

Republican front-runner Donald Trump traded accusations of sexism with Clinton, prompting a reexamination of the support Clinton won from feminists in the ’90s when she defended her husband against accusations that threatened to derail his presidency.

[New Wave Feminism: Today’s generation embraces feminism on its own terms]

Kate Michelman, a former NARAL president and a prominent supporter of Clinton’s candidacy, echoes Clinton’s own evocation of a “vast right-wing conspiracy” in arguing that “the forces of sexism and anti-feminism are going to be loud and clear in their attempt to make sure no women get the presidency of this country.”

And some self-identified feminists say they feel less urgency to elect a woman in 2016 than they did eight years ago, perhaps because this is the second time a woman has come so close.

Shelby Knox, 29, subject of a documentary about campaigning for sex education in Texas schools, was living and working with Steinem in 2008 and said she found the attacks so painful she was “almost scared” to see Clinton announce again.

“When Hillary lost, I had this horrible fear that Gloria [Steinem] would never see a woman president,” said Knox, “as if the nation would reject any woman.”

This time around, she is confident Clinton will win. And even if she doesn’t, Knox thinks she will live to see a female president.

“It will be impossible for us not to have a woman president,” she said. “I have no doubt it will happen.”

Sellers reported from Washington. Karen Tumulty in Concord contributed to this report.",1
2242,Clinton campaign denies access to pool reporter,"The Hillary Clinton campaign denied access to the print pool reporter on Monday, reigniting reporters' longstanding concerns about the campaign's commitment to running an open and transparent campaign.

David Martosko, the U.S. political editor for London's Daily Mail, reported showing up at the campaign's breakfast stop in New Hampshire only to be told that he would not be allowed to pool the day's events. Pool reporters are responsible for sending reports from the trail to the rest of the press corps.

""Your pooler showed up at the Puritan Backroom in Manchester on a rainy New Hampshire morning at 7:45 and was greeted in the parking lot by Meredith Thatcher, a press staffer with the New Hampshire Democratic Party. Thatcher told your pooler that he wasn’t the approved print pool reporter for today’s pooled events,"" Martosko reported in his first pool report. (Note: Thatcher is actually a press staffer for ""Hillary for New Hampshire,"" not the state's Democratic Party.)

""Asked to call her boss, Harrell Kirstein, she did so and then reported: 'So I'm afraid it's a no. You're not on the list.' She said [campaign press secretary] Nick Merrill should be phoned with questions,"" Martosko continued. ""Asked if the print pooler was being prohibited from getting on either of the pool vans, Thatcher replied: 'I'm afraid that's right.' Asked why, she responded: 'All I know is what Harrell has told me. I got an email saying the print pooler would be changed for today. Sorry.'""

Denied a ride in the pool van, Martosko told Thatcher that he would drive to the first campaign stop in Rochester on his own, ""in the hope that things would be sorted out during the 75-minute drive.""

Reached via email, Martosko declined to comment. He apologized for any typos, noting, ""I'm dictating to phone as I drive."" Daily Mail spokesperson Sean Walsh said the organization is ""seeking an explanation from the Clinton campaign as to why this occurred as Mr. Martosko was scheduled to be the designated print pool reporter in New Hampshire this morning.""

Merrill, the campaign's traveling press secretary, did not respond to a request for comment. However, he did provide an additional explanation to Martosko, which Martosko relayed in a report on The Daily Mail's website:

Merrill said that the campaign’s position is that the Daily Mail does not qualify because it has not yet been added to the White House’s regular print pool – something Martosko informed him was a timing issue, not a White House choice, since Francesca Chambers, the Mail's White House correspondent, has been vetted and has a hard pass. ... 'We’re just trying to follow the same process and system the White House has,' said Merrill. ... Merrill then insisted that the decision had 'nothing to do' with the campaign considering the Daily Mail foreign press. ... 'We don’t consider you foreign press,' he said.  ... Merrill then added; 'This isn’t about you. It’s about a larger...' and did not continue his sentence. ... Merrill later insisted that his reasons were not based on the foreign-press question, but that the campaign simply wanted a day to 'have a conversation' about how to proceed.

""We want a happy press corps as much as the press corps does. And we work very hard to achieve that in tandem with them.  It's a long campaign, and we are going to do our best to find equilibrium and best accommodate interest from as many news outlets as possible, given the space limitations of our events.""

After some confusion about the location of the morning's early childhood education summit in Rochester, NH, your pooled determined that it was at the YMCA of Strafford County and arrived at about 10:20. ... Secret Service at the main entrance refused to let your pooler in and advised to go in through another entrance near a playground. ... Visiting that doorway, another agent asked for your pooler’s name and outlet, to which the pool replied “David Martosko with The Daily Mail.” A voice from behind the door, whom your pool later learned was the head of Mrs. Clinton's Secret Service detail, was heard saying “Oh. No.”  ... The first agent sent your pooler back to the front door, advising that the head of the detail insisted. At the front door again, your pooler was asked to wait while the first agent on duty checked to see if the pool would be admitted. ... The answer: ""No. You can't come in.""

Pooler was advised by that Secret Service agent that he had contacted someone “with the campaign” named “Pollard,” who personally said no, your pooler could not come in. It’s unclear who Pollard is. ... Your pooler asked if he could come inside to use the restroom. The Secret Service agent advised that the area had been swept already, so he should “hit the woods.” ... Pool saw a WMUR-TV truck outside and confirmed with a reporter from a competing local station that there were indeed pool journalist inside from photo and video. ... With a light rain falling, your pooler went back to his rental car to file this report, after counting about 210 cars in the parking lots and on the street. ... Both press pool vans from Manchester were visible outside, along with the now-famous black “Scooby” van and a contingent of New Hampshire state trooper vehicles.

""We have been working to create an equitable system, and have had some concerns expressed by foreign outlets about not being a part of the rotation. The journalists who coordinate the pool are in touch with them as are we, and we simply asked that until we can work all of that out that we send an outlet in keeping with previous precedents.""",1
5256,"Doug Schoen: Trump, Hillary and the forgotten swing vote -- seniors","As the polls continue to take shape after the conventions, we’re seeing Hillary Clinton further solidify her lead with African Americans, Latinos, voters under 30 and women. She’s made considerable gains with independents and is, miraculously, chipping away at Donald Trump’s lead with white Americans.

But what we don’t know is which side of the aisle a critical voting bloc will land: seniors.

In the latest CNN/ORC Poll, Clinton received just 35% of the 65 and older vote as Trump earned 53%  from the AARP wing.

This could spell bad news for Clinton as seniors have only increased their voting power.

In the 2000 election, voters 65 years and up made up 14% of the electorate and in the 2012 election, the same group made up 16% of all voters and had become considerably more Republican. Senior voters have become one of the biggest voting groups, eclipsing both African Americans and Latinos who made up 13% and 10% of the 2012 vote respectively.

In an election where Trump will not do as well as previous Republicans have with Latinos, African-Americans and women, it is crucial that Trump over performs with senior voters if he wants any chance of winning this race.

A February poll found that a majority of senior voters feel neglected by the candidates. Indeed, 70% said that Clinton and Trump weren’t paying enough attention to their issues – a big gamble as seniors are a bloc that actually show up to vote. In the November 2010 midterm elections, 61% of citizens 65 and older turned out to vote. This was higher than any other voting contingent.

Just like all voters, seniors want to know that the candidates understand their particular set of circumstances. And after the last few years when low interest rates have dealt a serious blow to retirement plans hurting the wallets of seniors across the nation, both Clinton and Trump need to spend more time talking dollars and cents with older Americans.

So what can the candidates do?

Hit the two most important issues in this election, the economy and national security, hard with seniors’ circumstances in mind and do the same for healthcare, an obvious high priority for the elderly.

Donald Trump’s bleak description of the state of the American economy may resonate with seniors. A Bring the Vote Home poll found that 63% of senior citizens disapprove of Barack Obama as President. In addition, the same poll reported that 76% of senior’s feel that the country is on a seriously wrong track.

While Trump hopes to woo elder voters with his promise of a new direction he thus far lacks the specificity of policy to dramatically win this argument. Clinton should emphasize her well detailed platform while also playing off President Obama’s endorsement as the most qualified person to ever run for President.

And she should play up her role as the candidate to protect Americans from national security threats.

In a July Pew Poll, 80% of Americans stated that terrorism and national security are top issues in deciding who they’re voting for this November. Hillary Clinton can win senior voters by continuing the ‘patriotic shift’ of the Democratic Party they framed at the convention. She must take in stride the label of being tough on ISIS and speak of her experience hunting down Osama bin Laden as proof that she will keep America safe.

Finally, to keep seniors on their side, both candidates need to reiterate their support to protect healthcare programs that are working, especially when costs have been skyrocketing and approval for the President’s signature plan continues to struggle.

To accomplish this, both candidates should show their support for Medicare Part D, a program created in 2003 to subsidize the costs of prescription drugs, mostly benefitting senior citizens.

Hillary Clinton has suggested reforms to Part D by introducing Medicaid-style rebates for Part D beneficiaries. What she does not realize is that mandatory rebates leads to increased premiums and limited choice. In an economy where many senior citizens are struggling to keep their heads above water, this is not a policy position that will help her gain their critical votes.

On the Republican side, Donald Trump has broken with much of the GOP by calling for Medicare to negotiate its own prices. This goes against Trump’s open-market, capitalist spirit as allowing Medicare to negotiate its own prices would lead to a $36 billon loss in research and development for biopharma companies.

Clearly, too much is at stake for the presidential candidates to be pushing these unsound policies for Medicare Part D. Not only would the overwhelming majority of senior citizens who rely on Part D be adversely affected, but those individuals' families and their healthcare providers would be left to pay a considerable price. Medicare Part D should be lauded for its success and efficiency, especially in economic terms, not used as a political pawn leaving our senior citizens at risk.

After all, in an election where the majority of seniors are already feeling like their votes aren’t being courted, both Trump and Clinton can’t afford to further alienate this crucial voting bloc.

Douglas E. Schoen has served as a pollster for President Bill Clinton. He has more than 30 years experience as a pollster and political consultant. He is also a Fox News contributor and co-host of ""Fox News Insiders"" Sundays on Fox News Channel at 7 pm ET. He is the author of 13 books. His latest is ""Putin's Master Plan"" (Encounter Books, September 27, 2016). Follow Doug on Twitter @DouglasESchoen.",1
1439,How the GOP can take back the White House,"As Republicans jockey for their party’s top spot in the 2016 presidential election, more than two dozen GOP governors are meeting in Las Vegas to discuss how best to promote and capitalize on their executive winning streaks at the national level.

With a slight advantage over Republicans in electoral votes and growing support from Hispanic and Asian-American voters, conventional wisdom holds that Democrats are favored to win the White House in 2016. But President Obama will leave few coattails in 2016 – only 27 percent of registered voters would vote for him again, giving Republicans a meaningful shot at making gains at the state and national level.

The dissatisfied majority of American voters will be looking for real change in 2016. They want a leader they can support – someone who understands the economy and will support job creation, not create broad, business-choking rules often overturned by federal courts.

The eventual GOP presidential nominee has an opportunity to capitalize on this era of public discontent and lead our country forward, united behind a shared goal of economic prosperity and growth. And he or she should start by taking cues from the Republican chief executives leading some of the most prosperous states in the nation.

Over the last four years, the GOP has excelled at the state level. In the last election cycle, Republicans picked up seven governorships, including swing states won by President Obama – Maine, Michigan, New Mexico and Wisconsin – and true blue states like Illinois, Maryland and Massachusetts. Since 2006, 44 of the 50 states have had a Republican governor. And the trend continues. On Nov. 3, voters in Kentucky elected their second Republican governor in four decades, Matt Bevin, in a big upset.

Voters increasingly look to governors to make tough choices against special-interest groups. That’s why presidential contenders should take a cue from them. If Republicans present a vision of the American Dream boosted by free-market innovation, choice in jobs, choice in providers of services and a well-run government making tough decisions for a better future for our children, they will capture and inspire American voters.

Between 2011 and 2014, GOP governors cut taxes by $36 billion, while Democratic governors raised them by $58 billion. And Republican governors are pushing back against unions by eliminating mandatory union membership, government union-dues collection, union-mandated labor for government projects and the protection of incompetent teachers. The 10 most business-friendly states in America are run by Republican governors.

Republican executive leadership is about more than just fiscal competence, however. It’s rooted in a philosophy that citizens are adults and can make decisions on what they want better than government can.

This GOP message of choice should resonate with voters across the political spectrum. Republicans support choice in doctors and health care savings accounts, choice in urban schools, choice for workers on whether to join unions, choice in construction workers for government projects, discretion in sentencing for nonviolent crimes and choice of taxicabs or Uber, hotels or Airbnb. This message works. In the November election, voters in San Francisco overwhelmingly rejected a measure that would have made it much harder for Airbnb to operate in the city.

Too often, the left speaks with a unified voice, but their loyalty to interest groups such as teachers, unions and trial lawyers means they often struggle to affect change through choice or challenge the status quo.

Democratic presidential hopefuls are selling smoke and mirrors, pushing for new and broader regulations and new taxes. They’ll promise a cornucopia of seemingly free gifts – college tuition, student-loan forgiveness, greater entitlements and more unemployment compensation.

Today, more Americans identify as independents than with either major party – a trend that is accelerating. A Gallup poll released in January found the number of self-identifying independents had grown to 43 percent of the electorate, up from 35 percent in 2008. That increase in the number of independents is concomitant with an overall decline among respondents self-identifying as Democrats or Republicans.

As the GOP finalizes its national party platforms, Republicans should focus on the benefits of the sharing economy, greater use of technology, data-based decision making, less litigation, clear and simple regulations, and empowering Americans and free markets. These are the critical issues driving our economy and sure to drive American voters to the polls next November.

Gary Shapiro is president and CEO of the Consumer Technology Association (CTA)™, the U.S. trade association representing more than 2,200 consumer technology companies, and author of the New York Times best-selling books, Ninja Innovation: The Ten Killer Strategies of the World’s Most Successful Businesses and The Comeback: How Innovation Will Restore the American Dream. His views are his own. Connect with him on Twitter: @GaryShapiro",1
2528,"Sorry Jeb, 'anchor babies' is a slur","Raul A. Reyes is an attorney and member of the USA Today board of contributors. Follow him on Twitter @RaulAReyes. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.

Open mouth, insert foot. On Thursday, Jeb Bush stepped into controversy when he used the loaded term ""anchor babies"" to refer to the U.S.-born children of undocumented immigrants. In a testy exchange with reporters in New Hampshire, Bush said that he doesn't believe the expression is offensive and blamed Democrats for perpetuating the notion that it is an insult. ""Do you have a better term?"" he asked one reporter. ""You give me a better term and I'll use it.""

Despite his family ties to the Latino community, Bush is off base. The term ""anchor baby"" is a disgusting slur. It is inaccurate as well as offensive. It is dehumanizing to Latinos, immigrants and children who are as American as you and me.

The idea of an ""anchor baby"" is centered, in part, on the assumption that having an American-born child can protect undocumented people from deportation. The child, this line of thought goes, ""anchors"" a family in the United States and allows them to gain citizenship.

In fact, having a citizen child is no protection from possible deportation. In the first six months of 2011, for example, parents with U.S.-citizen children constituted 22% of deportees. Between 2010 and 2012, the United States deported nearly 205,000 parents of citizen kids. And in 2013, more than 72,000 were deported, according to The Huffington Post. (President Barack Obama's executive action plan , which is tied up in the courts, would grant temporary deportation relief to parents of children who meet certain requirements.)

Another false notion surrounding ""anchor babies"" is that people from foreign countries are rushing here to have children. While there has been a phenomenon known as "" birth tourism "" among Asian mothers who temporarily relocate to the United States to have a child, their numbers are statistically small. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that 7,955 children were born to foreign residents in 2012. Meanwhile research has shown that the overwhelming majority of undocumented immigrants come to the United States to work.

So while the ideas behind ""anchor babies"" are a myth, the sting of this term is real. Calling someone an ""anchor baby"" strips away their humanity and judges them based on a perception of their parents' immigration status. The American Heritage Dictionary rightfully defines ""anchor baby"" as a pejorative term. Ironically, Bush has been a member of an advocacy group that has discouraged use of the term. The Washington Post reports that the Hispanic Leadership Network, whose website still lists Bush as an advisory member, in 2013 issued a memo warning Republican lawmakers to avoid terms such as ""illegals,"" ""aliens"" -- and ""anchor babies."" If Bush wants a better term for children born here to undocumented parents, how about calling them what they are? They are U.S. citizens. According to the Pew Research Center, in 2012, there were 4.5 million U.S.-born children younger than 18 living with at least one undocumented parent. When Bush and other Republican lawmakers disparage ""anchor babies,"" they are disparaging fellow citizens, and that is unacceptable. It also goes against American values of fairness and equality. Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush waves as he takes the stage as he formally announces he is joining the race for president with a speech June 15, 2015, at Miami Dade College in Miami. Former Florida governor Jeb Bush shakes hands with attendees after speaking at the 42nd annual Conservative Political Action Conference on February 27 in National Harbor, Maryland. Bush takes a selfie with a guest at a luncheon hosted by the Chicago Council on Global Affairs on February 18 in Chicago. Bush delivered his first major foreign policy speech at the event. Bush hands out items for Holiday Food Baskets to those in need outside the Little Havana offices of CAMACOL, the Latin American Chamber of Commerce on December 17 in Miami. Bush waves to the audience at the Tampa Bay Times Forum in Tampa, Florida, on August 30, 2012, on the final day of the Republican National Convention. Bush (left) and wife Columba Bush attend the 2012 Lincoln Center Institute Gala at Frederick P. Rose Hall, Jazz at Lincoln Center on March 7, 2012, in New York City. President Barack Obama (left) speaks about Bush (center) while visiting Miami Central Senior High School on March 4, 2011 in Miami, Florida. The visit focused on education. Bush (left) speaks with Brazilian President in charge Jose Alancar during a meeting at Planalto Palace in Brasilia, April 17, 2007. Bush was in Brazil to speak about sugar and ethanol business. Then-Texas Governor Rick Perry (center) testifies as Bush (right) and then-Arizona Governor Janet Napolitano (left) listen during a hearing before the House Committee on Homeland Security on Capitol Hill October 19, 2005. Bush gives a thumbs up signal from his car as he leaves a local polling station after casting his vote in Coral Gables, Florida, November 5, 2002. Bush walks out of the West Wing after meeting with his brother, then-President George W. Bush, at the White House January 9, 2002. Governor Bush participated in the signing ceremony of the Everglades Protection Agreement. Then-Mexican President Vincente Fox (left) and Bush hold a press conference September 7, 2001, in Miami. Fox visited Florida to attend the Americas Conference and deliver a speech to speak about issues such as immigration. Then-President George W. Bush (right) is greeted by Jeb Bush on March 21, 2001, at Orlando International Airport in Orlando, Florida. President Bush was in Orlando to attend the American College of Cardiology Annual Convention. Bush speaks during a press conference at the Carandolet Government Palace in Quito, January 18, 2006. Bush and a businessmen delegation were in a two-day visit to talk about a free trade agreement. Bush speaks to reporters after meeting with the Florida State Cabinet at the Florida State Capitol Building November 16, 2000, in Tallahassee, Florida. Then-President George W. Bush (left) and Jeb Bush (right), raise their arms onstage following a rally at the Florida State Fairgrounds, October 25, 2000, in Brandon, Florida. Jeb Bush (left) and then-President George W. Bush stand with their arms around each other's shoulders at a rally in Miami, Florida, September 22, 2000. Then-President George W. Bush (right) and Jeb Bush go through the line for strawberries during a stop at the Stawberry Festival March 12, 2000 in Plant City, Florida. The Bush family, (left to right) former U.S. President George W., former Florida Governor Jeb, former President George H.W. and his wife Barbara, watch play during the Foursomes matches September 25, 1999 at The Country Club in Brookline, Massachusetts the site of the 33rd Ryder Cup Matches. Former President George H.W. Bush (second left), his wife Barbara Bush (left), their son Jeb Bush (center), then-first lady Hillary Clinton (second right), and former then-President Bill Clinton (right) look up to see the U.S. Army Golden Knights parachute team November 6, 1997 at the conclusion of the dedication ceremony of the George Bush Library in College Station, Texas. Portrait of the Bush family in front of their Kennebunkport, Maine house August 24, 1986. Pictured, back row: Margaret holding daughter Marshall, Marvin Bush, Bill LeBlond. Pictured, front row: Neil Bush holding son Pierce, Sharon, George W. Bush holding daughter Barbara, Laura Bush holding daughter Jenna, Barbara Bush, George Bush, Sam LeBlond, Doro Bush Lebond, George P. (Jeb's son), Jeb Bush holding son Jebby, Columba Bush and Noelle Bush. What is sad here is that Bush, along with the rest of the 2016 Republican presidential candidates, is being dragged down by the ongoing dominance of Donald Trump in the polls. Consider that Bush is far more moderate than The Donald on immigration matters. Unlike Trump, Bush does not want to end birthright citizenship , which is guaranteed under the 14th Amendment to the Constitution as well as more than a century of settled Supreme Court law. In contrast to Trump's endorsement of mass deportations, Bush favors a path to legal status for the undocumented. Yet perhaps Bush felt he had to ramp up his rhetoric to be heard among all the media focus on Trump's campaign spectacle. If so, he only brought himself down to Trump's level. True, illegal immigration remains a contentious issue among the conservative base. But scapegoating American children is no substitute for thoughtful policy solutions. Bush is actually echoing Trump's ugly messaging about Latinos and immigrants by using such hurtful language. In an election cycle where Republicans will need to get a higher share of the Latino vote than in years past to win the White House, this could well be Bush's ""self-deportation"" moment -- recalling the comment by Mitt Romney during the GOP primaries that Latino voters remembered during the 2012 general election. In the midst of an ongoing debate over immigration, divisive rhetoric solves nothing. Sorry Jeb, but absolutely no good is served by using the term ""anchor babies.""",1
1331,Fight night: Why the South Carolina showdown could turn bloody,"The Fox Business debate here in Charleston isn’t billed as a boxing match, but by the time it ends Thursday evening, viewers may not be able to tell the difference.

There is no question that punches will be thrown; the only question is how much blood they draw.

Based on what they did in Milwaukee, I expect Neil Cavuto and Maria Bartiromo to ask civil and substantive questions. Both anchors told me after that encounter, and Cavuto just repeated to the Hollywood Reporter, that debates aren’t about them but about eliciting important information from the candidates.

But this time, that won’t matter.

No matter what questions the moderators ask, Marco Rubio, Chris Christie and Jeb Bush will find ways to pummel each other. And the reason is simple: Each needs to become the so-called establishment alternative to Donald Trump and Ted Cruz. Each would be badly wounded by lousy back-to-back showings in Iowa and New Hampshire. Each has been ramping up the rhetoric and unleashing harsh attack ads.

No way they pass up the chance to do that before an audience that could match or exceed the 14 million people who watched the last FBN debate.

Cruz, who tangled with Rubio at that debate over immigration and surveillance, will be in the mix as well. Given that he’s gently started to raise questions about Trump—as a man with “New York values,” for instance—there might be a jab or two in the direction of the man who keeps harping on his Canadian birth. But it’s more likely that the Texas senator will spar mainly with his fellow Cuban-American and the others.

Trump, if the past is any guide, will hang back a bit and engage mostly in counterpunching. But with Iowa polls now showing him either slightly ahead of Cruz or running neck and neck, we may hear him utter the word Canada once or twice.

For the middle-tier candidates, there’s no point in holding back. Bush, Christie and Rubio have an enormous amount invested in a strong New Hampshire finish.

The last FBN debate was unusually polite because it followed the CNBC debacle, with most of the candidates outraged by some condescending and opinionated questions from the moderators. But the 2016 race is in a very different phase now.

These debates, with their huge audiences, have become winnowing events like never before. That’s why Rand Paul is loudly denouncing the decision to knock him off the main stage and refusing to attend the undercard.

Network criteria can deflate candidates by keeping them out of prime time. Mike Huckabee and Carly Fiorina, who had been in prime-time debates, are in the early-evening faceoff here in South Carolina. Christie bounced back from one undercard appearance to the main stage, while Rand Paul is boycotting the 6 p.m. debate. But time is running short.

These debates have a magnified impact because they dominate the media coverage for as much as a week, with key sound bites endlessly replayed and pundits pontificating about the winners and losers. That echo chamber has helped good debaters such as Rubio, Cruz and Christie, and badly hurt Bush after what were seen as lackluster performances.

That’s why the Charleston debate, along with the Fox News debate in Des Moines later this month, looms so large: Some of the contenders could emerge badly bruised--or worse.

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
4162,Battle over Scalia’s replacement already spilling into Senate races,"Conservative and liberal advocacy groups are gearing up for a ferocious political brawl over President Obama’s pick to fill the Supreme Court vacancy created by the weekend death of Justice Antonin Scalia, and already the battle is spilling from the presidential campaign into some of the nation’s most hotly contested Senate races.

White House deputy press secretary Eric Schultz repeated Monday that the president intends to “fulfill his constitutional responsibility” by nominating a new justice and predicted that Senate Republicans, despite their current loud opposition, will ultimately hold a confirmation hearing and vote for the nominee.

“This is not the first time the Republicans have come out with a lot of bluster only to have reality sink in,” Schultz said. “We need a fully staffed Supreme Court.”

Schultz quoted President Ronald Reagan, who pressed for a vote on his Supreme Court nominee Anthony M. Kennedy, who was confirmed in 1988: “Every day that passes with a Supreme Court below full strength impairs the people’s business in that crucially important body.”

But across the board, Republicans have argued that Obama should allow his successor to make the pick and that they would block any attempt to confirm a new justice this year.

[Why blocking Obama’s pick could cost Republicans the Senate]

One consideration that may force Republicans to recalibrate their strategy is the prospect of political damage to some of the embattled Senate incumbents up for reelection this fall. Sens. Kelly Ayotte (N.H.), Ron Johnson (Wis.) and Rob Portman (Ohio), all Republicans in swing states, have called for the Senate to disregard any Obama nominee. Other Republicans in tight races have remained silent so far.

Democrats see a potential confirmation battle as an opportunity to put Republicans on the defensive and as a wedge issue that could help them retake control of the Senate. In Ohio, former Democratic governor Ted Strickland, who is vying for his party’s nomination to challenge Portman, said Monday that by opposing an Obama nominee, Portman was “failing to do his job, shirking his responsibilities to our nation, jeopardizing the institutions of our democracy and engaging in exactly the kind of dysfunctional behavior that frustrates Ohioans about Congress.”

P.G. Sittenfeld, a Cincinnati City Council member running against Strickland in the Democratic primary, declared Monday that Portman was advocating actions that would “put the Senate in violation of both historical precedent and the clear language of the Constitution itself.”

Portman responded in a statement Monday that the next president should choose Scalia’s replacement: “With the election less than nine months away, I believe the best thing for the country is to trust the American people to weigh in on who should make a lifetime appointment that could reshape the Supreme Court for generations,” he said.

Conservative activists are drawing up plans to mobilize support and pressure lawmakers to reject any nominee.

FreedomWorks, a group that pledges to promote “smaller government, lower taxes, free markets, personal liberty and the rule of law,” said it would wage a grass-roots campaign to oppose Democrats who would “ram liberal judicial nominees through the Senate . . . occasionally with the help of unprincipled, big government Republicans.”

Carrie Severino, chief counsel and policy director for the Judicial Crisis Network and a former clerk for Justice Clarence Thomas, said conservatives are still mourning Scalia. But, she added, “if the president tries to pack the court, as it is apparent he may, then JCN will be leading the charge to delay a Senate vote until the American people decide the next president.”

Liberal groups are working hard to undercut the prevailing Republican argument that it is inappropriate for Obama to nominate a Supreme Court justice at this late stage of his presidency.

Americans United for Change, a group closely allied with the White House, is trumpeting an article written by now-Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) in 1970. McConnell wrote that “the Senate should discount the philosophy of the nominee” and that “the president is presumably elected by the people to carry out a program and altering the ideological direction of the Supreme Court would seem to be a perfectly legitimate part of a presidential platform.”

Nan Aron, president of the Alliance for Justice, said the sudden Supreme Court vacancy has mobilized progressive groups and broadened the coalition usually assembled for nomination fights.

“What’s unusual about this moment, and this effort, is that the community as a whole is coming together,” said Aron, whose group focuses on federal judicial nominations. “In addition to organizations focused on judicial selections, others that aren’t realize what’s at stake and are weighing in already.”

MoveOn.org and CREDO Action, liberal advocacy groups, have launched petitions calling on the Senate to fill Scalia’s seat. As of Monday evening, each petition had garnered more than 100,000 signatures.

People close to the administration expect that Obama’s choice this time will resemble his earlier ones.

“I think the best way to think about who the president might appoint is to look at who he has appointed,” said Caroline Fredrickson, president of the American Constitution Society for Law and Policy. “He has picked people who are qualified beyond question and with an eye toward making the court more diverse. I think those will be the main touchstones.”

A person close to the administration, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to protect those relationships, said the pick is likely to be someone “super-qualified” who had been confirmed by overwhelming majorities of currently sitting Republicans; that would make it difficult for the GOP to argue that the nominee is unqualified.

Meanwhile, a wall of silence went up Monday around Scalia’s final hours and the confusion after his death. Local officials in rural West Texas, where he died, spent hours trying to locate a justice of peace after his body was discovered. The justice who was eventually found, Presidio County Judge Cinderela Guevara, pronounced Scalia dead without seeing his body — which is permissible under Texas law — and declined to order an autopsy. A second justice has said that one should have been performed.

Scalia’s family opposed an autopsy, and Guevara said Sunday that she determined by telephone that Scalia died of natural causes because he was having “health issues.’’ She cited information from federal officials at the scene and a conversation she had with Scalia’s physician. She said she was awaiting a statement from the physician to complete the death certificate.

Scalia’s physician, Brian Monahan, declined to divulge any details about Scalia’s health when reached by telephone at his home in Maryland on Monday. “Patient confidentiality forbids me to make any comment on the subject,’’ he said, before hanging up.

Jerry Markon, Sari Horwitz, Lena Sun and Alice Crites in Washington, and Eva Ruth Moravec in Austin contributed to this report.",1
1913,Clinton struggles to contain media barrage on foreign cash,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
4700,What WikiLeaks hack says about Clinton: Our view,"Now we know why she didn't want those Wall Street speeches made public.

The stream of hacked WikiLeaks emails — the latest trove dumped Thursday — from inside Hillary Clinton’s campaign opens up a troubling prospect far beyond their revelations about the differing public and private faces of the Democratic presidential nominee.

The leaks show that the Russian government might be trying to interfere with the U.S. presidential race, aiming cyberattacks at the very heart of American democracy: its fair and open elections. If an FBI investigation proves that to be the case, the hacked emails represent an electronic version of Watergate, the 1972 burglary of Democratic national headquarters that ultimately forced Richard Nixon from the White House. Only this time, the threat comes from a foreign adversary rather than a presidential administration.

For now, though, most of the public attention is on the content of the emails themselves, which make clear why Clinton balked at releasing transcripts of the high-dollar speeches she delivered to audiences on Wall Street and elsewhere in 2013 and 2014.

Assuming the WikiLeaks emails are accurate, Clinton portrayed herself to bankers as more supportive of free trade, and more flexible on industry regulation, than she has been during her drive for the presidency.

Sounding like an ardent free-trader in a 2013 speech, Clinton told one group of bankers: “My dream is a hemispheric common market with open trade.” This was consistent with her stance as secretary of State in 2012, when she praised the proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) as “the gold standard” of free trade agreements.

By 2016, however, Clinton faced populist challenges first from Bernie Sanders and then from Donald Trump. She now opposes the TPP and has few good things to say about free trade.

These days, she also proclaims her disdain for income inequality and Wall Street, having asserted in February that “Wall Street can never be allowed to once again threaten Main Street, and I will fight to rein in Wall Street.”

That was not her tone three years ago, when she told New York’s Goldman Sachs that the industry needs to be a part of fashioning industry regulation, and commiserated with the investment bankers over “the bias against people who have led successful and/or complicated lives.”

True, many politicians change positions — none more so than Trump — and some say things in private they never want the public to hear. But they pay a price for duplicity when they fail to come clean, and the comments ultimately do become public.

Clinton had two ways to inoculate herself against any damaging leaks from her Wall Street speeches. One is that she could have released the transcripts months ago, inconvenient as that might have been. The other is that she could have turned down the speaking engagements in the first place.

As the purported champion of the middle class, Clinton might have thought twice before taking $225,000 — what it takes a typical American household four years to earn — for an hour or so of work from an industry that helped push the economy to near-collapse and forced millions of Americans into foreclosure.

Now, amid the steady drip of embarrassing private emails, the speeches have come back to bite her. The wounds would have gone deeper if disclosures of Trump’s lewd sexual comments and alleged assaults had not overshadowed them.

For Clinton and other politicians, the lesson is if you fear something will become public, don’t do it. Or at the very least, disclose it yourself rather than let others control the story.

For American voters, the lesson is to beware of foreign governments seeking to damage democracy. That harm, if confirmed, will last far longer than memories about the content of particular emails hacked from Clinton’s campaign manager.

USA TODAY's editorial opinions are decided by its Editorial Board, separate from the news staff. Most editorials are coupled with an opposing view — a unique USA TODAY feature.

To read more editorials, go to the Opinion front page or sign up for the daily Opinion email newsletter. To respond to this editorial, submit a comment to letters@usatoday.com.",1
2676,Providing Balanced Information Is Not Facebook's Goal - NYTimes.com,"Catherine R. Squires is a professor of communication studies at the University of Minnesota, Twin Cities. She is also the director of the Race, Indigeneity, Gender and Sexuality Studies Initiative.

Facebook is a for-profit company that makes money packaging its users' information to sell to advertisers and other entities. The company's goal is not to produce a ""balanced"" information diet for its users. People who are shocked that Facebook might be skewing their newsfeed probably shouldn't have trusted them with their news diet in the first place, given its history. Remember those confusing and ever-changing privacy settings, and that experiment to see whether users' moods could be manipulated by changing the newsfeed? This is not the company I'd trust to tell me what's important in the world.

But the uproar over the role of human editors at Facebook — or at least, in the ""Trending Topics"" section — does revive an important question: In an information age when people can customize their news diet, how should Facebook editors decide what issues, opinions or events deserve prominence?

Given their newfound reliance on social media companies like Facebook, traditional media editors have been grappling with the same question. Any news publication with a website makes ad revenue off of popular articles, but that can be a dangerous incentive. Though important news can also be popular, all of the major publications are guilty of publishing dumbed down ""clickbait"" to attract wider audiences.

So then, perhaps the question is whether Facebook, or even the news media, is narrowing the field of news so that we, as citizens, are unable to engage in effective political and social discussions.

A Facebook newsfeed that was completely dictated by algorithms without human interference wouldn't be any better. Algorithms reflect the imperfect biases of the humans that build them. Algorithms rely on data sets, which are structured by the decisions of data gatherers guided by particular goals. For example, as most of the people who work in computing are male, it's not surprising that scholars found a gender bias in the Google's Image search: In searches for C.E.O., 11 percent of the people depicted were women, compared with 27 percent of U.S. C.E.O.s who are actually women.

Data and news can be skewed on many levels on the Internet, but competent editors could explain how they and their algorithms work. Then, at least, the public would know how and why news sites elevate certain stories.

But bias in the media is not new. These basic questions have to be worked out by each generation, confronted by each new development in media technology. They are ethical and practical questions that require a human touch.",1
5216,Which States Can Gary Johnson and Jill Stein Spoil?,"Like his third-party forefathers, Gary Johnson gets irate when you call him a spoiler. “We’re giving people a chance to vote for something, as opposed to the lesser of two evils,” the Libertarian presidential nominee shouted last week at a Bloomberg Politics reporter who asked about his invisible path to victory.

In truth, there are only two reasonable outcomes for Johnson's long-shot campaign, neither of which ends with him in the White House. In one scenario, he is no more than a nuisance for Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump, an afterthought to either major party's march to victory. In the other, Johnson’s campaign alters the contours of the presidential race, drawing votes that would have otherwise gone to Trump or Clinton.

His own view notwithstanding, the Johnson-as-spoiler scenario is highly plausible this year. In both traditional battlegrounds and in states that would be safe terrain in a normal election year, third-party protest votes have the chance of flipping results—and electoral votes.

For months, the assumption has been that one-time Republican presidential candidate Johnson and his running mate, Bill Weld, both former Republican governors, might be an attractive option for members of Trump’s party resistant to their nominee, and that remains true. But this year’s spoiler threat is not just a one-party worry. Close to a month before Election Day, Clinton and her campaign are anxious that Johnson, along with Green Party nominee Jill Stein, may look just as desirable to disenchanted members of her Democratic coalition—particularly young voters—as they do to Republicans.

Johnson will be on the ballot in all 50 states this November; Stein will be on it in all but six. The name of an independent candidate, anti-Trump conservative Evan McMullin, will be seen in a dozen states, though others allow people to write it in. All three candidates fell short of the polling criteria that would have put them on the stage at the first presidential debate—and thus in living rooms of 84 million people. But that doesn’t change the number of voters who are unenthused about their major-party choices this November. No matter who wins next month, Clinton and Trump have already made history as the most disliked nominees ever.

Both have comparably high unfavorable ratings, nearing 60 percent, and that explains why Johnson has been able to maintain solid poll numbers deep into the fall. And the Clinton campaign has reason to be concerned. Nationwide, polls show that Johnson supporters are a mixed bunch who tend to skew younger and more suburban, with an equal representation from conservatives and liberals—a jumbled demographic profile that suggests the group may contain just as many Clinton doubters as Trump deserters. For this reason, Clinton’s highest-profile surrogates have hit the campaign trail with a new line of persuasion: urging disaffected lefties not to waste their ballot. Last week, President Barack Obama used a radio interview with Steve Harvey to brand third-party votes as a boon for Trump. The same day it aired, first lady Michelle Obama warned voters at a Clinton rally in Philadelphia that they will “help swing an entire precinct for Hillary’s opponent with a protest vote or by staying home out of frustration.”

For Clinton, potential supporters most susceptible to the third-party lure are those most weakly bonded to the party—those members of the Obama coalition without much of a record voting in non-Obama elections. Among the Trump cohort, third-party voters are more likely to be gleaned from base Republicans who reject their party’s unconventional standard-bearer.

Johnson has received endorsements from several conservative newspaper editorial boards, including the Detroit News, the New Hampshire Union Leader, and the Chicago Tribune, which dubbed this election a “moment to rebuke the Republican and Democratic parties.” USA Today, which normally abstains from presidential endorsements, chose to “disendorse” Trump, but refused to throw support behind Clinton, tacitly opening a door for Johnson.

Not all third-party pressures are equal in the Electoral College. Some states have long histories of strong independent leanings—among them are Alaska, Utah, and Johnson's home of state of New Mexico. Johnson is polling strongly in all three. And while Alaska and Utah are liable to stay their usual color, New Mexico, traditionally blue, is surprisingly close at this point, the result of Johnson siphoning votes from Clinton.

But the bigger questions are in swing states, and states on the cusp of becoming competitive battlegrounds. Third-party candidates essentially take votes out of circulation, lowering the win number. The spoiler problem arises when those votes come disproportionately from one side. Quantifying the Democrats’ nightmare scenario, in which support for Johnson and Stein grows to a significant enough level by, say, drawing a quarter of Clinton’s get-out-the-vote targets and an eighth of her base, Clinton could lose strongholds such as Washington and Pennsylvania. Places like Florida, Ohio, North Carolina, and Nevada would become safely Republican.

If, conversely, the third parties garner enough votes mostly by flipping a quarter of Republicans' base and an eighth of their get-out-the-vote targets, it would flip the most competitive battlegrounds back to blue, while putting Montana, Arkansas, Indiana, and even Oklahoma within Clinton’s reach.

In 1992, Ross Perot scooped up nearly a third of the votes in Maine and Utah, pushing major-party candidates into third place, while getting closer to 19 percent of the nationwide popular vote. This year, there is no indication that even Johnson and Stein combined could reach that level of support, anywhere. Independent candidates typically see support drop as Election Day nears because many voters appear to come around and settle for one of the major party candidates. Still, the unpopularity of both Clinton and Trump has helped Johnson poll as high as 13 percent in states such as Colorado.

Johnson's strength means that a significant part of these last several weeks will be spent playing a three-sided persuasion game in which the goal is to scare wary voters into voting for the lesser of two evils rather than casting a protest vote. On a macro level, that's exactly why the Obamas and Bernie Sanders have all been out warning voters that a vote for a third-party candidate is a vote for Trump. But communicating with these disaffected voters on a more granular level is difficult, because there is little targeting information available to help strategists pick out potential protest votes buried among their base and mobilization targets. Even if campaigns could precisely identify these voters, it’s hard to know if they will turn to a third party or just stay home.

Below is an analysis of three states where third parties could make a big difference.

Democrats insist that they’re not worried about losing Colorado this November. Loyal Democrats make up three-fourths of the votes needed to win the state, and a recent influx of Hispanics and millennials has broadened Clinton’s get-out-the-vote options.

Trump’s low standing with Latino communities may alienate him from more than one-fifth of Colorado’s population. Additionally, his campaign message, which feeds on pessimism about the trajectory of American society, may be less potent to those living the Rocky Mountain lifestyle—Colorado's cities are often listed among the nation’s happiest places to live. Trump's appeals to economic insecurity are also probably better directed elsewhere, as unemployment in the state is under 4 percent, the lowest of any 2016 battleground state besides New Hampshire. Religious unease with Trump presents him yet another source of worry in Colorado: one-fifth of the Republican base lives in the Colorado Springs area, home to Focus on the Family and a hotbed for politically active Christians.

But that doesn’t make the third-party threat any less real. Libertarianism has always been most prevalent out West, and the growing number of young voters on Colorado's voter rolls—nearly a third of the state’s voters are under 35—represent a large chunk of the electorate with little historical loyalty to either party.

For any campaign, the key to a Colorado victory is its universe of persuadable voters, which is more than four times larger than in Nevada, the nearest battleground. Among these persuadable group, campaigns will find middle-aged and educated residents of the Denver area; they'll also find voters who are pro-marijuana and pro-choice. It’s with these groups that Johnson, who may benefit from name recognition from his time as governor of neighboring New Mexico, is polling best. A recent CNN/ORC survey of Colorado shows the Libertarian with 13 percent support statewide, most of it coming from self-identified independents.

As Johnson works to expand that support, his likeliest targets will be the nearly half of unreliable Democrats who are under the age of 35. Six out of 10 of the party’s get-out-the-vote targets are likely to have college degrees, and statistical models project 97 percent support among them for legal marijuana, which was enacted four years ago.

Clinton’s campaign will start worrying if third-party candidates start to attract more disenfranchised Democrats than irritated Republicans. If, say, third-party candidates were drawing a combined 16 percent of the total vote by siphoning off a quarter of Clinton's mobilization targets and one-eighth of her base, Colorado would flip, giving Trump an approximate four-point edge.

This year will be the first presidential election in which Colorado conducts its voting entirely by mail. Nearly two-thirds of the electorate is expected to cast ballots before Election Day, one of the highest rates in the nation, with six out of 10 persuadable voters likely to commit to a candidate before November. If Clinton is worried about dissension within her coalition, she may want to delay her GOTV tactics—the so-called ""chase"" programs that nudge voters to return their mail ballots—until she's had more time to sway them.

During a decade in which President Obama has significantly expanded the Democratic map into the South and West, Missouri is the largest one-time battleground state to have moved safely into the Republican column. Bill Clinton won there twice, but population decline in urban areas has kept Missouri out of Democratic reach since. Obama came within 3,600 votes of winning in 2008, but did not even compete for Missouri four years later, losing the state by 9 percentage points to Mitt Romney.

In a two-way race, Hillary Clinton would likely face a similar fate. Her Democratic base is roughly 60 percent the size of the one Missouri's Republicans count on. She could presumably turn out her entire mobilization list, while swinging every single persuadable voter her way, and still fall short.

Keep up with the best of Bloomberg Politics. Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter This year’s third-party variable may be the only thing that could change that arithmetic. With Clinton not actively competing in Missouri, Trump may have to worry less about losing the center to her than about Johnson's incursions on his right flank. Trump barely eked out a victory in Missouri’s March 15 primary, losing the state’s most educated and wealthy Republicans to Ted Cruz. The 380,000 Cruz voters—amounting to one-sixth of the general electorate—may represent Johnson's best chance to eat into the Republican coalition. Missouri evangelicals, whom Trump lost in the primary by 16 percentage points, make a promising (if unlikely) audience for the Libertarian, despite his party's traditional disdain for the politics of morality. Johnson might be able to package some of his small-government positions like a ban on federal spending for abortions to exploit existing doubts about Trump's commitment to religious priorities.

Recent polls have Trump up by a comfortable nine points, and Johnson in single digits. But if Johnson were able to pull at least a quarter from Trump’s GOP base and an eighth from his GOTV targets—pushing him to 14 percent of the vote overall—Missouri would become one of the nation’s tightest races.

Under normal circumstances, New Mexico would be a pipe dream for Trump. Democrats begin with a 145,000-voter head start over the Republican’ coalition in the state, and New Mexico's small number of persuadable voters leaves the Trump campaign with few options to outmaneuver Clinton’s ground-game forces. Third-party support could reach as high as almost a fifth of likely voters and Trump would still find the state difficult to win.

But an early October poll by the Albuquerque Journal found that Clinton’s 10-point lead in a head-to-head with Trump in New Mexico shrinks to a slight 4-point edge when third-party candidates are considered. The reason: Johnson, the former two-term Republican governor of the state, is hauling in a massive 24 percent of likely voters. That support is primarily made up of independent voters and appears to be evenly split among men and women, while also pulling equally from both Republican and Democratic coalitions.

Clinton could possibly head off a Johnson challenge by locking up support among the Hispanic voters that make up 45 percent of her get-out-the-vote targets. Trump, on the other hand, should probably worry most about losing votes to Johnson from within the majority of his base that is likely to have college degrees.

For New Mexico to slip from Clinton’s grasp, Johnson would have to win close to a quarter of voters and pull a majority of them from the Democratic ranks. To do that, he'd need to tap more than a quarter of Clinton’s less-reliable mobilization targets, as well as the equivalent of at least an eighth of her base voters, without dipping too much into Trump’s coalition.

This is the fourth in a series of eight Battlegrounds 2016 stories on the unique arithmetic that governs presidential elections in battleground states. Read more about how the battleground game is played.",1
720,Trump Hits 'Magic Number' of Delegates Required for Nomination,"Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump has officially secured a majority of GOP delegates, giving him the ""magic number"" required to clinch the GOP nomination.

Trump passed the 1,237 mark after unbound delegates from North Dakota, Colorado and Pennsylvania pledged their support for him.

NBC News declared the real estate mogul to be the presumptive Republican nominee after his remaining GOP competitors dropped out of the race in early May.

Trump will not officially become the nominee until he accepts the nomination at the Republican convention in Cleveland in July.

Earlier in the race, Trump foes within the Republican Party hoped to prevent him from reaching the so-called ""magic number"" of a majority of delegates, forcing a contested nomination process that would have prompted a potentially chaotic power struggle between different factions of the GOP on the convention floor.

But Trump deflated the hopes of rivals like Ted Cruz and John Kasich after decisively winning the Indiana primary on May 3 and putting himself easily within reach of a majority of delegates before the end of the primary process.",1
21,OPINION: Both sides of abortion debate need to talk more honestly,"“We should see human life as sacred and recognize its immeasurable worth in every human condition,” Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback said in his 2015 State of the State address. “Whether at the beginning of life or the end of life, Kansas is the most pro-life state in America. And we are not going back.” On April 7, he kept his word, signing into law the Unborn Child Protection From Dismemberment Abortion Act, which states that, starting July 1, a person who, “with the purpose of causing the death of a living unborn child,” knowingly dismembers and extracts such an unborn “child, one piece at a time from the uterus,” may be charged with a Class A misdemeanor if it is his or her first violation of the law. Subsequent violations render a person liable for a felony conviction and carry a jail sentence of up to nine months. The Kansas act is the first state law since Roe v. Wade to block women’s access to a commonly used method — medically known as dilation and extraction — for second-trimester abortions, which account for just under 10 percent of the approximately 1 million abortions performed in the United States each year. It’s an unsurprising development, given Kansas’ track record on abortion regulation and the pattern of state-level abortion legislation in the last 18 months. The law’s rather striking name garnered national attention for its use of the word “dismemberment.” It gathers its rhetorical power, ironically, from the decision of earlier reproductive-rights advocates to frame the debate not as a morally complex issue but rather as a simple issue of women’s choice. But any argument that focuses just on women’s interests, or alternatively, only on the rights of the fetus, is ultimately misleading.

Why didn’t Kansas choose more neutral language that would have been consistent with some of its other statutes, such as the Pharmacy Practice Act and the Uniform Controlled Substance Act? After all, the vote — 98 for the bill and 26 against it — would not have been significantly different had the bill had a more innocuous name. A possible reason is that Kansas lawmakers wanted to be brutally honest. Second-trimester abortions performed using the dilation and extraction method do involve removing a fetus in pieces from a uterus. Perhaps those lawmakers thought learning that fact might change some American’s minds about the moral status of abortion (though it would change them by inducing disgust, not by providing additional reasons for thinking that abortion is a morally complex issue). A less benign but utterly familiar possible reason is to put critics of the bill on their back foot, cast as defenders of the dismemberment of unborn children. Politicians and advocates of all kinds are adept at framing their side of a debate in terms that guarantee the maximum amount of awkwardness for any expression of dissent. The expression “pro-choice” as a label for supporters of the right to abortion was strategically adopted to counter the rhetorically powerful label “pro-life.” While the term “pro-choice” captured the morally central idea that each of us should be free to decide whether we become parents, it also abetted the gradual but substantial intrusion of state restrictions across the country into Americans’ reproductive lives. Abortion cannot be described as a morally neutral act akin, as philosopher Mary Anne Warren once suggested, to “cutting one’s hair.” It’s an act that kills a fetus and ends the development of a very young member of our species. Had reproductive-rights activists told the whole moral story about abortion from the beginning, there would have been less rhetorical wind for the sails of legislation such as Kansas’. In other words, full disclosure about the moral dimensions of abortion would have prevented states like Kansas from even appearing to occupy the moral high ground when they enact regulations allegedly designed only to protect unborn children.

This point applies to both sides; opponents of abortion access have also been quite selective in the moral tale they tell. For if the death of a fetus is morally significant simply because it is human, so too is the well-being of the woman carrying it. If having an abortion is far more serious than having a haircut, then giving birth to a child is an even more morally consequential act for the biological mother as well as for the adult who the child will become. Hence arguments that focus exclusively or primarily on the fetus and ignore the interests of women are dishonest in their own ways.

Abortion is a horrendously complicated moral issue, so complex that many Americans find it difficult to express a clear view about it. This difficulty is evident in recent polling results that show that while 28 percent of Americans believe that abortion should be legal in all circumstances and 50 percent believe that it should be legal in some circumstances, only 47 percent describe themselves as pro-choice. One diagnosis for what’s going on here is that people acknowledge that both abortion itself (the killing of the fetus) and abortion access are morally significant, because each intimately affects how and whether a human life continues.  As I have written before, over the past 40 years the terms of the abortion debate have accreted new and unhelpful connotations. “Pro-choice” now connotes the view that abortion is morally permissible under any circumstances and that all that matters is the pregnant woman’s wishes, while “pro-life” connotes an ugly and pernicious view of women and of feminist commitments more generally. Thus linguistic entities that began as pithy slogans expressing moral views no longer perform that function and are in fact obstacles to any productive conversation about abortion and abortion policy in the U.S. Planned Parenthood belatedly recognized it was time for a linguistic change in 2013 when it produced a YouTube video encouraging people to dispense with the life-versus-choice rhetoric. In its place, the organization recommends returning to the idea that abortion is a “personal decision.” That term, unfortunately, appears to represent an even deeper retreat from moral honesty about abortion. We should agree with Planned Parenthood that elected officials ought not legally prohibit women from acting on their reproductive health care decisions. However, we do not need to deny that abortion kills a biological human being. In suggesting that an individual’s choices fully determine the moral permissibility of her actions, reproductive rights advocates continue to play into the hands of politicians who favor banning abortion. Women will continue to face unwanted, unintended and life-threatening pregnancies, and according to the Guttmacher Institute, 3 in 10 American women will have at least one abortion by age 45. Even so, most reasonable people agree that reducing the incidence of abortion in America would be a good thing. That will not be achieved by legislation such as the Kansas law, which is little more than a cynical use of language designed to shame and horrify. People on all sides of this discussion need to step with both feet onto the moral high ground. It will do no good to limp along with just one foot in the truth — on the one hand, that abortion kills human fetuses or, on the other, that women’s freedom of choice is all that matters. Both matter, and the fact that they do demands of us serious personal reflection about how we act as well as compassionate public policy grounded in the real world.",1
4551,"Possibility of fire aboard EgyptAir flight raised as body parts, debris found in Mediterranean","As pieces of luggage, human remains, wreckage and what could be a tell-tale oil slick were found early Friday in the Mediterranean Sea, one aviation expert said telemetry received by satellites from the doomed plane suggested a fire could have started onboard, knocking out computers and control mechanisms.

David Learmount said the fire could have started in the plane's avionics compartment. Such a scenario could indicate an electrical fire, and not terrorism, brought down EgyptAir flight 804 on Thursday.

The first physical clues to the crash of flight 804, which carried 66 passengers, crew and security officers, surfaced about 190 miles off the coast of the Egyptian city of Alexandria. Reports of debris being found on Thursday proved false, but the verified debris field could bring authorities closer to the all-important flight data recorder, which could provide insight into what caused the crash.

An EgyptAir official said midday Friday that wreckage of the missing plane has been found, including body parts, luggage and passengers' seats. The announcement came hours after a Greek official also reported evidence being found.

""A short while ago we were briefed by the Egyptian authorities... on the discovery of a body part, a seat and baggage just south of where the aircraft signal was lost,"" Defense Minister Panos Kammenos told reporters in Athens, according to Reuters.

The Cairo-bound flight had left Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris late Wednesday night, and disappeared from radar as it neared its destination. Authorities have said terrorism is more likely than technical failure, but the investigation is still in the early stages.

A flotilla of international ships and boats were searching a wide swath of the sea Thursday and during the night for debris from the ill-fated Airbus 320. The mile-long oil slick was identified from satellite images from the European Space Agency, which cautioned that there was no guarantee the slick was from the missing aircraft. The agency said the slick was about 25 miles southeast of the plane's last known location, and passed the information to relevant authorities late Thursday.

The Egyptian presidency Friday expressed its ""deep sadness and extreme regret"" over the deaths of the passengers and crew members aboard the flight -- the first official recognition of the tragic crash. Egypt’s military also confirmed for the first time Friday that plane debris and passengers’ personal belongings were found in the Mediterranean Sea.

Egyptian army spokesman Brig. Gen. Mohammed Samir wrote on his Facebook page that Egyptian jets and naval vessels participating in the search for the missing plane had found ""personal belongings of the passengers and parts of the plane debris.""

Egyptian airport officials said Friday that three French and three British investigators and an AirBus technical expert had arrived in Cairo to join the investigation.

No terror groups had taken credit for the disaster as of Friday morning, and authorities were going through the passenger manifest, crew members' backgrounds and airport staff for possible links to terror. Authorities said the plane swerved and spun wildly before plummeting into the sea. The Egyptian military said that no distress call was received from the pilot.

In Paris, French authorities scoured Charles de Gaulle Airport, the country's main hub, for any sign of a security breach prior to the flight's departure. Reuters reported that investigators were interviewing officers who were on duty at the airport Wednesday night to determine whether they heard or saw anything suspicious.

""We are in the early stages here,"" a police source told Reuters about the investigation.

The Wall Street Journal reported that French investigators were poring over surveillance footage from the airport, as well as performing background checks of those on board the plane and anyone who may have had ground access to the aircraft.

Flight 804 was carrying 56 passengers, including one child and two babies, three security staff and seven crew members, officials said. Egypt's aviation minister, Sharif Fathy, described those on board as including 15 French passengers, 30 Egyptians, one Briton, two Iraqis, one Kuwaiti, one Saudi, one Sudanese, one Chadian, one Portuguese, one Algerian and one Canadian.

Families of the victims spent the night in a hotel in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, while they awaited the news of their loved ones. Egyptian officials said some arrived from Paris late Thursday, among them eight relatives of the 15 French passengers on board the missing jet.

Later Friday, the relatives of those killed held prayers for the dead at Sultan Hussein mosque in Cairo. Some of them cried as they prayed.

Among those killed were Salah Abu Laban, his wife Sahar Qouidar, their son Ghassan Abu Laban and daughter-in-law Reem al-Sebaei

The relative, Abdel-Rahman al-Nasry, told The Associated Press, ""I ask God for forgiveness. This is very hard for the family.""

Magdi Badr, a family friend, said, ""we pray for the victims.""

In the U.S., Los Angeles International Airport announced Thursday that it was stepping up security in the wake of the EgyptAir disappearance. A statement from airport authorities said they were eliminating or restricting airport worker access to 150 doors in the terminals. The statement also said additional airport police officers had been assigned to monitor employee access points and conduct random screenings.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
789,Presumptive Nominee? Trump Indiana Win Creates Big Challenge to Unite Party,"Donald Trump delivered a knock-out punch to Sen. Ted Cruz, winning an astounding victory in Indiana Tuesday night.

The state was Cruz's last stand, but he was unable to deliver. That means Trump is now the presumptive GOP nominee for president.

""It really looks like a massive victory and looks like we win all 57 delegates,"" a subdued Trump told supporters Tuesday night.

With Trump now only about 200 delegates away from what he needs to secure the nomination, even RNC Chairman Reince Priebus acknowledged that Trump is the party's presumptive nominee.

""We need to unite and focus on defeating Hillary Clinton,"" he tweeted.

Meanwhile, a disappointed Cruz announced he's suspending his campaign, saying, ""We gave it everything we got, but the voters chose another path.""

And now it is clear the path is a Washington outsider, with Republicans preferring a non-politician, a brash and outspoken billionaire businessman over the Tea Party candidate.

In New York, Trump told his supporters America needs to win again because it's been losing all the time.

""We lose with our military--we can't beat ISIS. We lose with trade. We lose with borders. We lose with everything,"" he said. ""We're not going to lose, we're going to start winning again and we're going to win bigly, believe me.""

But the question now is can Trump win his race for the White House against Hillary Clinton?

The former secretary of state has 92 percent of the delegates she needs to secure her party's nomination.

But Democrat socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders -- who upset Clinton to win the Indiana primary -- has yet to concede defeat, insisting said he has momentum.

""I understand that Secretary Clinton thinks that this campaign is over. I've got some bad news for her,"" Sanders told supporters.

But with many super delegates already pledged to Clinton, it seems mathematically impossible for Sanders to win his party's nomination. Nevertheless, he promises to stay in the race.

Although their party conventions and official nominations are still more than two months away, Trump and  Clinton will now focus their campaign efforts against one another.",1
3372,Is the Hillary email scandal Watergate all over again?,"The reporter who broke the Watergate scandal wide open, Bob Woodward, says the Hillary email scandal reminds him of Nixon’s drawn out battle over the White House tapes 40 years ago. Just a few weeks ago Hillary Clinton seemed unstoppable: a shoo-in to win the Democratic nomination, and favored to win the presidency. Now there is open speculation that her candidacy is in trouble, and that she could be held criminally liable for mishandling highly classified documents – a crime that has sent lesser-known people to jail.

Woodward is right. Hillary’s troubles are taking on the tones of Nixon’s demise. I was a young staffer in the Nixon White House, working in the West Wing before, during and after the Watergate scandal. There are eerie similarities. In 1972, Richard Nixon was headed for a landslide re-election: his foreign policy successes were stunning -- the opening to China, arms control with the USSR, ending the Vietnam War -- and the economy was good.

But then the Democratic National Committee headquarters, in the Watergate office building, was broken into just before the election and files stolen. The burglars were traced back to several mid-level people on Nixon’s staff. Congress eventually formed a Watergate committee to investigate wrongdoing. The Justice Department created a special prosecutor with subpoena powers.

One by one my colleagues in the West Wing were brought in to testify publicly before Congress, and summoned to meet behind closed doors with the special prosecutor. Every week investigative reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein had a new story on the front page of the Washington Post, with details of the investigation.

One revelation involved a previously unknown Oval Office taping system that recorded the president’s meetings. The special prosecutor wanted Nixon to turn over those tapes. Nixon refused. In late July 1974 the Supreme Court ruled that Nixon had to turn over the tapes. There were hours and hours of tapes, but three seemed to implicate Nixon personally in the Watergate cover-up, and one ‘smoking gun’ tape condemned him.

Nixon’s support in Congress, which had waned for months, collapsed overnight. Suddenly the most powerful man in the world, who had been re-elected less than two years before in the greatest landslide in U.S. history, was forced to resign the presidency or face impeachment, trial and removal from office for “high crimes and misdemeanors.”

Nixon never went to trial or did jail time. His guilt was never proved, and recently released evidence indicates that the rush to indict Nixon was probably more about politics than policies. But Nixon’s presidency was over. On August 9, 1974, I walked from my West Basement office to the East Room to watch a man who had dominated American politics for a generation say farewell to the staff.

It was one of the most stunning political reversals in modern times.

 For years, commentators have wondered why Nixon didn’t just destroy the tapes when he had the chance.

Today it seems like déjà vu all over again, to quote Yogi Berra.

 Did Hillary Rodham learn from Nixon’s mistakes? Did Hillary Rodman Clinton think if she destroyed her email server, or wiped it clean, she could avoid Nixon’s fate? The problem is in the digital age nothing is permanently wiped away. Even if Hillary succeeded in deleting the emails, they probably exist on other people’s computers.

Why did Clinton have a private email system in the first place? Did she think by keeping her email and files under her control she could decide what to make public and what to keep out of prying eyes? She is famously rigorous about her statements and public image. Did she believe if she could control the historical record she could fashion her own legacy?

Why did Clinton, like Nixon, refuse to turn them over in the first place? Does she have something to hide? She claims the emails she did not turn over were personal, about her yoga schedule and her mother’s funeral. She claims they were deleted because of convenience. But she is the one who made that call, not some neutral third party. Nixon claimed his tapes were his property, too. He claimed the ones that were not turned over contained top secret national security information. Was Secretary Clinton trying to hide some wrongdoing? Are those missing emails about the Benghazi scandal? About a relationship between the Clinton Foundation donors and her decisions at the State Department?

Why has the administration suddenly reversed course to allow inquiries into Hillary’s emails? It’s hard to believe that in one of the most partisan administrations of all time, the sudden onslaught of Executive Branch investigations are an accident. She is now being investigated by three government agencies – The Justice Department, the State Department and the Intelligence Community. If so, why? Has someone at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue concluded they do not want Hillary Clinton to succeed President Obama.

Will the investigations find any evidence of wrongdoing? Once special prosecutors are appointed, or congressional investigations begun, they always find something. Watergate, Iran-Contra, Whitewater.

Secretary Clinton has gone from saying she never received classified emails on her personal email account, to saying she never received emails that were marked classified. That’s a big leap. If they were classified, and someone deleted the classification, that’s an offense.

We are not at the end of investigations into Hillary Clinton. They are likely just beginning. Once the emails are recreated, which they will be with time, where will the trail lead?

It may not be as earth shattering as Nixon’s forced resignation from office in August 1974. But it could present Secretary Clinton with insurmountable difficulties in her quest to be the first woman President. The greatest irony of all? One of the staff members on the Watergate Committee that investigated Nixon’s files and tapes was a young lawyer named Hillary Rodham. Déjà vu, all over again.

Kathleen Troia ""K.T."" McFarland is a Fox News National Security Analyst and host of FoxNews.com's ""DefCon 3."" She served in national security posts in the Nixon, Ford and Reagan administrations",1
2363,Do Britain’s gunless bobbies provide answers for America’s police?,"— To join the few and the proud who police Britain’s streets with a gun, first you have to walk the beat unarmed for years.

Then there is the rigorous selection process — an unforgiving complement of fitness tests, psychological appraisals and marksmanship exams. Finally, there is the training, which involves endless drilling on even the most routine scenarios.

“They rehearse those situations like a SEAL team trying to get into Osama bin Laden’s compound,” Cambridge University criminologist Lawrence Sherman said.

Yet, in a country where the vast majority of police officers patrol with batons and pepper spray, the elite cadre of British cops who are entrusted with guns almost never use them. Police in Britain have fatally shot two people in the past three years.

That’s less than the average number of people shot and killed by police every day in the United States over the first five months of 2015, according to a Washington Post analysis.

As the United States reckons with that toll — and with the constant drip of videos showing the questionable use of force by officers — lightly armed Britain might seem an unorthodox place to look for solutions. But experts say the way British bobbies are trained, commanded and vigorously scrutinized may offer U.S. police forces a useful blueprint for bringing down the rate of deadly violence and defusing some of the burning tension felt in cities from coast to coast.

Of course, British and U.S. police are patrolling different societies. The United States has some of the world’s loosest gun laws and some of the highest rates of gun ownership.

Britain is the opposite, with handguns and assault rifles effectively banned.

That inherently changes the way police officers do their jobs.

Phil Palmer was a British police officer for 15 years and was stabbed twice in the line of duty.

“But in all my time, I never expected to have to deal with anyone with a firearm,” he said.

During a year in the United States teaching and working with New York City police officers, he quickly realized that they had a very different expectation.

“They were very professional. But every time they got out of their car to talk to someone, their hand would hover over the gun,” said Palmer, now the co-director of the Institute of Criminal Justice Research at Britain’s University of Southampton. “Police in America are more aggressive, and I think that’s because they have to be.”

But there are also enough similarities that the British model carries special relevance. Like the United States, Britain is large, urbanized, democratic and diverse. Police have to reckon with gang violence, organized crime and Islamist extremists, all amid persistent allegations that they unfairly target minority communities.

That puts Britain in a different class than the handful of other nations that largely forgo firearms when policing, including New Zealand, Iceland, Ireland and Norway.

Few here would argue that the United States should adopt Britain’s nearly firearms-free approach. But as increasingly horrified British officers and commanders have watched videos of American police officers firing on civilians, they say they hope that some of their strategies and practices can be translated across the Atlantic.

Sir Peter Fahy, chief of the Greater Manchester Police, commands 6,700 officers — just 209 of whom are armed. Those authorized to carry guns, he said, face extremely tight protocols governing when they can be deployed and under what circumstances they can fire. Shooting at moving vehicles, at people brandishing knives and at suspects fleeing a scene are all strictly forbidden except under extreme circumstances.

“It’s very controlled,” he said. “There’s a huge emphasis on human rights, a huge emphasis on proportionality, a huge emphasis on considering every other option.”

All officers, he said, are taught to back away from any situation that might otherwise escalate and to not feel that they have to “win” every confrontation.

“I constantly remind our officers that their best weapon is their mouth,” he said. “Your first consideration is, ‘Can you talk this through? Can you buy yourself time?’ ”

That mantra helps explain why, across England and Wales over the past decade, there has been an average of only five incidents a year in which police have opened fire.

So, too, does the stringent screening process. Officers must serve for years before they can apply to carry a gun, and the selection of those deemed worthy is intensely competitive.

When Mark Williams applied to be a firearms officer in 1995, he was among a group of 16 who started the grueling regimen of physical and psychological trials. Three made it.

Williams was among them, but that wasn’t the end of the testing. He and his fellow firearms officers faced regular drills challenging them to find creative ways out of confrontations and spent long nights at the shooting range to upgrade their marksmanship.

“If you fired the kind of rounds we did, you’d be bankrupt,” said Williams, who is now chief executive of the Police Firearms Officers Association. “We can put a lot of effort into the ones who are armed, because there aren’t that many.”

Some aspects of British policing are more easily transferrable. Sherman, the Cambridge criminologist, recently told a White House task force that the United States should create a national college of policing, that states should set up police inspectors general to provide oversight and that local police forces should merge to achieve a minimum standard of 100 officers per department. All are steps, he said, that have worked in Britain.

Of course, police shootings here can still arouse intense debate. One of the most prominent came in 2005, when a Brazilian electrician, Jean Charles de Menezes, was mistakenly identified as a would-be suicide bomber and shot nine times in the head by elite officers in a Tube station in London.

Prosecutors chose not to charge anyone with his killing, a decision his family is challenging this week at the European Court of Human Rights.

In 2011, police shot dead a 29-year-old black man, Mark Duggan, prompting several nights of riots across London. An inquest later ruled the killing had been lawful because police had ample reason to believe that Duggan was armed. But rights groups say the killing, and others like it, raise questions about police practices that echo concerns in the United States.

“They may well be fewer here, but they raise similar issues,” said Deborah Coles, co-director of Inquest, an advocacy group.

Still, there is little doubt that Britain has a more uniform and transparent process for reviewing such cases.

Every police killing here is subject to an independent inquiry, and even nonfatal shootings are meticulously tracked and evaluated.

Sir Denis O’Connor, a former police chief who later served as a royally appointed independent overseer of British police work, said cops here take seriously the idea of “policing by consent.” They see themselves as working for the public, he said, rather than for the state itself.

They also know that someone is always looking over their shoulder.

“The cops here tend to fear getting it wrong and being criticized by a judge,” he said. “Cops in the U.S. fear getting shot. Those are two very different worlds.”

After 800 years, Britain finally asks: Do we need a written constitution?

World crises may be multiplying, but campaign turns Britain further inward",1
2464,Christie is wrong. Vaccination is not a personal decision. It's a social obligation.,"New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie thinks parents should be able to choose whether to vaccinate their children. ""Parents need to have some measure of choice in things as well,"" he told reporters Monday.

No, they shouldn't.  Parents shouldn't have much matter of choice in vaccinating their children because people like Livia Simon don't have a matter of choice in the issue, either.

Simon is a a six-month-old infant in California. Babies her age don't have strong enough immune systems to handle the flu vaccine. So Livia depends on me and you and everyone around her getting vaccinated.

the point of vaccination isn't to stop you from getting disease. it's to stop spread.

More specifically, she depends on something called herd immunity: a firewall that stops a disease from bouncing from me to you and, eventually, to six-month-old Livia. Herd immunity matters the most for those with compromised immune systems like infants, the elderly, and some auto-immune disease patients (some people who have AIDS, for example, can't get the measles vaccine).

The point of getting vaccinated isn't to keep you from getting the flu (or measles, mumps or whooping cough).  It's not, as Christie seems to frame it, a decision about keeping your kids safe from disease. It's to keep you and your kids from spreading all those diseases to people like Livia — people who don't have the option to get vaccinated.

this year, we screwed up

This year, we screwed up. Because some people didn't get vaccinated, more than 80 people caught measles in an outbreak that started at Disneyland. At least six of them are infants who are less than 12 months old.

We nearly screwed it up for Livia, too. As her mother Jennifer told the Washington Post earlier this week, Livia had to spend the last month in quarantine because an unvaccinated child who visited her pediatrician's office may have exposed her to the disease.

This is very risky: approximately 1 to 2 of every 1,000 children infected with measles will die from the disease. Luckily, very few people get infected with measles these days (thanks entirely to the vaccine) but, when it strikes, measles will kill.

""Some parents see it as a personal choice, like homeschooling,"" Jennifer told the Post. ""But when you choose not to vaccinate, you’re putting other children at risk. You’re putting your child above other people’s children.""

Each day, we make dozens of decisions that directly relate to our health. We decide to wear a seatbelt on our way to work, or we don't. And sometimes, we choose the riskier path for reasons of convenience or comfort or pleasure. We might not wear a bike helmet or we might have a second drink at happy hour (Or a third. Or a fourth).

These are decisions about the amount of risk that we want to take on as individuals, and we accept the risks of our own decisions.

Deciding whether or not to get vaccinations — or to get our children vaccinations — is not one of those decisions. Vaccination is not a personal decision. It has the potential to affect hundreds, maybe thousands, of other people.

vaccination is a decision that Affects hundreds, maybe thousands of other people

Objections to vaccination among those healthy enough to get immunized (those of us over the age of one, essentially) typically just aren't good enough to justify the risk.

Much of it revolves around the safety of the vaccine. Even in the Amish community in Ohio, it wasn't a religious belief that caused low vaccination rates — and laid the groundwork for a huge outbreak. Instead, it was news of two nearby children suffering complications from the shots that turned the community against vaccination.

So let's clear that fact up here right now: the measles vaccine is, without a doubt, safe. Study after study after study confirms this. The study that suggested the measles vaccine was not safe — and had possible links to autism — was retracted by the academic journal Lancet in 2010. The researcher who published the study, Andrew Wakefield, was stripped of his medical license in Britain.

Not only is the measles vaccine safe, it's also incredibly effective. Ninety-seven percent of people who get two doses of the measles vaccine will not catch the disease (compare that to this year's flu vaccine, which reduces the risk of catching the disease by 23 percent). This means that measles is an entirely preventable illness — if all of us get our vaccines.

Yes, in the literal sense, parents ultimately get to decide whether to opt-out of vaccination — and, thankfully, the vast majority of them choose to vaccinate their children.

What gets lost in much of the chatter around the current measles outbreak in California is that the vast majority of people do make the right decision on vaccination. About 92 percent of the American population is immunized against measles, for example. The rate of vaccine exemptions is very low.

But research published in 2009 in the New England Journal of Medicine shows that the rate of non-medical exemptions increased from 0.98 percent to 1.48 percent between 1991 and 2004. Even those tiny upticks in opt-outs matter — especially for measles, which is so infectious that it requires near-universal vaccination to stop its spread. A study in Scientific American published data showing that most states are now below the threshold for herd immunity on measles (those are the states with red bars below).

For measles — one of the most infectious diseases known to man — the bar for herd immunity is high. Scientists estimate that about 92 to 94 percent of the population needs to get vaccinated to sufficiently protect vulnerable groups from the disease's spread. Measles is viciously contagious: as my colleague Julia Belluz reported earlier this week, when one Amish missionary brought it back to his community with low vaccination rates, it quickly spread to 382 people and took months to contain.

""There are some fluctuations,"" Cristina Cassetti, program officer at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, told Wired. ""and if vaccination levels dip down a little, you get a situation like Disneyland.""

Vaccination is not a personal decision, and doctors know that better than the general public. Last fall, Pew Research Center asked both the general public and members of the American Association for the Advancement of Science — the country's largest trade group for scientists — whether parents should be allowed to decide not to vaccinate their children.

""If vaccination levels dip a little, you get something like disneyland""

Thirty percent of parents thought yes, it should be a parents' decision. Among scientists though, the number was much lower: 13 percent thought parents ought to make the call on vaccination. A much larger majority didn't think it should be a parent's choice.

Your vaccination makes it harder for other people you come in contact with to catch the disease. This isn't only important if you interact with infants, the elderly, or people who have compromised immune systems. It's also important if you interact with anyone else who interacts with infants, the elderly, or people who have compromised immune systems.

The decision not to vaccinate is not about health. We have the facts to prove that's just not right. It is a decision that is, at its root, about selfishness: putting beliefs not supported by science ahead of Livia and 4 million other babies born in the past year. These are real risks, and, in deciding to skip vaccines, you are absolutely making them worse.

WATCH: 'Vaccines do not cause autism, they save lives'

Update: Christie issued a statement after his Monday remarks that said he supports some, not all, vaccines being mandatory.",1
5228,Steve Case: Why I’m voting for Hillary Clinton,"I’ve been involved in policy for three decades, since AOL played a pivotal role in getting the nation online in the early days of the Internet. Initially, my focus was on commercializing the Internet, expanding access and putting appropriate rules of the road in place. In the past decade, my focus shifted to encouraging pro-growth policies that foster innovation, generate jobs, help start-ups and create opportunity. I was proud to work with a Democratic president and a Republican House to help get the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act passed four years ago, and I have spent countless hours meeting with members of both parties on immigration reform, patent reform and pro-start-up economic ideas.

Despite my active engagement on policy, however, I’ve tried to steer clear of politics. I’ve avoided endorsing candidates or making big contributions to campaigns. I’ve wanted to be nonpartisan, able to work with people on both sides of the aisle. Indeed, I’ve been troubled by the hyper-partisanship that has defined our politics of late, and by the resulting gridlock that has set in. The United States faces many challenges, but in my view our greatest threat may not be external forces but rather our inability to work together to move our country forward.

So my inclination is to continue to stay out of politics and continue to quietly build working relationships with both Republicans and Democrats. I’d prefer to be positioned as a builder of bridges and consensus.

But I’ve decided to make an exception this election. I have concluded that I cannot sit on the sidelines this year. At this pivotal time, the choice is too important.

I’ve decided to back Hillary Clinton for president for four reasons.

First, I think she’d be better for our economy, especially with respect to innovative technology and start-ups. Donald Trump knows business, but his campaign has been backward-looking on the economy and oddly absent of ideas to spur creation of the jobs of the future. Clinton understands what we need to help start businesses and will invest in education, advanced manufacturing and basic research. She’s not promising a return to a bygone era — she’s focused on making our economy strong for our children and their children. These forward-leaning policies are essential to ensure continued U.S. economic leadership.

Second, Clinton is right on immigration. To win in the global economy, our country must win the global battle for talent. Immigrants don’t take U.S. jobs; they create them. More than 40 percent of Fortune 500 companies were started by immigrants or their children: Think how many fewer jobs we’d have in the United States if these entrepreneurs and their parents had been kept out by a wall. Trump’s harsh policies will cost us jobs, and his even harsher rhetoric will chase away immigrant families whose children could grow up to be the next Steve Jobs (whose father was a Syrian refugee) or Sergey Brin (an immigrant himself).

Third, while Trump has been largely silent on technology issues facing the new economy, Clinton has put forward an agenda that has won considerable acclaim among technology leaders. She wants to appoint a chief innovation adviser, expand science, technology, engineering and math, or STEM, education and more. And she shares my view that it’s not enough to support a booming Silicon Valley — we need policies that promote the “rise of the rest”: a spread of start-ups to all parts of our country. We need to level the playing field so anybody, anywhere, has a shot at the American dream.

Fourth, I agree with Clinton on the need to control the deficit. Despite his populist rhetoric, Trump wants to give huge tax breaks to people like me, the very folks who have benefited greatly from the innovation economy, while many others have been left behind. In the process he would blow up our deficit and make the economy more unequal. I agree we need to simplify the tax code, but if we are going to give tax relief, let’s make sure it is in incentives for start-ups to grow and create jobs.

I think I get why Trump has been such a potent political force this year. I am well aware that millions of people are angry about their prospects and fearful that the forces of globalization and digitization have left them behind. I also recognize many are frustrated by politics and feel we need an outsider to shake things up. But I don’t think Trump is the answer, for those people or for the country.

I don’t agree with everything Clinton has said and done. I take issue with some aspects of her platform, and I worry about her inclination to all too often view the government as the solution to problems. If she becomes president, I’m sure there will be plenty of times I will disagree with her. But for 2016, I believe Hillary Clinton represents the best choice for the United States — and our best hope to remain the most innovative and entrepreneurial nation in the world.",1
1526,Week of Donald Trump-Hillary Clinton feud a taste of things to come,"Washington (CNN) Donald Trump's attacks against Hillary Clinton are entering a new, more personal phase in an already raucous election season.

The firefight started last week after Trump said Clinton ""got schlonged"" by President Barack Obama in the 2008 primaries -- taking the Yiddish word for penis and making a verb out of it, which shocked even Yiddish scholars

The following day, Clinton unloaded on Trump in an interview with The Des Moines Register , saying that was ""not the first time he's demonstrated a penchant for sexism.""

There was a cease fire of sorts over Christmas but Trump restarted the next day, turning Clinton's words back on her and attempting to pull Bill Clinton into the fight.

""Hillary Clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but HE'S DEMONSTRATED A PENCHANT FOR SEXISM, so inappropriate!"" Trump tweeted Saturday.

Trump was even more explicit about Bill Clinton's past indiscretions during an interview on Tuesday on NBC's ""Today"" in which he said Monica Lewinsky, Paula Jones and ""many"" other women who have accused him of having affairs with them would be ""fair game"" in his continuing fight. The interview marked the first time Trump explicitly named the Clinton accusers.

The war of words comes as Bill Clinton is slated to hit the campaign trail for his wife next weeks after spending months in a mostly behind-the-scenes role. And it offers a preview of the type of race that may be in store later in 2016 if Trump and Hillary Clinton win their party's nominations -- even though the first primary races are still weeks away.

The hits on Bill Clinton's past have long been simmering in the Republican primary. Sen. Rand Paul kept up his attack Monday, saying that Bill Clinton was Hillary's ""women's problem."" But it wasn't until Trump brought them up that they caught fire.

""When [Trump's] insults are directed at women, immigrants, Asian-Americans, Muslims, the disabled, or hard working Americans looking to raise their wages -- Hillary Clinton will stand up to him, as she has from the beginning,"" a campaign spokeswoman said.

She was asked about his attacks Tuesday while campaigning in New Hampshire on Tuesday, but declined to answer reporter questions from the ropeline.

It's a long way from the phone call between Bill Clinton and Trump just seven months ago, where Trump alleged that Clinton urged him to run for president -- Clinton denied that he asked Trump to run -- and even further from the chummy appearance of Bill and Hillary Clinton in photos with The Donald at his third wedding, in 2005.

To get an idea of just how far the relationship between Trump and the top members of the Clinton family have fallen, rewind to October 2008, when, in one sentence Trump argued then-President George W. Bush should be impeached for marching the nation to war and Clinton's impeachment over the Lewinsky affair wasn't merited.

""Look at the trouble Bill Clinton got into with something that was totally unimportant. And they tried to impeach him, which was nonsense. And yet Bush got us into this horrible war with lies, by lying, by saying they had weapons of mass destruction, by saying all sorts of things that turned out not to be true,"" Trump told CNN's Wolf Blitzer in 2008.

""Well if you look at the different situations, of course you could name many of them, I could get you a list and I'll have it sent to your office in two seconds. But there certainly were a lot of abuse of women, you look at whether it's Monica Lewinsky or Paula Jones, or any of them, and that certainly will be fair game,"" Trump said on NBC. ""Certainly, if they play the woman's card with respect to me, that will be fair game.""

On Tuesday evening Clinton passed up a chance to comment on Trump. Speaking to a group of about 200 people in Berlin, New Hampshire, she only made an oblique reference to the GOP front-runner's famous catchphrase. ""I happen to think that America is great and if we work together, we will be greater,"" Clinton said.",1
5151,Trump calls for charges against Clinton after FBI interview in email investigation,"Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump called for charges to be filed against Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton Saturday after the former secretary of state met with the FBI regarding the agency’s investigation into her use of a private email server for official correspondence.

""It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton,"" Trump tweeted Saturday afternoon. ""What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!""

The Clinton campaign said the voluntary meeting lasted about three-and-a-half hours and took place at FBI headquarters in Washington.

Clinton “is pleased to have had the opportunity to assist the Department of Justice in bringing this review to a conclusion” campaign spokesman Nick Merrill said in a statement. He also said Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, would have no further comment about the interview.

The campaign issued the statement Saturday shortly before 12:30 p.m. ET, practically minutes after Clinton returned to her Washington home, then departed again about 30 minutes later.

“Hillary Clinton has just taken the unprecedented step of becoming the first major party presidential candidate to be interviewed by the FBI as part of a criminal investigation surrounding her reckless conduct,” said Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus. ""We must ask ourselves if this is the kind of leadership we want in the White House.”

There was no immediate comment from the FBI or Justice Department Saturday.

Clinton’s use of a private server and email address -- and whether classified information was mishandled as a result of that setup -- has cast a shadow over her campaign from the start.

The FBI investigation is purportedly coming to a close, and the Clinton interview is considered among the final steps in the case.

Trump has seized on the email issue and repeatedly said the probe undermines Clinton's fitness for office. Trump has called his opponent ""Crooked Hillary"" and said she cannot be trusted in the White House.

The former first lady and New York senator has argued that she is more trustworthy than Trump on handling the issues that matter to most Americans: foreign policy, national security and running the economy.

But the email investigation has lingered throughout her campaign, and Trump has asserted that Clinton will receive leniency from a Democratic administration.

Earlier this week, the entire, ongoing email scandal grew when Clinton’s husband, former President Bill Clinton, initiated an impromptu meeting with Attorney General Loretta Lynch on her airplane in Phoenix.

""The American people need to have confidence that the Obama Justice Department is conducting a fair and impartial investigation, but when the attorney general meets secretly with Bill Clinton just days before Hillary’s interrogation is conducted discreetly over a holiday weekend, it raises serious concerns about specialtreatment,” Priebus also said.

There was already speculation about whether an agency under the Obama administration could conduct an unbiased probe, which only intensified after Clinton met with Lynch, a President Obama appointee who decides whether to bring charges in the case.

Lynch says she will accept whatever recommendations she receives from the agency's career prosecutors and lawyers.

Clinton has said relying on a private server was a mistake but that other secretaries of state had also used a personal email address. The matter was referred for investigation last July by the inspectors general for the State Department and intelligence community following the discovery of emails that they said contained classified information.

The State Department's inspector general, the agency's internal watchdog, said in a blistering audit in May that Clinton and her team ignored clear warnings from State Department officials that her email setup violated federal standards and could leave sensitive material vulnerable to hackers. Clinton declined to talk to the inspector general, but the audit reported that Clinton feared ""the personal being accessible"" if she used a government email account.

Agents have already interviewed top Clinton aides including her former State Department chief of staff Cheryl Mills and Huma Abedin, a longtime aide who is currently the vice chairwoman of Clinton's campaign.

The staffer who set up the server, Bryan Pagliano, was granted limited immunity from prosecution by the Justice Department last fall in exchange for his cooperation. The FBI as a matter of course seeks to interview individuals central to an investigation before concluding its work.

The emails were routed through a server located in the basement of Clinton's New York home during her tenure as the nation's top diplomat from 2009 to 2013.

Dozens of the emails sent or received by Clinton through her private server were later determined to contain classified material.

Clinton has repeatedly said that none of the emails were marked classified at the time they were sent or received. As part of the probe, she has turned over the hard drive from her email server to the FBI.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

",1
4203,"Cruz takes all 14 delegates at Wyoming GOP convention, NY primary next","Ted Cruz on Saturday won all 14 delegates in the Wyoming GOP convention -- a relatively small number but enough for the Texas senator to declare victory and keep GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump from securing the nomination.

“We are likely to have a battle in Cleveland to decide who is the nominee,” Cruz told party members before they picked the delegates. “If you don’t want to see Donald Trump as the nominee, … then I ask you to please vote for the men and women on this slate.”

The Wyoming process mirrored that of Colorado, which was engulfed by political controversy after hosting a similar convention last week.

Cruz’s campaign ran circles around the Trump operation there, prompting Trump to slam the multi-tiered caucus system as “rigged.”

Cruz was expected to do well in Wyoming because his campaign had been lining up support there for months, too.

“The ground game is starting early and starting at your most local, smallest enclave,” said Ed Buchanan, Cruz’s Wyoming chairman.

After being tapped by Cruz in February, Buchanan started drafting activists across the state. His efforts were bolstered by two days of Cruz campaign stops in Wyoming last August.

Trump did not actively campaign in either state, while Cruz put in face-time in both.

“You are going to hear this from me more and more: We have to bring our country together. We are a divided nation,” Trump said at a rally in upstate New York, ahead of the state’s primary Tuesday in which 95 GOP delegates are up for grabs.

Before Saturday, Trump had 742 delegates, followed by Cruz with 529 and Ohio Gov. John Kasich with 143. The winner needs 1,237 delegates to win the nomination. (Kasich is running second in the New York primary, according to polls.)

Senior Trump adviser Alan Cobb said about Colorado and Wyoming: ""Candidates that have allies that are party insiders have advantages in states that have a pyramid process of selecting their delegates. These folks have worked this process for years.""

Mindful of potential accusations, Wyoming GOP leaders are ready. Their message: The rules were set long before anyone announced their candidacy.

“Every presidential candidate for the last 40 years has managed this process and has worked through this process and has followed the process that we have in Wyoming,” state GOP Chairman Matt Micheli said in an interview with Fox News. “We are simply following the rules that are in place and that have been in place for a long time.”

Fox News' Dan Gallo, Mike Emanuel and John Roberts contributed to this report.",1
2300,Think Indiana is bad? It's legal to deny service to gay and lesbian people in 29 states.,"As the national furor continues over a controversial religious freedom law in Indiana that critics say could allow businesses to discriminate against LGBT customers, one troubling fact is being left out of the debate: in 29 states, it's already legal for a store owner to deny service to a gay person based on his sexual orientation.

While legal experts doubt Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA) could be used to justify discrimination when it takes effect on July 1, most states, including Indiana, have long allowed it to happen because they don't have civil rights laws that would prohibit discrimination against LGBT people in the workplace, housing, and public accommodations (hotels, restaurants, and other places that serve the general public). It's not the religious freedom laws that allow discrimination; it's the lack of civil rights laws.

As a result, in many states an employer can legally fire someone because he's gay, a landlord can legally evict someone because she's lesbian, and a hotel manager can legally deny service to someone who's transgender — without citing religious grounds.

It's not the religious freedom laws that allow discrimination; it's the lack of civil rights laws

Indiana in particular has no statewide nondiscrimination law for LGBT people, although about a dozen cities, including Indianapolis, have local measures.

""That's what's missing in the Indiana debate,"" Robin Wilson, a law professor at the University of Illinois, said. ""If there's a 'license to discriminate,' it's the fact that the state hasn't said this is an unacceptable basis for saying no to people.""

But it's not just Indiana. Depending on how you add it up, as many as 33 states don't have full protections for all LGBT people, because a few states with nondiscrimination protections don't protect trans people, and some don't ban all anti-LGBT discrimination in public accommodations.

Currently, 19 states ban discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity, while three additional states ban discrimination based on sexual orientation. Some other states protect public but not private employees from discrimination. Many municipalities have nondiscrimination laws that only apply within their local borders. And some companies prohibit discrimination in their own policies.

The protections sometimes vary from state to state. Massachusetts's protections for gender identity and Utah's protections for sexual orientation and gender identity don't apply to public accommodations. Some states, like Utah, also include exemptions for discrimination based on religious grounds.

LGBT advocates argue the Civil Rights Act of 1964 already protects LGBT workers from discrimination, but that interpretation of the federal law hasn't been proven in court.",1
