id,title,text,label
15531,Britain says Johnson comments do not justify more Iran charges against jailed aid worker,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain said on Monday that comments by Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson about jailed Iranian-British aid worker Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe should not be used by the Islamic Republic to bring additional charges against her. Johnson told the British parliament s foreign affairs committee last Wednesday that Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been teaching people journalism, a statement that the Thomson Reuters Foundation, a charity organization for which she works, said was incorrect.  Last week s remarks by the Foreign Secretary provide no justifiable basis on which to bring any additional charges against Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe,  a spokesman for the British Foreign Office said.  While criticizing the Iranian case against Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe, the Foreign Secretary sought to explain that even the most extreme set of unproven Iranian allegations against her were insufficient reason for her detention and treatment.  Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a project manager, is serving a five-year jail sentence after being convicted of plotting to overthrow Iran s clerical establishment. She was brought again into court on Saturday, three days after Johnson s remarks, and accused by a judge of  spreading propaganda against the regime .  She is not a journalist and has never trained journalists at the Thomson Reuters Foundation where she is project manager in my Media Development team,  Monique Villa, Thomson Reuters Foundation chief executive, said in a statement.  I see a direct correlation between this statement by Boris Johnson, who rightly condemned the treatment that Nazanin has received in Iran, and the fact that Nazanin was brought once again into Court on Saturday 4 November.  The charges against Nazanin were denied by her family and the Foundation, a charity organization that is independent of Thomson Reuters and operates independently of Reuters News. Tulip Siddiq, a lawmaker for the opposition Labour Party, said Johnson had failed to retract his comments, which she said had undermined efforts to secure Zaghari-Ratcliffe s release.  By suggesting Nazanin was in Iran  teaching people journalism , Boris Johnson has endangered the cause to secure her release,  Siddiq, who is the lawmaker for the area where Zaghari-Ratcliffe lived in London, said in an emailed statement.  The Foreign Secretary s failure to retract his comments to the Foreign Affairs Select Committee is unforgivable,  Siddiq said.  His comments were both untrue and unhelpful to her case.  The Iranian Embassy in London could not be reached for comment. ",1
15532,"Saudi-led forces close air, sea and land access to Yemen","DUBAI (Reuters) - The Saudi-led military coalition fighting against the Houthi movement in Yemen said on Monday it would close all air, land and sea ports to the Arabian Peninsula country to stem the flow of arms to the Houthis from Iran. The move, which follows the interception of a missile fired toward the Saudi capital Riyadh on Saturday, is likely to worsen a humanitarian crisis in Yemen that according to the United Nations has pushed some seven million people to the brink of famine and left nearly 900,000 infected with cholera.  The Coalition Forces Command decided to temporarily close all Yemeni air, sea and land ports,  the coalition said in a statement on the Saudi state news agency SPA. It said aid workers and humanitarian supplies would continue to be able to access and exit Yemen. The United Nations, however, said it was not given approval for two scheduled humanitarian flights on Monday and was seeking clarification on the coalition s announcement.   The state news agency Saba, run by the Houthis, quoted a source in the navy warning against the closure of ports and said it would have,  catastrophic consequences . The United Nations and international aid organizations have repeatedly criticized the coalition for blocking aid access, especially to north Yemen, which is held by the Iran-aligned Houthi movement battling the Saudi-led coalition. Saudi Arabia and its Gulf Arab allies have made clear they view Iran as mainly responsible for the Yemen conflict, in which more than 10,000 people have been killed in the past two years. Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said on his Twitter account on Monday that Riyadh reserved the right to respond to what he called Iran s  hostile actions . Bahraini Foreign Minister Sheikh Khaled bin Ahmed al-Khalifa also tweeted that Iran was the real danger to the region. Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said Saudi Arabia was blaming Tehran for the consequences of its own  wars of aggression .  On Sunday the coalition accused the Houthis of  dangerous escalation (that) came because of Iranian support  after Saudi air defences intercepted the ballistic missile heading toward Riyadh. It was brought down near Riyadh airport without causing casualties. Iran rejected the criticism as  destructive and provocative . Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qassemi  referred to the war crimes and aggression of the Saudis during the past years and said the reaction by Yemenis is an independent reaction ... and not a move caused by another country s action or incitement , a ministry statement said. U.S. President Donald Trump has also blamed Iran for Saturday s missile attack, but the head of Iran s Revolutionary Guards rejected that view as  slander . The Houthis are fighters drawn mainly from the Zaydi Shi ite minority which ruled a 1,000-year kingdom in northern Yemen until 1962. The Saudi-led coalition has been targeting the Houthis since they seized parts of Yemen in 2015, including the capital Sanaa, forcing President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to flee and seek help from neighboring Saudi Arabia. On Sunday a suicide car bomber blew himself up at a security checkpoint in the southern port city of Aden, killing 15 people and wounding at least 20, residents and a security officials said. Aden is the interim headquarters of Yemen s internationally recognized government. ",1
15533,U.S. praises Saudi Arabia for exposing Iran's role in Yemen,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Monday praised Saudi Arabia for  exposing  Iran s role in Yemen and Tehran s provision of missile systems to Houthi militia fighting there, following the interception of a missile fired toward the Saudi capital Riyadh on Saturday.  We continue to maintain strong defense ties with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and work together on common security priorities to include combat operations against violent extremist organizations, and neutralizing Iran s destabilizing influence in the Middle East region,  said Pentagon spokesman Marine Major Adrian Rankine-Galloway. ",1
15534,Trump says Japan would shoot North Korean missiles 'out of sky' if it bought U.S. weaponry,"TOKYO (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday that Japan would shoot North Korean missiles  out of the sky  if it bought the U.S. weaponry needed for doing so, suggesting Tokyo take a stance it has avoided until now. North Korea is pursuing nuclear weapons and missile programs in defiance of U.N. Security Council sanctions and has made no secret of its plans to develop a missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. It has fired two missiles over Japan. Trump, speaking after a summit with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, repeated his mantra the  era of strategic patience  with North Korea was over, and said the two countries were working to counter the  dangerous aggressions . Trump also pressed Japan to lower its trade deficit with the United States and buy more U.S. military hardware.  He (Abe) will shoot them out of the sky when he completes the purchase of lots of additional military equipment from the United States,  Trump said, referring to the North Korean missiles.  The prime minister is going to be purchasing massive amounts of military equipment, as he should. And we make the best military equipment by far.  Abe, for his part, said Tokyo would shoot down missiles  if necessary . Trump was replying to a question that was posed to Abe - namely how he would respond to a quote from Trump from a recent interview in which he said Japan was a  samurai  nation and should have shot down the North Korean missiles. Japan s policy is that it would only shoot down a missile if it were falling on Japanese territory or if it were judged to pose an  existential threat  to Japan because it was aimed at a U.S. target. The U.S. president is on the second day of a 12-day Asian trip that is focusing on North Korea s nuclear missile programs and trade.  Most importantly, we re working to counter the dangerous aggressions of the regime in North Korea,  Trump said, calling  Pyongyang s nuclear tests and recent launches of ballistic missiles over Japan  a threat to the civilized world and to international peace and stability .  Some people said that my rhetoric is very strong. But look what s happened with very weak rhetoric over the last 25 years. Look where we are right now,  he added. North Korea s recent actions have raised the stakes in the most critical international challenge of Trump s presidency. The U.S. leader, who will visit South Korea on the trip, has rattled some allies with his vow to  totally destroy  North Korea if it threatens the United States and with his dismissal of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un as a  rocket man  on a suicide mission. Abe, with whom Trump has bonded through multiple summits and phone calls, repeated at the same news conference that Japan backed Trump s stance that  all options  are on the table,  saying it was time to exert maximum pressure on North Korea and the two countries were  100 percent  together on the issue. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hua Chunying, in  response to Abe s comments, said that the North Korean  situation  was  already extremely complex, sensitive and weak .  We hope that under the present circumstances, all sides  words and actions can help reduce tensions and reestablish mutual trust and getting the North Korean nuclear issue back on the correct track of dialogue and negotiations,  she said. Trump said he was committed to achieving  free, fair, and reciprocal  trade and wants to work with Japan on this issue.  America is also committed to improving our economic relationship with Japan,  Trump said.  As president, I m committed to achieving fair, free, and reciprocal trading relationship. We seek equal and reliable access for American exports to Japan s markets in order to eliminate our chronic trade imbalances and deficits with Japan.  Earlier, speaking to Japanese and U.S. business executives, Trump praised Japan for buying U.S. military hardware. But he added that  many millions of cars are sold by Japan into the United States, whereas virtually no cars go from the United States into Japan . Japan had a $69 billion trade surplus with the United States last year, according to the U.S. Treasury Department. The United States was Japan s second biggest trade partner after China, while Japan was the United States  fourth largest goods export market in 2016. Japanese officials have countered U.S. trade complaints by noting Tokyo accounts for a much smaller slice of the U.S. deficit than in the past, while China s imbalance is bigger. In a second round of economic talks in Washington last month, U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso, who doubles as deputy premier, failed to bridge differences on trade issues. The two sides are at odds over how to frame future trade talks, with Tokyo pushing back against U.S. calls to discuss a bilateral free trade agreement. Trump also said earlier that an Indo-Pacific trade framework would produce more in trade that the Trans-Pacific Partnership pact pushed by his predecessor but which he announced Washington would abandon soon after he took office. The 11 remaining nations in the TPP, to which Japan s Abe is firmly committed, are edging closer to sealing a comprehensive free trade pact without the United States. Trump met Emperor Akihito, exchanging a handshake and nodding, before his lunch and talks with Abe. He also met relatives of Japanese citizens abducted by North Korean agents decades ago to help train spies, calling the kidnappings a  tremendous disgrace  and pledging to work with Abe to bring the victims  back to Japan where they want to be .  I think it would be a tremendous signal if Kim Jong Un would send them back,  Trump said.  If he would send them back, that would be the start of something, something very special.    Abe has made resolving the emotive abductions issue a keystone of his career. The families hope their talks with Trump - the third U.S. president they have met - will somehow contribute to a breakthrough, although experts say progress is unlikely. Abe also expressed his condolences for the victims of a gunman who massacred at least 26 worshippers at a church in Texas. White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said Trump had no plans to change the schedule for his 12-day Asian trip, which will also take him to Seoul, Beijing and Danang, Vietnam. Trump's visit to Asia: tmsnrt.rs/2znSb0v ",1
15535,March in Poland mourns man who set himself on fire in anti-government protest,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Several hundred people walked in silence on Monday night in Warsaw in memory of a 54-year-old man who died late last month after setting himself on fire in protest against the ruling conservatives  policies. Piotr Szczesny, a married father of two from the small town of Niepolomice in Poland s south, died on Oct. 29, after setting himself on fire on Oct. 19 in front of the Palace of Culture, a Warsaw landmark. The Polish government, led by the right-wing Law and Justice party (PiS) which came to power two years ago, has been criticized by the European Commission for policies Brussels says jeopardize the freedom of the media and independence of courts.  I love freedom above all,  Szczesny, wrote in a leaflet, copies of which he scattered around himself.  That s why I decided to commit the act of self-immolation and I hope that my death will shake the conscience of many people....  One of the protesters on Monday, Jacek Rabinski, a 38-year-old training to be a paramedic, said that he mourned Szczesny s life and was full of respect for his decision.  We are here because we are worried about the situation in our country, the political situation,  Rabinski said.  Many people live in the conviction that politics doesn t concern them. Politics is us, we ordinary people create politics.  ",1
15536,Liberian court halts presidential run-off vote amid fraud probe,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - Liberia s Supreme Court on Monday put a presidential run-off on hold until the electoral commission can investigate claims of irregularities and alleged fraud in last month s first round of voting.  Former footballer George Weah was initially set to face Vice-President Joseph Boakai on Tuesday to determine who will replace Nobel Peace Prize laureate Ellen Johnson Sirleaf. A successful vote would be Liberia s first democratic transfer of power in over 70 years. But preparations for the second round were halted last week when the Supreme Court announced it was examining a complaint by the Liberty Party of third-placed candidate Charles Brumskine. The Supreme Court s order for a full investigation into the allegations could push back the run-off date by weeks or even result in a re-run of the first round.   The NEC (National Elections Commission) is stopped and prohibited from conducting the run off election until the complaint filed by the petitioners is investigated by the NEC,  the Supreme Court ruling said.      Addressing the Supreme Court last week, Brumskine cited  gross irregularities  in the first round and accused NEC officials of fraud.  The NEC has denied wrongdoing and said the election was largely fair. International observers say they saw no major problems with the vote. But a growing chorus of parties have expressed doubt about the vote, including Boakai s ruling Unity Party, which last week accused Johnson Sirleaf, one of its own members, of trying to influence the vote. She rejected the allegation.   The course we pursue is not about Charles Walker Brumskine. It is not about the Liberty Party. It is greater than all of us. It is about our country,  Brumskine said following the Supreme Court ruling.  Janga Kowo, Secretary General of Weah s CDC party, called upon supporters to remain calm and allow the legal process to run its course. The Unity Party had no immediate comment on Monday s ruling.   Expectations of a poll delay have increased tensions in Liberia, where many are eager for change after 12 years of Johnson Sirleaf s rule. Her tenure cemented peace after a long civil war, but many Liberians say she did little to alleviate widespread poverty despite vast iron ore reserves.  It is now unclear when the run-off will take place.  The NEC has until mid-November to rule on the Liberty Party s complaint. If it is rejected, Brumskine could still take the case back before the Supreme Court with an appeal, potentially pushing the date of the second round into December.  The court also has the option of calling a new first round vote to be held within 60 days.  ",1
15537,Gunmen fire shots at Greece's socialist party headquarters,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Two gunmen fired a round of shots at the headquarters of Greece s socialist Pasok party in central Athens on Monday,  causing no injuries but slightly damaging a nearby clothing store, police said. The shots were fired about an hour before a televised debate among candidates to lead the broader socialist alliance.  There were about 30 people inside the party s headquarters when at least four shots were fired. Two men were seen leaving the scene on a motorbike,  a police official said. A police officer on duty had seen an assailant pointing a gun at him but managed to take cover, the official said, suggesting the gunmen were not targeting the party but the police outside. Pasok has often been the target of violent attacks in the past and its current leader Fofi Gennimata blamed the government for not taking action to prevent this.  We have repeatedly been the target of attacks,  Gennimata told Skai TV.  We have repeatedly warned the citizens protection minister in the past.  In January attackers shot at riot police guarding the Pasok offices, slightly wounding one officer. The leftist-led government condemned the attack. ",1
15538,Gorbachev sees Russian democracy far off: biographer Taubman,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, celebrated in the West for championing democracy and helping end the Cold War, sees little chance Russia will turn from czarist-reminiscent, strongman government anytime in coming decades, the U.S. author of a new biography said on Monday. Pulitzer Prize-winning William Taubman interviewed Gorbachev, now 86, eight times for his  Gorbachev: His Life and Times  and said in the Reuters Global Markets Forum online chat room that Gorbachev was widely disliked in Russia. Here are edited excerpts: Question: How do Russians now see Gorbachev, who was popular in the 1980s? Answer: He is widely despised in Russia. People blame him for the collapse of the USSR, loss of its empire, the economic crash that accompanied the collapse, and also for seeming to be (to them, at any rate) a weak, indecisive leader. Q: Why does Russian President Vladimir Putin ignore Gorbachev, even as he memorializes much Russian history? A: Putin has only gained by ignoring or criticizing Gorbachev. In many ways, Putin s program is the opposite of Gorbachev s. It is as if Gorbachev has bequeathed the program, namely, the reverse of his own. As for Russia s dissatisfaction today, it is apparently growing as economic conditions worsen. But Putin has rallied support by annexing the Crimea, by depicting the West as Russia s enemy, by invoking the old czarist Trinity of principles: autocracy, nationality, and Orthodox religion. Q: Does Gorbachev have much hope of seeing a more democratic government? A: Gorbachev himself says it might take decades to democratize Russia,  even the whole 21st century.  This from a man who had hoped to see democracy come to the USSR in a few short years. Q: Is Gorbachev content in his late life? A: He insists he is. But I can t imagine he really is. His innate optimism may sustain him. But in addition to all the political attacks on him that continue, he now lives largely alone (except for bodyguards, chefs and chauffeurs) in a big house in the suburbs. ((This interview was conducted in the Reuters Global Markets Forum, a chat room hosted on the Eikon platform.)) ",1
15539,Saudi Arabia says Lebanon has declared war on it,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia said on Monday that Lebanon had declared war against it because of attacks against the Kingdom by the Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah. Saudi Gulf affairs minister Thamer al-Sabhan told Al-Arabiya TV that Saad al-Hariri, who announced his resignation as Lebanon s prime minister on Saturday, had been told that acts of  aggression  by Hezbollah  were considered acts of a declaration of war against Saudi Arabia by Lebanon and by the Lebanese Party of the Devil .  ",1
15540,Four Russian reporters injured in Syria's Deir al-Zor: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Four Russian reporters were injured by an explosion in Syria s Deir al-Zor area, RIA news agency reported on Monday, citing Russian defense ministry. RIA said that two of the men injured worked for the NTV TV station and another two for the Zvezda TV station. All four are alive, RIA said.  ",1
15541,"U.S., Turkey restart issuing visas but tensions over detentions fester","ANKARA (Reuters) - The United States partially resumed issuing visas in Turkey on Monday after getting what it said were assurances about the safety of staff at its missions following a number of detentions. The Turkish embassy in Washington said almost immediately it would match the move, although it denied there had been any assurances. It called the U.S. move a positive development, noting it was announced on the eve of a visit to the United States by Turkey s Prime Minister Binali Yildirim. The U.S. embassy said that despite its move it remained deeply concerned over the detention of two of its locally employed staff at diplomatic missions in Turkey, and the fate of U.S. citizens arrested under a state of emergency in force since a failed coup last year. The arrest of a veteran employee at the U.S. consulate in Istanbul a month ago led the United States to suspend all non-immigrant visa services while it assessed the security of its staff in Turkey.  Within hours of the U.S. announcement on Oct. 8, Turkey said it was implementing reciprocal measures and President Tayyip Erdogan later angrily accused Washington of sacrificing a longstanding alliance with Ankara.  We have received initial high-level assurances from the government of Turkey that there are no additional local employees of our mission in Turkey under investigation,  the U.S. embassy said in a statement.  We have also received initial assurances from the government of Turkey that our local staff will not be detained or arrested for performing their official duties.  Hours later, however, the Turkish embassy said it had not given the United States any assurances, and that any decision regarding legal procedures on U.S. mission workers would be left to Turkey s judiciary.  The personnel in question employed by the U.S. has been the subject of a judicial process not because of his official duties, but because of very serious charges against him,  it said in a statement. It also said a reference to the security conditions of U.S. missions in Turkey in the U.S. embassy s statement was  considered odd  and did not reflect the truth. News of the partial resumption, reported by Reuters earlier, had helped the lira TRYTOM=D3 strengthen to 3.8356 to the dollar from 3.8708 beforehand. In May, a translator at the U.S. consulate in the southern province of Adana was arrested and, more recently, a U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) worker was detained in Istanbul. Both are accused of links to last year  failed coup. The U.S. embassy has said the accusations are baseless. Turkish officials have said police want to question a third worker based in Istanbul. His wife and daughter were detained over alleged links to the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, blamed by Ankara for orchestrating the abortive putsch. They were later released. Turkey has been angered by what it sees as U.S. reluctance to hand over Gulen, who has lived in Pennsylvania since 1999. U.S. officials have said courts require sufficient evidence to order his extradition. Gulen denies any involvement in the failed coup. Erdogan has also lashed out at the United States after prosecutors there charged a former Turkish economy minister and the ex-head of a state-owned bank with conspiring to violate U.S. sanctions on Iran by illegally moving hundreds of millions of dollars through the U.S. financial system on Tehran s behalf. The charges stem from an ongoing case against Reza Zarrab, a wealthy Turkish-Iranian gold trader who was arrested in the United States over sanctions evasion last year. Zarrab, who is due to go on trial this month, has pleaded not guilty. Erdogan has said U.S. prosecutors have  ulterior motives  in that case, by including references to him and his wife in court papers. In their statement, the Turkish embassy said Turkey had  serious concerns  about legal cases concerning its citizens in the United States, and added that Turkish and U.S. officials would continue to hold meetings to resolve the cases in a  satisfactory  manner. ",1
15542,"Britain's May, party leaders agree to tackle sexual harassment with new measures","LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May and other party leaders agreed on Monday to introduce new safeguards for those working in parliament to try to contain a growing sexual harassment scandal. Britain s parliament is the latest institution to become embroiled in a sex scandal after abuse allegations against Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein prompted thousands of women and men to share stories about improper behavior. Allegations have been made against lawmakers in several parties, but the growing scandal is particularly damaging for May who, weakened after losing her Conservatives  majority in June, cannot afford to lose any more parliamentary seats, especially when she is trying to negotiate a Brexit deal. May told reporters on Monday the agreement with Jeremy Corbyn, head of the main opposition Labour Party, and other leaders to introduce a new grievance procedure and face-to-face human resources support was an  important step forward .  The fact that they have taken place here at our seat of democracy should be a matter of shame for us all,  she said.  We ve taken an important step forward today. It s important we get this right and that is what I intend to do.  Corbyn said the leaders had agreed that any form of harassment or bullying was completely unacceptable  in this workplace or indeed in any other workplace in the country .  We ve agreed we will establish a group of representatives of the parties and of the staff ... in this building and we will work out necessary procedures,  he told Sky News. The scandal has led to one resignation - Michael Fallon quit as defense minister last week, but the number of allegations against lawmakers has increased almost daily. ",1
15543,Merkel wants progress in coalition talks in 10 days,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Immigration and climate policy are the most contentious issues in exploratory negotiations between three parties seeking to form Germany s next government, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Monday, adding that she wants proper talks to start in 10 days. Despite weeks of exploratory discussion, Merkel s conservatives, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens remain far apart on climate, immigration and energy policy, and they disagree on where the blame lies for the lack of progress.  For me it is clear that on the subject of finances the question is how we can use the room for maneuver (in the budget) so that everybody can have their priorities implemented while at the same time ensure that we have a balanced budget,  Merkel said in a video message on Facebook.  On the subject of climate protection, challenging goals for 2020 that we undertook as federal government under my leadership are not so simple to meet,  she added, shortly before a meeting with other party leaders to try to nudge the talks forward.  The theme that is especially important for us is the issue of immigration and integration,  she said.  These will be difficult issues.  Party leaders are hoping for a sharper focus on policy detail to reinvigorate negotiations that have barely inched forward since a national election in September. Merkel said she wanted the exploratory talks to end on Nov. 16 after which the parties can launch proper negotiations that can conclude with a coalition agreement. The FDP and Greens blame each other for the lack of real progress.  By dragging their foot on climate protection, the FDP are playing into the hands of climate change deniers like (U.S. President Donald) Trump,  Greens party chair Simone Peter told a news conference.  The lack of seriousness has to stop.  But Greens co-leader Cem Oezdemir signaled in an interview with the Stuttgarter Zeitung that the ecologist party would be ready to relent on its insistence that the next government commit to removing all combustion engines from roads by 2030.  It s clear to me that we alone would not be able to insist that 2030 will be the year when combustion engines are no longer,  he said. The Greens wanted instead a  clear commitment  that the cars of the future are emissions-free, he added. FDP leader Christian Lindner said the hard work of finding common ground was only now beginning.  There haven t been attempts to build bridges in the past two weeks because that wasn t the purpose,  he said.  We look forward in this phase to moving from outlines to the facts and goals that need to be harmonized - or not, as the case may be.  Senior Greens complain that talks have been hamstrung by the FDP s lack of preparedness. After a four-year absence from the federal parliament, the FDP lacks the policy expertise needed to negotiate the compromises that are needed, Green officials say. But Lindner said he opposed the Greens  desire to  make an example of industrial Germany  by forcing it to meet expensive and constraining climate protection targets, and he suggested Germany could have a greater impact on the climate by helping other countries to improve their emissions record. For Merkel, the awkward three-way negotiations, forced on her after her conservative bloc shed votes in the election, represents her best chance of securing a fourth term in office, with many believing failure would oblige her to stand aside. With her former coalition partners, the Social Democrats (SPD), determined to go into opposition after a disastrous election, Germany could face a lengthy period of drift at a time when many in Europe look to Berlin for leadership on issues ranging from euro zone governance to trans-Atlantic ties. (This story corrects date in paragraph 7 to Nov. 16, not Nov. 14) ",1
15544,Turkey is 'deeply concerned' about cases of its citizen in the U.S.: Turkish embassy,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey is  deeply concerned  about legal cases concerning Turkish citizens in the United States, its embassy in Washington said on Monday, adding the decision to partially resume issuing visas at U.S. and Turkish missions was a positive development. In a statement, the Turkish embassy said Turkish officials would continue to hold meetings with their U.S. counterparts in order to solve the cases in a  satisfying  manner. The statement also said Turkey had not offered the United States any assurances regarding the cases of U.S. mission workers in Turkey. It said the U.S. mission workers detained or arrested in Turkey were not held for their work, but because they were accused of  serious crimes . ",1
15545,French raid last month killed hostage Malian soldiers,"BAMAKO (Reuters) - A French military strike on armed militants in northern Mali last month inadvertently killed Malian soldiers who were being held hostage by the Islamist group, the West African nation s Defence Ministry said on Monday. The French army has previously said that 15 members of the Islamist militant group Ansar Dine were taken  out of action  in the Oct. 23 operation in the Abeibara region, which involved Mirage jets, attack helicopters and ground forces. In the week following the raid however, Malian media reported that 11 soldiers had also been killed. French and Malian military and government officials initially declined to comment on the deaths. In a statement dated Oct. 31 but only distributed on Monday, the Defence Ministry said that  Malian soldiers, detained by the terrorists, died  in the attack without giving a death toll. It was not immediately clear why the distribution of the statement, which was drafted following a meeting between the defense minister, France s ambassador to Mali and a French military official, appeared to have been delayed. Paris has maintained that military intelligence had identified the site as a militant camp and French army spokesman Colonel Patrik Steiger declined to comment on the Malian statement.  Work is under way with the Malian authorities to determine the identities of individuals killed. It s up to Mali, a sovereign country, to communicate on this subject, not the French forces,  he said.  France intervened in 2013 against Islamist militants that seized northern Mali a year earlier. Around 4,000 of its troops remain in West Africa s Sahel region as part of Operation Barkhane, a cross-border anti-terrorism operation.  ",1
15546,Colombian president says he left firm listed in leaked tax haven papers,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, in response to his name appearing in a trove of leaked documents about offshore investments, said he left a company registered in tax haven Barbados before taking a ministerial post with a previous government. The so-called Paradise Papers published on Sunday showed the investments of wealthy people and institutions ranging from United States Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross to Britain s Queen Elizabeth. Reuters has not independently verified the documents. Santos was listed in the leaked documents as a board member of insurance company Nova Holding in April and May 2000 and also Global Tuition, an insurance firm focused on education, from April 1999 to May 2001. Santos said in a statement on Sunday that he left Global Tuition before taking up his duties as Finance Minister in the government of then-President Andres Pastrana in August 2000. He said he was not a partner, did not invest any money and was not paid for serving on the board.  I imagine they delayed in officially registering the changes,  Santos said in answers given to El Espectador newspaper and released by his office.  I participated until before I became Finance Minister.  Santos said that after 2000 he was a Global Tuition client  for some of their insurance for the education of my three children.   Global Tuition s office was closed in Colombia for a public holiday on Monday and could not be reached for comment. The company s office in the United States said any comment would come from the Colombia office. The president s statement did not mention the other company,  Nova Holding. Nova Holding could not immediately be reached for comment. The documents were obtained by Germany s Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper and shared with the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ) and some media outlets, including El Espectador and Connectas website in Colombia. The names of three former Colombian defense ministers and two former ambassadors to the United States also appear in the leaked papers. ",1
15547,Egyptian rights lawyer says he'll run for president in 2018,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian human rights lawyer and opposition leader Khaled Ali said on Monday he would challenge President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi in the 2018 presidential election, provided he is not barred from the contest. Ali is the first person to announce he is running against Sisi, a former military commander who led the ouster of former President Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood over four years ago. Ali told a news conference he would have a socialist platform, aiming to end austerity and redistribute wealth, and fight terrorism without compromising freedom. He criticized Sisi s administration, accusing it of suppressing freedoms and causing deteriorating economic and security conditions.  In spite of all the darkness, there is still hope. I call on all segments of society to unite in collective struggle to reclaim this hope and to rescue this nation,  he said.   It is because of this that I have decided today to launch a presidential campaign.  Sisi himself has yet to declare if he will run but is widely expected to do so. He won 97 percent of the vote in 2014. Many in Egypt see him as vital to stability in a country where unrest since 2011 has battered the economy. Under Sisi s presidency, thousands of dissidents have been jailed. The government has shut down independent media and heavily restricted the conducting of opinion polls. Ali said earlier on Monday security forces had raided a printing press and seized materials for his campaign, after media reports that he was expected to announce his candidacy. Security forces accused the owner of the press of printing  documents that harm national security , Ali told Reuters.    State news agency MENA said a  high ranking security source  denied police had raided a printing press. If it appeared elections were being rigged, Ali said, he would call for a boycott by opposition candidates, forcing Sisi to be the sole contender. Egypt s presidency could not be reached for comment on Ali s plan to run. State-owned newspaper al-Gomhuriya ran an article on Monday with the headline  Khaled Ali and the ploys of dwarves , attacking him as an attention-seeker. It said Ali had ties to the Muslim Brotherhood and received illegal foreign funding. It did not provide evidence for its claims, which Ali denies. A Cairo court sentenced Ali in September to three months in jail for public indecency, over an allegedly rude hand gesture.  Ali has appealed, denying the charges which he says are politically motivated. If the guilty verdict is upheld he will not be allowed to run, even if he is not jailed. The 45-year-old gained prominence in January when he won a case that nullified a government transfer of two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia, a deal that had prompted mass protests. It was after winning that case that Ali is alleged to have made the gesture. Egypt s reclaiming of the islands would be a cornerstone of his campaign, he said. He told Reuters in an interview in June the case had swayed the opinion of many former Sisi supporters who oppose ceding sovereign territory. Ali ran for president in 2012 and came seventh. He was the youngest candidate at 40, the minimum age required to run.  He now leads the leftwing Bread and Freedom Party, at least eight of whose members have been arrested since April on charges including  misusing social media to incite against the state  and insulting the president. ",1
15548,Echoes of Cold War as NATO mulls new North Atlantic command,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO needs to establish a new regional base for protecting the North Atlantic against increased Russian naval strength, a  senior alliance general said on Monday, as allies consider the next step in a military build-up reminiscent of the Cold War. General Petr Pavel, head of NATO s military committee, will help put the case to allied defense ministers this week for a new planning and strategy base to be located in a chosen NATO ally and focused on keeping Atlantic shipping lanes safe from enemy submarines. It would be the first such expansion in two decades after NATO sharply cut back its commands in 2011.  If we look at the growing capabilities of countries like Russia and China, with a global reach, it is quite obvious that maritime lines of communication have to be protected,  Pavel, a Czech army general, told Reuters in an interview.  We observe increased Russian naval activity in the Arctic in the northern Atlantic ... We also assess that for any future crisis, the reinforcement of Europe and free lines of communication will be vital for European security,  Pavel said.    If approved, the new North Atlantic Command would survey a vast area and, in the event of any potential conflict with Russia, have the task of making sea lanes safe for U.S reinforcements to Europe. Strong in symbolism, the decision is unlikely to revive a much larger Cold War-era Atlantic Command that was disbanded in 2002, but it would broaden NATO s new deterrent against Russia.   Despite NATO s cooperation with Moscow in the Balkans after a 1997 pact formalized friendly ties, the alliance sees the Kremlin s incursions in Georgia and eastern Ukraine and its seizure of Crimea as unacceptable breaches of international law. Pavel described Russia as a  potential threat , while the West was alarmed by Moscow s war games in September that massed tens of thousands of troops and may have tested electronic warfare tools on Latvia, NATO officials say. Since Russia s 2014 Crimea annexation, NATO has sought to reassure its Baltic allies by sending troops to the Baltics, Poland and the Black Sea, setting up a network of NATO outposts, holding more exercises and preparing a rapid response force, including air, maritime and special operations components. The United States have also returned tanks and troops to Europe after a long drawdown at the end of the Cold War. Russia condemns the moves as an aggressive strategy on its frontiers that threatens to destabilize eastern Europe. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis will join other allied defense ministers on Wednesday and Thursday to decide whether to approve the North Atlantic Command, as well as a logistics command to focus on moving troops more quickly across Europe.  With renewed purpose since Russia s annexation of Crimea, NATO allies are broadly in favor of the two commands. Many are keen to lock in U.S. support given President Donald Trump s early doubts about the alliance he now says he strongly backs. Pavel cautioned that cost is likely to be an issue for NATO governments and said there were no short cuts in deterrence.   I believe we are now out of the realm of doing more with less. We simply have to understand that wherever we want to do more, there will be resource implications,  Pavel said. The alliance is being asked by Trump to do more in Afghanistan, in fighting Islamist militants and to stop migrants from the Middle East and North Africa reaching Europe. Many European NATO nations are still struggling to meet an alliance goal by 2024 to spend two percent of economic output on defense every year.  We can call it modernization, we can call it adaptation. We simply have to adapt to a new reality,  Pavel said.  ",1
15549,Sinn Fein says proposed UK time limit on soldier prosecutions 'unacceptable',"BELFAST (Reuters) - Sinn Fein on Monday dismissed as unacceptable a bill proposed by a British Conservative Party lawmaker to set a 10-year limit on prosecuting soldiers, saying it breached a 2014 deal intended to rescue the province s power-sharing arrangements. If the bill wins the backing of the British government, it could seriously complicate efforts to resolve a political crisis in Northern Ireland, which is facing a return to direct rule from London for the first time in a decade. The bill was sponsored by a member of Sinn Fein s main rival the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), which did a deal this year to support Prime Minister Theresa May s government.  Sinn Fein, the largest Irish nationalist party in Northern Ireland, has repeatedly warned that the deal would undermine power-sharing in Northern Ireland. Conservative Party member of parliament Richard Benyon on Wednesday proposed the bill, which would set a 10 year-statute of limitations  beyond which it would be impossible to bring a case against any individual about whom an allegation was made regarding actions he or she took while serving.  While presenting the bill, sponsored by DUP lawmaker Emma Little Pengelly, Benyon cited the case of a 78-year-old former British soldier facing prosecution for the shooting of an unarmed 27-year-old Catholic in 1974.  Sinn Fein says the commitment to prosecute crimes committed by British soldiers during the three decade conflict in Northern Ireland is a key foundation of the peace process in the British region.  About 3,600 people died before a 1998 peace deal, approximately half of them killed by Sinn Fein s former armed wing, the Irish Republican Army. Under the terms of the 1998 peace agreement, Sinn Fein and the DUP have shared power in Northern Ireland for a decade. The proposed bill is  simply unacceptable,  said Linda Dillon, a Sinn Fein member of the Northern Ireland assembly, who accused British forces of being directly involved in state sponsored killings.  The decision of the DUP to support it is in direct contravention of the (2014) Stormont House Agreement which ruled out any amnesties and instead provided a range of mechanisms to deal with the past,  she said. The bill, whose second reading is not due until June next year, was brought to parliament within hours of the collapse of talks between the DUP and Sinn Fein to re-establish a Northern Ireland devolved executive following its collapse in January.  Failure to reach agreement is expected to force the British government to impose direct rule of Northern Ireland, in effect  cutting Irish nationalist parties out of the governance of the region during a key stage of Britain s negotiations to leave the European Union.  ",1
15550,"Northern Ireland won't stay in EU market, customs after Brexit: UK","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Northern Ireland will not stay in the European Union s single market or the customs union after Brexit, a British government official said, adding that arrangements for the border with Ireland must not eat into the United Kingdom s integrity. Allowing Northern Ireland to retain some access has been floated by the European Parliament s Brexit pointman, Guy Verhofstadt.  We will leave the European Union in 2019 as one United Kingdom,  the British minister for Northern Ireland, James Brokenshire, said on Monday.  We need to ensure that nothing is done that undermines the integrity of the UK single market.   I find it difficult to image how Northern Ireland could somehow remain in while the rest of the country leaves. I find it impossible,  he told a seminar in Brussels. Brokenshire reiterated Prime Minister Theresa May s insistence that the United Kingdom would be exiting both as a result of the 2016 referendum.  London has proposed an  invisible border  without checkpoints or immigration controls between EU member Ireland and Northern Ireland after Brexit. But it has given no firm ideas on customs arrangements and the EU has mostly been critical, seeing these plans as unrealistic. Dublin has said it will not let Brexit negotiations move from the divorce talks to discussions about future trade relations between Britain and the EU - as London is pushing for - without more guarantees on the border. Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney has demanded more guarantees that the Irish issue would be solved even if the future trade talks between Britain and the remaining 27 EU states collapse.  Show us how it could be done in practice, how can you be outside of the single market and customs union and not have border infrastructure at the same time,  one EU diplomat said in Brussels.  It s about where and how you will carry out checks.  With London reluctant to accept controls between Northern Ireland and the rest of the United Kingdom, and both sides declaring determination to avoid a hard border between the two Irish communities, the person said the only remaining option would be to run checks between Ireland and the rest of the EU.  That would complicate Ireland s exports to the EU as everything would be checked as if it were coming from Northern Ireland, but maybe that would still be a less bad option for them than having a border on the island,  the diplomat added. Brokenshire said some agricultural laws in Northern Ireland   which is trying to reach agreement on how to relaunch its regional executive that is ruled at arm s length from London   were already different than elsewhere in the United Kingdom. After meeting the EU s top agriculture official in Brussels, Irish Commissioner Phil Hogan, Brokenshire signaled Belfast could keep some of its laws closer to those of the EU after Brexit to minimize trade disruptions across the future border. He also said London was keen to preserve the common travel area Ireland has with Britain, as well as the single electricity market on the island of Ireland. He hoped for close cooperation with Dublin, including on security matters, after Britain leaves, as is now due to happen in March, 2019. British and EU negotiators will meet in Brussels again this Thursday and Friday for more Brexit talks that have been grinding slowly, unnerving investors and businesses who seek clarity to plan their operations.  Brussels is growing skeptical that there will be enough progress in time for another gathering of all EU leaders in mid-December on the three main issues the bloc wants to settle before opening trade talks. The question of the Irish border is one. The most politically contentious one is agreeing Britain s divorce bill.  Most progress has been achieved in the third - setting mutual safeguards for Britons living in the EU after Brexit and EU citizens residing in the first country to ever decide to leave the bloc - but that is not yet settled either. ",1
15551,"Five migrants die when boat sinks, Libyan coast guard and German NGO blame each other","TRIPOLI (Reuters) - At least five African migrants died and more were missing off western Libya on Monday after a boat carrying about 140 people capsized and then some migrants refused rescue by the Libyan coast guard and tried instead to swim to a German rescue vessel. The migrants  rubber boat overturned some 30 miles off the Libyan coast, said Libyan officials and rescue workers in Tripoli to where the coast guard brought some 45 survivors. A video obtained by Reuters showed how, during the rescue operation, some migrants tried jumping off the Libyan patrol boat which had rescued them to reach a ship of Seawatch, a German non-governmental organization, a few meters away. Some screamed to be allowed to leave the Libyan boat as the German vessel came closer. The Libyans tried to discourage the migrants from trying to reach the German boat, Seawatch said. The incident sparked mutual recrimination by Seawatch and the Libyan coast guard. At least five migrants had died, including a toddler, due to the  violent and reckless behavior of (the) Libyan coast guards,  Seawatch said on its Twitter feed, adding that 58 had been rescued.  The so-called Libyan Coastguard forced as many as they could into their vessel to take them back to Tripoli,  the German group added. The Libyan coast guard said an unknown number of people had died after their inflatable boat had sunk and Abu Ajala Amer Abdelbari, a coast guard commander, said the German NGO had undermined its rescue operations by approaching its boat.  The Seawatch was approaching while we were rescuing migrants,  he said.  This was encouraging the migrants to swim to the Seawatch and a (nearby) French navy ship.  The survivors brought to Tripoli were from West African countries including Nigeria and Senegal.  I wanted to reach Italy. I don t know what to do now,  said Dora Onoruyi, a 23-year old arts student from the southern Nigerian city of Benin known as hub for human traffickers to smuggle women to Italy where they often end up as prostitutes.  I see no future in Nigeria, there are no jobs,  she said, standing next to a group of weeping Nigerian survivors. Libya is the main departure point for migrants trying to travel by boat to Europe. But numbers crossing to Italy have fallen sharply since July due to a drop in people smuggling and increased activity by Libya s European-backed coastguard. ",1
15552,Pakistani diplomat shot in Afghanistan,"JALALABAD, Afghanistan (Reuters) - A Pakistani diplomatic official was shot by unknown gunmen near his residence in the city of Jalalabad in eastern Afghanistan on Monday, officials said. Pakistan Foreign ministry spokesman Mohammad Faisal issued a statement saying the Afghan charge d affaires in Islamabad had been summoned to protest the incident which consular officials said occurred in front of a staff guesthouse. He condemned the killing and demanded increased security for Pakistani diplomatic staff from Afghan authorities. Relations between Afghanistan and Pakistan have been going through a stormy period with tensions over the latest U.S. strategic plan for the region and disputes over the Torkham border crossing, which Pakistan has closed periodically. Afghanistan s ambassador to Pakistan, Omar Zakhilwal condemned the killing in a message on Twitter and said he had conveyed his government s sympathies to the ministry of foreign affairs in Islamabad. The incident comes around a week after the deputy governor of Kunar province in eastern Afghanistan was kidnapped near the Pakistani city of Peshawar although there was no immediate indication of any connection between the two incidents. ",1
15553,Too early to talk about Lebanon's government resigning: parliament speaker,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s parliamentary speaker said on Monday it was too early to talk about the country s government having resigned or the formation of a new government after Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri said at the weekend he would stand down. President Michel Aoun said on Sunday he will not decide whether to accept or reject the prime minister s resignation until Hariri returns to Lebanon from Saudi Arabia, from where he made the announcement.   Speaker Nabih Berri said in a televised statement he agreed with Aoun s statement. ",1
15554,London life laid bare in rubbish along the Thames,"LONDON (Reuters) - Bones, a moldy hot water bottle, a pair of rusty pliers and a pristine pair of women s pants are among the eclectic cast-offs Reuters photographer Stefan Wermuth has found along the River Thames. Wermuth spent two months collecting items along the riverside to give a snapshot of the litter that finds its way into the waterway that runs through the heart of London. For the photo essay, click on: reut.rs/2yyarEZ A gold-plated watch, a letter in Lithuanian in a bottle and a mobile phone were also retrieved from along the shores of the river, which has undergone extensive cleanups since the Natural History Museum declared the Thames biologically dead in 1957.  Today, marine life including seals, porpoises and dolphins have been spotted swimming alongside fish and a hard drive that Wermuth found littering the murky waters.  Pollution remains a problem. In March, Thames Water was handed a record 20 million pound ($26 million) fine for pumping sewage into the river. The water company apologized for its failings and said it was working to improve rivers. London municipal authorities say 4,000 plastic bottles were removed from the river over a one-month period alone last year, demonstrating the scale of the waste problem.  The impact of pollution on marine life in the Thames has in recent years prompted campaigns to encourage Londoners to make sure their rubbish goes in the bin - rather than the water. ",1
15555,Turkey's Erdogan angers critics with plan to replace culture center,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - President Tayyip Erdogan announced on Monday plans to demolish a culture center in Istanbul named after the founder of modern secular Turkey, in a move critics see as another attempt by the Islamist-rooted ruling party to roll back secularism. It marks Erdogan s second attempt to tear down the Ataturk Culture Centre (AKM), named after Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, after a previous plan to develop the site near Taksim Square in 2013 erupted into mass protests against Turkey s ruling AK Party. The project envisages building an opera house, theater hall, a conference center and cinema on the site, near Gezi Park, the epicenter of the 2013 protests. Four years ago Erdogan had wanted to build a replica Ottoman baracks at the site.  Today Turkey is starting something it should have done 10 years ago,  Erdogan said at a ceremony where he announced the project. He said the new building would be a  new and bigger  opera house, referring to it as  the New AKM Project . Erdogan, who served as mayor of Istanbul in the 1990s, has long argued for the need to replace the AKM, saying the building is not resistant to earthquakes. The AKM has been closed to the public for the past 10 years over disagreements regarding its renovation and infrastructure. Opponents, however, see the planned demolition as further proof that Erdogan, a pious Muslim, and his AK Party want to reverse the secular order established by Ataturk in the 1920s and to reduce the use of the state founder s name and image in public life. Turkey s chamber of architects said in a statement on Friday that demolishing the AKM was  a crime  and a violation of the constitution.  The countless warnings and criminal complaints we have filed to public offices over the years have not been processed and the law has been disregarded, the AKM has been intentionally abandoned to demolition,  the chamber said.  We are warning once again: For years, there have been willing crimes committed against history, culture, arts, society and the people in front of the eyes of the world,  it said, without elaborating. The new project, whose cost has not been disclosed, will increase the capacity of the building from 1,300 people to 2,500 people, the presidency said in a statement.  Separately, Erdogan said the project would also pave the way to pedestrianising Taksim Square, one of the busiest hubs in Istanbul. ",1
15556,Polish reforms of judiciary pose threat to rule of law: EU Commission,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Polish reforms of its judiciary pose a systemic threat to the rule of law in the country and Warsaw must change tack, the deputy head of the European Commission said on Monday. Poland has been locked in a deepening dispute with the European Union s executive over democratic standards since the nationalist-minded, eurosceptic Law and Justice (PiS) party won power in late 2015. Many other EU member states, the Polish opposition and human rights groups have also sharply criticized the PiS government, but Warsaw says its overhaul of the judiciary is in line with European standards.  I have to say very clearly to you today, the Commission is of the opinion that these laws do create a threat to the rule of law, a systemic threat to the rule of law in Poland,  Frans Timmermans told the European Parliament. The Commission says the new laws undermine the independence of the judiciary by giving the justice minister - a politician of the ruling party - the right to sack and appoint senior judges. Brussels also says the PiS government violated Poland s constitution in its reform of the Constitutional Tribunal, a court which decides whether new laws approved by the PiS parliamentary majority are in line with the constitution.  The PiS government accuses Timmermans, who has led a legal case against it for more than a year, of waging a vendetta against Poland, but the commissioner said his views were shared by a range of international bodies including the European organization of judges and the U.N. Rapporteur on the judiciary.  Surely, surely the Polish government cannot just simply ignore all of that and pretend as if there s only one guy in the Commission that has a problem and there is not an issue at all apart from that,  said Timmermans, who is Dutch.  Surely the Polish government knows by now there are many concerns in many member states about this...,  he said. Timmermans urged the Polish government to heed the warnings.  You have so much room for maneuver with the political mandate you got from your voters without having to go after the rule of law. There s no need to do that. Please refrain from doing that,  Timmermans said. He also said EU member states were too closely linked together for violation of the rule of law in one of them not to affect others.  If we do not maintain the rule of law in Europe, then we will take leave of the most fundamental values of a European cooperation. And this will not just affect the member state Poland. It will affect all of us,  he said. ",1
15557,U.N. experts urge Hong Kong to uphold rights of democracy activists,"GENEVA (Reuters) - U.N. human rights experts urged Hong Kong to uphold the fundamental freedoms of expression and assembly on Tuesday when a court hears a final appeal of three prominent pro-democracy activists convicted of unlawful assembly in 2014 mass protests. Hong Kong s highest court granted bail to two of the three activists, Joshua Wong and Nathan Law, on Oct 24 pending their appeal scheduled for Tuesday against their respective jail sentences of six months and eight months. Hong Kong s appeals court jailed Wong, 21, Law, 24 and Alex Chow, 27, leaders of the Chinese-ruled city s democracy movement, in August. Chow did not apply for bail. Their sentencing came as a blow to the youth-led push for universal suffrage and prompted accusations of political interference.  We urge the Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal to consider the cases of Wong, Law and Chow in accordance with Hong Kong s obligations under international human rights law,  David Kaye, U.N. special rapporteur on the right to freedom of opinion and expression, and Michel Forst, U.N. special rapporteur on the situation of human rights defenders, said in a joint statement issued on Monday in Geneva.  We fear that if their sentences are upheld, this will have the effect of stifling the expression of dissenting opinions, the right to protest and the overall work of human rights defenders.   The right to freedom of expression and peaceful assembly protects people, especially those sharing dissenting opinions,  they said. The trio of activists helped lead the largely peaceful  Umbrella Movement  that blocked major roads for 79 days in 2014, demanding Beijing grant Hong Kong full democracy. The independent U.N. experts also raised concerns that the Hong Kong Secretary of Justice had  previously intervened in the case, to apply for a change and review of the men s original lighter sentences .  We call on the Hong Kong authorities to respect the independence of judicial powers and the rule of law,  they said.  Hong Kong is a former British colony that returned to Chinese rule in 1997 under a so-called  one country, two systems  formula that promises the city a high degree of autonomy, including an independent judiciary. On Saturday, China s largely rubber-stamp parliament formally extended a law banning disrespect of the national anthem to cover Hong Kong, a move that critics have said undermined the Chinese-ruled city s autonomy and freedoms. ",1
15558,Nordic states step up defense cooperation because of Russia worries,"HELSINKI (Reuters) - Nordic countries agreed on Monday to step up defense cooperation and exchange more air surveillance information because they are worried about Russia s increasing military activity. The countries have increased defense spending and cooperation with each other and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization since Russia annexed Crimea in 2014.  The ... situation is a common concern for the Nordic countries ... We aim at strengthening our national defense and finding cooperation to better address security concerns,  Finnish Defence Minister Jussi Niinisto told a news conference. It followed a meeting with his Swedish, Danish and Norwegian counterparts and a representative from Iceland. He said the agreement to exchange more air surveillance data would contribute  positively to situational awareness  as well as flight safety. The Nordic countries have accused Russia of repeatedly violating their airspace in the past few years. The countries also agreed to cooperate on procurement and said they planned to use a common Nordic combat uniform.  We see an aggressive Russia that is building up its forces, renewing its materials, having new missiles in Kaliningrad ... That is the new picture in our part of the world,  said Danish Defence Minister Claus Hjort Frederiksen Kaliningrad lies between Poland and Lithuania on the Baltic Sea. Other ministers said Russia did not pose a current threat. The Baltic sea region is a zone of heightened tensions between Moscow and the West. Russia has increased its military capability in its Baltic enclave of Kaliningrad and criticized NATO for stationing anti-missile shields in eastern Europe. Norway, Denmark and Iceland are NATO members, while Sweden and Finland - which shares an 833 mile (1,340 km) border with Russia - have remained militarily non-aligned. Finland said last week it was planning large-scale military drills with the Nordics, the United States and other allies as early as 2020. The ministers will meet in Helsinki on Tuesday with a Northern Group that includes Britain, the Netherlands, Germany, Poland and the Baltic states. U.S. Defence Secretary Jim Mattis will also join the meeting. ",1
15559,Philippines hunts for possible new Islamic State 'emir' in South East Asia,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine authorities were on the lookout on Monday for a Malaysian who could be the new leader of pro-Islamic State groups in Southeast Asia, security chiefs said, following the deaths of several high-profile regional extremists. The army terminated combat operations in southern Marawi two weeks ago after killing what it believed were the last remnants of a rebel alliance that held parts of the lakeside city for five months. Following the country s biggest security crisis in decades, troops have made significant gains in the week since they killed Isnilon Hapilon, a leader of the Abu Sayyaf group and anointed  emir  of Islamic State in Southeast Asia. His assumed deputy, Malaysian Mahmud Ahmad, was also believe killed, as was Omarkhayan Maute, a top operative in the alliance.  We are still looking for Amin Baco,  Defence Secretary Delfin Lorenzana said, describing the Malaysian as the likely new  successor as the emir of those terrorists . More than 1,100 people - mostly militants - were killed and 350,000 displaced by the Marawi unrest, a crisis that shocked predominantly Catholic Philippines and led to unease about Islamic State gaining traction in Muslim parts of the island of Mindanao. Police chief Ronaldo dela Rosa said he received similar information that Baco, an expert bomb-maker, had assumed the role of Islamic State s point man. Experts say Baco was trained under Malaysian militant Zulkifli bin Hir, alias Marwan, who was killed in 2015 in a clash in marshlands in Maguindanao province that left 44 police commandoes dead. The information that Baco could be in charge came from an Indonesian arrested in Marawi last week, dela Rosa said. Despite declaring the end of operations, troops are still fighting some hold-outs hiding amid the ruins of a city battered by months of air strikes. Troops have since killed nine gunmen in Marawi, Colonel Romeo Brawner said on Monday, emphasizing why residents were being kept out of the pulverized battle zone. Baco was reported to have been killed in Marawi but intelligence sources said he had fled.  He could be somewhere on Jolo island or in nearby Maguindanao,  an army colonel familiar with Islamist militant groups in Mindanao, told Reuters. He said Baco had been in the Philippines for a long time and had links with regional extremist group Jemaah Islamiah. He was married to a daughter of a local militant sub-leader. As early as 2011, he was facilitating movements into the Philippines of funds, arms and fighters from Indonesia and Malaysia, but his links to the Islamic State network were not known to be strong, another military intelligence official said. He said Baco was in a position to take over because of his familiarity with extremists from various groups in Mindanao. ",1
15560,Britain's aid minister apologizes over undisclosed Israel meetings,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s international development minister Priti Patel apologized on Monday for failing to disclose meetings with senior Israeli officials during a private holiday. The meetings were a potential breach of ministerial protocol.  Patel said she met with senior Israeli figures, including Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, the Foreign Ministry  Director General Yuval Rotem and opposition leader Yair Lapid.  She apologized for failing to follow the usual procedures that ministers inform Britain s Foreign Office before conducting official business overseas and said she regretted suggesting Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson had been aware of her trip.   I can see how my enthusiasm to engage in this way could be mis-read, and how meetings were set up and reported,  Patel said in a statement.  I am sorry for this and I apologize for it.  Prime Minister Theresa May s government is already under the microscope over the fallout from a broader parliamentary sexual harassment scandal which last week forced Britain s defense minister Michael Fallon to resign. May s most senior minister Damian Green is also under investigation from Britain s Cabinet Office after claims by a former senior police officer that pornography was found on one of his work computers and that he made an inappropriate sexual advance on a young woman. He denies any wrongdoing. Other political parties are also under scrutiny. Labour s spokeswoman for international development Kate Osamor said that Patel should resign or face an investigation by the Cabinet Office for breach of the ministerial code.    A government spokesman said May accepted Patel s apology and met with her on Monday to remind her of the obligations under the ministerial code. After details of Patel s meetings in Israel were first reported last week, Patel told the Guardian newspaper Johnson  knew about the trip.  In a clarification on Monday she said that  this was not the case  and that he  did become aware of the visit, but not in advance of it . Patel said she  regrets the lack of precision in the wording she used in these statements, and is taking the opportunity to clarify the position.  (This version of the story corrects title of Israeli foreign ministry official in third paragraph) ",1
15561,Catalonia's ex-leader granted freedom to campaign for independence,"BRUSSELS/MADRID (Reuters) - Catalonia s former leader Carles Puigdemont was spared custody on Monday, when a Brussels court ruled he could remain at liberty in Belgium until it had heard Spanish charges against him of rebellion. The court s decision means Puigdemont, who left Spain last month after Madrid fired his secessionist government and dissolved the Catalan parliament, is free to campaign for independence in an election in the region on Dec 21. Puigdemont said on Monday his government s actions were legitimate and criticized the Spanish judicial system for a  clear lack of independence and neutrality . The December vote is shaping up to be a de facto independence referendum. Puigdemont s PDeCAT and another secessionist party said at the weekend they might run on a combined ticket, but would need to make a decision on any formal alliance - which might also include other parties - by a deadline of Tuesday.  Alliances could however also form after the election. The independence push has dragged Spain into its worst political crisis since its return to democracy four decades ago. It has deeply divided the country, fuelling anti-Spanish feelings in Catalonia and nationalist tendencies elsewhere.  Puigdemont turned himself in to Belgian police on Sunday along with four of his ex-ministers, after Spain issued a European arrest warrant on charges of rebellion as well as misuse of public funds. All five are barred from leaving Belgium without a judge s consent. They will appear before a Belgian court on Nov. 17 for a hearing to discuss the arrest warrant, prosecutors in Brussels said in a statement. Puigdemont, writing in Britain s Guardian newspaper, called for scrutiny of the Spanish judicial system and said the crisis could be solved only with a political and not a judicial solution.  Does anyone think that the sacked Catalan government can expect a fair and independent hearing, uninfluenced by political and media pressure? I do not,  he wrote. Spain s central government took control of Catalonia, which accounts for a fifth of the national economy, after local leaders held an independence referendum on Oct. 1 despite a Constitutional Court ban. The region s parliament then passed a unilateral declaration of independence. In response, Spain s Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy fired the government and called the snap regional elections. Eight of Puigdemont s allies stayed behind in Spain and have been detained on similar accusations to the ones the deposed leader faces. On Sunday, the first part of a GAD3 survey showed that pro-independence parties would win the election in Catalonia but may not gain the parliamentary majority needed to continue with secession. On Monday, the second part showed just one in seven people in the region believe the current standoff between Barcelona and Madrid will end in independence, while more than two thirds think the process has been bad for the economy. Published in La Vanguardia newspaper, that survey polled 1,233 people between Oct. 30 and Nov. 3. Optimism that a negotiated solution would be found was low, with just over a fifth of respondents thinking the crisis would lead to talks between regional authorities and Madrid.  The uncertainty has prompted more than 2,000 companies to relocate their legal headquarters out of the region since Oct. 1. The Bank of Spain has said that if the conflict persists it could lead to slower growth and job creation.  ",1
15562,Zimbabwe's Mugabe sacks VP seen as top succession candidate,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s President Robert Mugabe fired Emmerson Mnangagwa as vice president on Monday for showing  traits of disloyalty , his information minister said, abruptly removing a favorite to succeed the 93-year-old leader. Mnangagwa s removal provides a boost for Mugabe s wife, Grace, who has been a vocal critic of the vice president and is also seen as a potential successor to her husband.  The vice president has consistently and persistently exhibited traits of disloyalty, disrespect, deceitfulness and unreliability,  Information Minister Simon Khaya Moyo told reporters.  It had become evident that his conduct in his discharge of his duties had become inconsistent with his official responsibilities.  Mnangagwa s top aide Christopher Gwatidzo said he had not seen the statement by Khaya Moyo and declined to say whether the vice president had been at his office on Monday.  Grace, 52, nicknamed  Gucci Grace  for her love of shopping, called Mnangagwa a  coup plotter  and a  coward  on Sunday in a speech that inflamed an already bad-tempered rift in the ruling Zanu-PF party. It followed a speech by Mugabe at a rally on Saturday where he publicly rebuked his deputy for the first time. The reaction of the military could be key. Some army generals backed Mnangagwa to succeed Mugabe and have publicly said they will not allow someone who did not fight in the 1970s independence war to rule. Grace did not fight in that war. Grace made international headlines in August when a South African model said the Zimbabwean first lady had whipped her with an electric cable in a Johannesburg hotel suite. Grace denied the allegations. The fight over the future control of ZANU-PF has overshadowed an economic crisis marked by chronic shortages of cash and spiraling prices of goods that has raised fears of a return to hyperinflation. Mnangagwa was Mugabe s protege and had been at his side through five decades of prison, guerrilla war and then post-liberation government, and questions are being raised about what caused the fallout between the two men. By firing Mnangagwa, Mugabe has removed one of his last remaining liberation war comrades who have stood by him since independence from Britain in 1980. However, Grace said on Sunday Mnangagwa had always been plotting against her husband, even months after independence. Mnangagwa s biggest undoing may well have been his vocal supporters, who kept prodding Mugabe to step down. Mugabe has a history of punishing ambition in ZANU-PF. Relations also cooled between the two men in August after suggestions by Mnangagwa s allies that he had been poisoned by ice cream from a dairy owned by the Mugabes. That Mnangagwa s expulsion was announced by a government minister and not the chief secretary to the president and cabinet also spoke to the deterioration in the relationship. Mugabe plans to contest elections due next year and will likely face a weakened and fractured opposition. His main rival Morgan Tsvangirai has been in and out of a South African hospital after announcing he had colon cancer in 2016. ",1
15563,Macron taps author Slimani as French language emissary,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron on Monday named award-winning author Leila Slimani as France s top emissary for promoting the use of the French language. The appointment of the 36-year old Franco-Moroccan writer as emissary for Francophone affairs follows Macron s decision to name a TV presenter and well-known ecologist as environment minister and an Olympic fencer as sports minister, opening up government to civil society.  Slimani was propelled into the limelight when she won the prestigious Prix Goncourt last year for her novel  Chanson Douce , which translates as lullaby. This year, she published a book about sexuality in Morocco.   The Francophone affairs brief has in the past been a ministerial post or a junior minister position, and had often been occupied by career politicians.  Macron, whose upstart centrist party trounced France s traditional political forces in an election earlier this year, has named a series of newcomers to his government.  Nicolas Hulot was appointed energy and environment minister, while Laura Flessel-Colovic, an Olympic gold medalist, is minister for sports.  ",1
15564,Iraq cabinet plans to cut Kurdistan share in 2018 federal budget,"BAGHDAD/ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq s cabinet proposed on Sunday to slash the Kurdish share of the country s revenue in the 2018 federal budget, a move that Kurdish officials said was aimed to further punish them for a Sept. 25 referendum on independence. If approved, the budget would further damage the relationship between Baghdad and Erbil   the semi-autonomous region s capital   already at boiling point after the central government launched a military offensive last month that swiftly recaptured the oil-rich city of Kirkuk. A preliminary draft document seen by Reuters and confirmed by three lawmakers and two Iraqi government officials shows the Kurdistan region s share of the 2018 budget trimmed to 12.6 percent, down from the 17 percent the region has traditionally been entitled to since the fall of Saddam Hussein.  The 12.6 percent figure was  very accurate , said a government financial advisor on condition of anonymity, who said it was based on population data from the trade ministry s ration card program. Iraq s central government and the Kurdish autonomous region have quarreled over money repeatedly since the 2003 fall of Saddam Hussein. The post-Saddam constitution put in place a system guaranteeing the Kurds self-rule with a share of overall revenue proportionate to their share of the population.  For the past three years, Baghdad stopped sending funds while the Kurds held nearly all of northern Iraq s oil infrastructure and sold enough crude to fund themselves. But the Iraqi government offensive that recaptured oil-producing territory from the Kurds last month means the autonomous region is once again dependent on Baghdad for funds. The central government has demanded a halt to all independent Kurdish oil sales. The reduced budget would dramatically add to the Kurdistan Regional Government s (KRG) financial difficulties. The region says it is already stretched thin due to a three-year war on Islamic State and the cost of supporting hundreds of thousands of refugees who have fled the militants. Last year, Iraq s parliament approved the 2017 budget, but all members of the KDP party that rules the Kurdish region stayed away, protesting that the budget failed to allocate enough money for salaries of state workers and Peshmerga fighters, the Kurdish region s security forces. Another proposal inserted into the draft budget would see the central government distribute the Kurdish region s share of the federal budget to the three provinces that make up the region individually, further undermining the KRG s control over the allocation of funds.  It s a dangerous sign which indicates that Baghdad is seeking to undermine the political and economic system in Kurdistan region by cutting the budget share and dealing directly with the provinces,  said Ahmed Hama Rasheed, a Kurd and the secretary of the financial committee in the federal parliament.  It seems that the central government is trying a divide and conquer policy with the Kurdistan region , said Rasheed. Kurdish officials criticized the cabinet proposals, accusing Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi of using the 2018 budget to punish the Kurds, who overwhelmingly voted to break away from Iraq in the referendum, which Baghdad considers illegal.  In a press conference on Monday, Kurdish Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani said Baghdad had violated the Iraqi constitution by drafting a budget that does not recognize Kurdish entitlements.  Barzani, the nephew of Massoud Barzani who stepped down last week as Kurdish president in the wake of the referendum crisis, said the KRG was  prepared to give them the oil revenue    apparently an offer to negotiate over its own sales of oil   if the central government was prepared to give the Kurds their customary 17 percent share. The budget proposal with the revised trimmed share for the Kurds was rejected by two Kurdish ministers attending Sunday s cabinet meeting, two Iraqi government officials confirmed.  The proposed 2018 federal budget must first be approved by Abadi and then referred to parliament which will vote on it. The secretary general of the Iraqi cabinet, Mahdi al-Allaq, told Iraqiya state TV on Monday the cabinet had finished studying the draft budget and would refer it to the prime minister for final approval in the next cabinet session. ",1
15565,Turkish embassy in U.S. says resumes processing visas on 'limited basis',"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey will resume processing visas at its missions in the United States on a  limited basis , it said in a statement on Monday, reciprocating a move by Washington to partially ease issuance of visas for U.S. citizens. United States missions in Turkey have partially resumed processing visa applications, its embassy said on Monday, in the first step to ease a diplomatic crisis between the two allies. ",1
15566,"Britain's PM May, husband have no direct offshore investments","LONDON (Reuters) - Neither the British Prime Minister Theresa May nor her husband have any direct offshore investments, her spokesman said on Monday, after leaked documents revealed investments by wealthy individuals across the globe.  Neither the prime minister or Mr May have direct offshore investments, their investments have been declared to the cabinet office and are held in a blind trust,  he told reporters.  The nature of a blind trust is just that, this is a well established mechanism in protecting ministers in their handling of interests.  ",1
15567,"'We like Paris but are a bit scared,' Chinese tourists say after muggings","PARIS (Reuters) - In tight-knit groups with their backpacks hanging in front where they can keep an eye on them, Chinese tourists walked around Paris on their guard on Monday, alarmed by a recent mugging and other attacks targeting Asian visitors.  We like Paris but we are a bit scared,  Chinese tour guide Jenny Xu said as she lead a group around the department store district hours after China s foreign ministry said France needed to step up security after a high-profile robbery.  Chinese tourists, they are afraid for their safety in Paris,  said Xu, speaking in English as she recounted some of her own clients experiences of being mugged in shops or museums.   We tell them again and again to have their bags in front of them. And I tell them not to take so much cash.   France has in the past promised to do more to protect the safety of Chinese tourists, who come to Paris in ever larger numbers and have become more of a target for the cash they often carry and the luxury goods they buy. Last week, a group of 40 Chinese tourists was tear-gassed and robbed by four men in the parking lot of their hotel near Orly airport, south of Paris. While the muggings are not good for the city s reputation, and tourism was hit hard by the Islamist attacks of 2015, Paris still attracted 16 million visitors in the first half of 2017, making it one of the most popular cities in the world.          Chang Hui Ying, a tour operator from Taiwan who leads Chinese and Taiwanese groups across Europe, said Paris was the city where she was most worried about client safety.  One hour ago, when I was leaving the Louvre museum, two girls opened my bag and I was almost robbed,  she said, adding that once a whole week s worth of wages was stolen from her bag in the French capital.   There really are a lot of thieves,  she said.  But they still want to come. We like to shop here,  she said as she led a group to a store especially dedicated to Chinese visitors which the Galeries Lafayette chain opened earlier this year.  Tourists said they were taking extra precautions.   We put a small wallet somewhere and more money deeper inside (our bag), and the bag always in front,  said Chang Hui-Neng, speaking English with the help of her guide.  A group of hoteliers deplored last week s mugging and called for more protection.  More needs to be done to avoid such tragic events that have a lot of impact on Paris  image and that of France as a tourism destination,  UMIH said in a statement. With no backpack or shopping bags that would mark her as a tourist, 23-year-old Chinese student Wang Xi Qing, who has been living in France for 18 months, said she knew here way around and felt comfortable. But she said she tells friends who visit to be careful, especially since one of them got mugged in Notre Dame cathedral.  It s important to be aware,  she said. ",1
15568,Catalan crisis to have an impact on Spain's 2018 growth: De Guindos,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Spain s economy is expected to be impacted by the political crisis with Catalonia next year, Spanish Economy Minister Luis de Guindos said on Monday.  For 2018, we expect growth of 2.3 percent, which would be 2.7 or 2.8 percent without the Catalan issue,  he told reporters as he arrived at a meeting with his EU counterparts. The government had already lowered the 2018 forecast from 2.6 percent to 2.3 percent last month due to Catalonia. (This version of the story corrects quote) ",1
15569,Ousted Catalan leaders to appear in Belgian court on November 17,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Ousted Catalan President Carles Puigdemont and four associates will appear before a Belgian court on Nov. 17 to discuss the European arrest warrant Spain has issued against them, prosecutors said on Monday.  The Brussels prosecutor s office hereby confirms that the hearing at the council chamber will take place on Nov. 17 at 1400 (1300 GMT),  Brussels prosecutors said in a statement. The hearing is one stage of the European extradition procedure that could take several weeks to complete. ",1
15570,Libyan rivals split over army leadership: Tripoli parliament head,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libyan factions involved in U.N.-brokered peace talks are still far apart on the issue of the leadership of a future national army, the head of one of two rival parliaments said on Monday.  Abdulrahman Swehli said delegations from both the Tripoli State Council that he leads and from a parliament based in eastern Libya were  almost there  on agreeing the structure and selection process for a new transitional government. The aim is to form an administration to rule until elections expected late next year and help the country climb out of years of chaos that have severely disrupted oil production and created a security vacuum that has destabilized the region. But there was still disagreement over the military and the role of Khalifa Haftar, a commander whose forces dominate eastern Libya, Swehli told Reuters in an interview. The United Nations is trying to revive a deal struck in late 2015 to end the conflict that spread after the 2011 uprising that toppled Muammar Gaddafi. Control of the military and the role of Haftar has long been a sticking point. Haftar and his supporters have rejected an internationally recognized government that was set up in Tripoli in 2016.   The eastern parliament is aligned with Haftar, who has expanded his power with support from Egypt and the United Arab Emirates, taking control of Benghazi after a three-year military campaign earlier this year.   The obstacle now is mostly about the military and how it will be run and who will be in control,  Swehli said.   Our position is that we need a united, professional military solution, we need a Libyan army... under civilian control. We should not concentrate on personalities of who wants to lead that army.   The other side is very clear that they want to carry on with what they have at the moment, which is not good for our democracy.  We are still far away from each other.  Haftar s Libyan National Army (LNA) has been battling Islamists and former anti-Gaddafi rebels in Benghazi and other parts of the east since 2014. He is widely assumed to be seeking national power, and has repeatedly hinted at  liberating  the capital from militias which he says control an unelected government there.  Swehli said he considered Haftar s LNA an  armed organization outside the state , accusing Haftar and his backers of seeking a return to authoritarian rule.   We are facing this curse which is yearning for the rule of a strongman,  he said.  Haftar is trying to re-live Gaddafi ... This is what we revolted against in 2011.  ",1
15571,Lebanon's finances can cope with PM resignation: finance minister,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon and its financial institutions can cope with the impact of Prime Minister Saad Hariri s surprise resignation, Finance Minister Ali Hassan Khalil said on Monday.  We are confident in the stability of the financial and monetary situation in the country. There are no very big challenges ahead of us,  Khalil said in a televised statement after a meeting on the economy chaired by President Michel Aoun.  The state is able to finance itself,  he said.   ",1
15572,Turkey may follow suit after U.S. partially eases visa restrictions: Turkish government source,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey may reciprocate a move by Washington and partially ease issuance of visas for U.S. citizens after the U.S. embassy said it had resumed visa processing on a limited basis, a Turkish government source said on Monday. The U.S. embassy in Ankara announced its decision in an email on Monday, in what could signal a tentative improvement in the ongoing diplomatic crisis between the two countries.  ",1
15573,Two more Saudi firms say board members reported detained,"KHOBAR, Saudi Arabia (Reuters) - Two more Saudi Arabian companies said on Monday they were operating normally after local media reported that members of their boards had been detained in a sweeping anti-corruption probe. In a brief statement, Saudi Aseer Trading, Tourism and Manufacturing 4080.SE said two board members had been reported held, though it did not name them or confirm they were being detained by authorities. Saudi media reported earlier that the company s chairman Abdullah Saleh Kamel had been detained. Saudi officials told Reuters that another Aseer board member, former Saudi Arabian Airlines director-general Khalid al-Mulheim, was being held. Meanwhile Red Sea International 4230.SE, a builder of housing, said its business was continuing despite media reports that its chairman Amr al-Dabbagh had been detained. Saudi officials told Reuters that Dabbagh, a former governor of the Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority, was being held. [nL5N1NB02A] Saudi royals, ministers and businessmen are among those held in the biggest anti-corruption purge of the kingdom s affluent elite in its modern history. [nL5N1NC1OF] The arrests are the latest in a series of dramatic steps by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman to assert Saudi influence internationally and centralize his own power within a hereditary ruling system at home.  Among other detained businessmen are Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, chairman of investment firm Kingdom Holding 4280.SE.  Al Tayyar Travel 1810.SE said on Monday that it was continuing to operate after local media reported its founder Nasser bin Aqeel al-Tayyar was being held. ",1
15574,Petition filed in Kenya court challenging Kenyatta's election victory,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - A former lawmaker filed a petition at Kenya s Supreme Court on Monday challenging President Uhuru Kenyatta s victory in last month s presidential election in a last minute move that opens the door to legal scrutiny of the vote. Harun Mwau filed the petition hours before a Monday deadline set by the constitution expired. Earlier in the day, a coalition of civil society groups said they were being targeted by the government in an effort to head off potential legal cases. The Supreme Court has until Nov. 14 to rule on election petitions. If it upholds the result, Kenyatta will be sworn in on Nov. 28.  Kenyatta came to power in 2013 and won a second and final term in August, defeating opposition leader Raila Odinga by 1.4 million votes. The Supreme Court nullified the vote citing procedural irregularities and ordered a second election.  Odinga did not contest the repeat vote on Oct. 26 saying it would be unfair because the election commission had failed to implement reforms. Kenyatta won with 98 percent of the vote, though opposition supporters staged a boycott and prevented polls from opening in the west of the country.  Kenya is a regional hub for trade, diplomacy and security and its prolonged election season has disrupted its economy.  Rights groups said on Monday the government was trying to prevent them from lodging cases challenging the Oct. 26 result. The government s NGO Board, which monitors civil society organizations, summoned three groups for an audit on Monday, they said.       It is not a coincidence that the NGO Board has decided to come after these organizations. All three have been instrumental in calling for free, fair, and credible elections,  said a statement from Kura Yangu Sauti Yangu, a coalition of civil society groups that monitored the election. The name means My Vote My Voice in Kiswahili. The three organizations, Katiba Institute, Muslims for Human Rights and Inuka Trust, belong to the coalition. The head of Muslims for Human Rights said he had planned to file a court challenge.  Kura Yangu Sauti Yangu deployed 2,000 monitors for last month s vote and said it found multiple cases where results from polling stations differed from results on the forms posted on the election portal.  They are trying to attack everywhere to see who is preparing to go to court so that they stop it,  Tom Oketch, secretary general for the Coalition for Constitutional Implementation, told a news conference. Calls to Fazul Mohamed, the NGO Board s executive director, went unanswered. Mwenda Njoka, a spokesman for the interior ministry, under which the board falls, said only Mohamed could comment.  In a separate case, another organization filed a case against the opposition, seeking to hold them liable for losses incurred because of their demonstrations. ",1
15575,Saudi says reserves right to respond to Iran 'hostile actions',"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said on Monday his country reserved the right to respond to Iran s  hostile actions , an apparent reference to a missile fired by Yemen s Houthis who Saudi Arabia says are armed by Iran. Jubeir also said on his Twitter account that Iranian interference in the region harms neighboring countries and international peace and security. ",1
15576,Iran says Saudi Arabia facing results of its 'wars of aggression',"DUBAI (Reuters) - Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said on Monday Saudi Arabia was blaming Iran for the consequences of its own  wars of aggression , after his Saudi counterpart accused Tehran of threatening regional security.  KSA (Saudi Arabia) is engaged in wars of aggression, regional bullying, destabilizing behavior (and) risky provocations. It blames Iran for the consequences,  Zarif said on his Twitter account. ",1
15577,Mattis backs Geneva process on Syrian conflict,"HELSINKI (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Monday he backed diplomatic efforts to bring an end to the Syrian civil war, which has claimed hundreds of thousands of lives over more than six years of conflict, as Islamic State militants near defeat. Mattis was traveling to Finland to meet with leaders from the Northern Group, a forum for 12 northern European countries, where concern about Russia is growing after it annexed Crimea from Ukraine and gave its backing to eastern Ukraine separatists fighting against the Kiev government.     Russia also supports Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, and with its help Assad has recovered control of swathes of lost Syrian territory over the last two years and appears militarily unassailable. The United States, however, has supported the opposition to Assad during the Syrian war. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson recently reiterated that Assad should leave power, saying the  reign of the Assad family is coming to an end  and  the only issue is how that should be brought about .  Secretary Tillerson engaged strongly with Staffan de Mistura about how do we move what has been going on in Astana, how do we move that over to Geneva where we can actually get the U.N. engaged on the way forward,  Mattis told reporters on a plane en route to Finland.  Russia has backed peace talks in Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan, to end the Syrian civil war. U.N. Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura announced that stalled peace talks between the Syrian government and still-to-be-united opposition would resume in Geneva on Nov. 28. However, Russia is also fighting against Islamic State in Syria, at times their goals aligning with the United States, whose forces have helped Kurdish-led militias recapture Raqqa and other parts of northern and eastern Syria from the militants. With Islamic State s territory rapidly shrinking, the focus was on defeating it in the final few areas, Mattis said - and avoiding conflict as the gap between Russian and U.S. forces shrinks. What the U.S. strategy wills after the defeat of Islamic State is likely to come up when Mattis visits Brussels later this week, where he will meet with his counterparts from NATO. Mattis declined to comment on whether the United States would take back arms from Kurdish YPG fighters after the defeat of Islamic State, a sensitive point given the concerns of its NATO ally Turkey. Ankara views the YPG as an extension of PKK militants waging an insurgency on Turkish soil, and has sharply criticized U.S. support to the group. ",1
15578,Saudi banks freeze accounts of suspects detained in probe: sources,"RIYADH/DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabian banks have begun freezing the accounts of suspects ensnared in an anti-corruption probe, banking and business sources told Reuters on Monday. Dozens of people including royals, ministers and businessmen have been detained in an investigation by a new anti-corruption body headed by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. The central bank ordered banks to freeze the accounts of people under investigation in the probe, the sources said, declining to be named because he was not authorized to talk to media. Two of the sources said the number of accounts affected could run into the hundreds, but none of the sources mentioned the names of those affected.  The freezing of accounts has already happened,  said another source.  The freezing is a precautionary measure that will end as soon as the suspects are either charged or pronounced innocent.  A central bank spokesman was not immediately available to comment. Eleven princes, four ministers and tens of former ministers are among those arrested, including billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, Saudi Arabia s best-known international investor, according to Saudi officials. The allegations against the men include money laundering, bribery, extorting officials and taking advantage of public office for personal gain, a Saudi official said. The new anti-corruption committee has the power to seize assets at home and abroad before the results of its investigations are known.  ",1
15579,Saudi Attorney General says detained individuals have been questioned,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s Attorney General said on Monday detailed questioning of individuals detained on the back of an anti-corruption probe had taken place and  a great deal of evidence  had already been gathered.  Dozens of people including royals, ministers and businessmen have been detained in an investigation by a new anti-corruption body headed by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.  Yesterday does not represent the start, but the completion of Phase One of our anti-corruption push,  a statement by Attorney General Sheikh Saud Al Mojeb said.  The investigations were done in a discreet manner, the statement said,  in order to preserve the integrity of the legal proceedings and ensure there was no flight from justice.  ",1
15580,Somalia's Islamist insurgency executes four men accused of spying,"(Reuters) - Somalia s Islamist al Shabaab insurgency shot four men accused of spying on Monday in a public execution which underscored the insurgents  control of swathes of the country s southern region even as the government girds up for an offensive against them.   The four men were captured weeks ago. They were publicly executed today after the court ruling and after admitting espionage,  Mohamed Abu Abdalla, al Shabaab s governor for the Jubba regions said by phone.  Two of them were spying for the Ethiopian government and the other two were spying for Somali government intelligence.  The men were shot in Buale, the capital of Middle Jubba, he said, a region mostly controlled by al Shabaab that lies south of the capital of Mogadishu.  The government did not return calls seeking comment.  Al Shabaab s grip on the Horn of African nation has been weakening since it was pushed out of the capital in 2011 by African Union peacekeepers. But it still controls large parts of the countryside.  It is trying to overthrow the weak, U.N.-backed government and impose a strict form of Islamic law. Somalia has been riven by civil war since 1991, when clan warlords overthrew a dictator then turned on each other.  ",1
15581,"UK says Briton kidnapped in Nigeria last month killed, three others released","LONDON (Reuters) - A Briton kidnapped in Nigeria last month has been killed with three others released after negotiations, Britain s Foreign Office said on Monday. The four Britons were taken hostage three weeks ago and although the British High Commission, with help from the Nigerian authorities secured the release of three of them, Ian Squire was killed, the Foreign Office (FCO) said in a statement. It said it was unable to give further details because of an ongoing investigation by the Nigerian authorities  We are supporting the families of four British people who were abducted on October 13 in Nigeria, one of whom was tragically killed,  the statement said.  This has clearly been a traumatic time for all concerned, and our staff will continue to do all we can to support the families.  A statement from the families of Squire and the other hostages, Alanna Carson, David Donovan and Shirley Donovan, said the last three weeks had been traumatic for the relatives and friends of those involved.  We are delighted and relieved that Alanna, David and Shirley have returned home safely. Our thoughts are now with the family and friends of Ian as we come to terms with his sad death,  their statement said. ",1
15582,Nigeria offers to meet militants after ceasefire cancelled in oil region,"ABUJA (Reuters) - The minister for Nigeria s oil-producing Delta region said on Monday the government was ready to meet militants days after they called off a year-long ceasefire. Usani Uguru Usani asked the Niger Delta Avengers to be patient and said the government was pushing through development schemes in the southern territory where rights groups have long complained about poverty and pollution.  The Avengers - whose attacks on energy facilities in the Niger Delta last year helped push Africa s biggest economy into recession - called off the ceasefire on Friday. The announcement threatened to push one of Nigeria s economic heartlands further into turmoil and disrupt the country s fragile recovery. It also piled pressure onto President Muhammadu Buhari who is already facing the jihadist Boko Haram insurgency in the northeast and rising calls for secession in the southeast.    If the Avengers wants to meet with us, we are ready to meet with them ... We are at all times ready to engage them and other groups and stakeholders,  Usani told reporters at the presidential villa in Abuja.  My message to the Avengers is that they should be patient with the government. We have been doing what we can to ensure the development of the region. Everything has a phase of planning and a phase of execution so I will advise all stakeholders to remain calm,  he added.  The government has been in talks for more than a year to address grievances over poverty and oil pollution but local groups have complained that no progress has been made, despite Buhari receiving a list of demands at a meeting last November. Attacks in 2016 cut oil production from a peak of 2.2 million barrels per day (mbpd) to near 1 mbpd, the lowest level in Africa s top oil producer for at least 30 years. The attacks, combined with low oil prices, caused the OPEC member s first recession in 25 years. Crude sales make up two-thirds of government revenue and most of its foreign exchange.  Nigeria came out of recession in the second quarter of this year as prices strengthened, attacks ended and oil production rose. ",1
15583,Hungarians take walking tour to overcome fears of Muslims,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - A walking tour to learn about Budapest s Muslim community and its mosques has become popular with Hungarians as a way of overcoming fears and reservations amid a strident anti-immigrant campaign by the government. Budapest-based tour operator Setamuhely (Budapest Walkshop) runs 30 different walks taking visitors around the city s architectural and cultural sites and the Jewish and Muslim communities.  I can say that this walk,  Muslims who live among us , is the most popular tour,  said Anna Lenard who runs the business. When the Muslim tour was set up three years ago very few people were interested.  Most people have never met a Muslim in their life and this ... together with what they hear every day in the media causes a lot of tension and stress in daily life. I think this is the main reason why people are coming now.  Most of the people on the four-hour walk have a college degree, and two-thirds are women, she said. Hungary s Muslim community, estimated to number about  40,000, grew with the migration crisis of 2015, though most of them arrived earlier to study at Hungarian universities.  Though hundreds of thousands of migrants crossed into Hungary from the Balkans at the peak of the crisis the majority went on to richer parts of western Europe. Data from think tank Tarki shows the proportion of people deemed to be xenophobic and resentful of foreign immigrants shot up to 60 percent this year, rising 19 points from two years ago. About 80 people go on the Muslim tour per month, the organizers said. A typical group of around 30 people first goes to a small mosque hidden in an old apartment where Muslims come to pray at the time of the visit.   I am very interested in everything multi-cultural and in cultures and religions that live among us,  said Nauszika, a psychologist who did not want to give her full name.  It is the best way to lose your fears if you start to ask the one who you (are) afraid of,  added tour leader Marianna Karman, an Africa expert who converted to Islam herself.  These people choose to come on these walks because they would like to talk about this problem. They want to fight against their fears.  Other points on the tour can include Muslim food shops and Budapest s largest mosque, located in a former office building. ",1
15584,Comoros lawmaker leading citizenship inquiry attacked,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Unknown attackers torched a car belonging to deputy head of the parliament of Comoros late on Sunday, the latest in a series of threats apparently aimed at derailing an investigation he is leading, the lawmaker said. Dhoulkamal Dhoihir, vice president of the National Assembly, is leading an inquiry into a plan to sell Comoros citizenship to stateless people in Gulf states. The scheme would earn Comoros, an island state off Africa s eastern coast, $200 million to $300 million, but it has been dogged by allegations of corruption. The incident comes a day before the commission Dhoihir heads is due to question two former presidents - Ikililou Dhoinine, who left office last year, and Ahmed Abdallah Mohamed Sambi, who launched the citizenship scheme in late 2008.  As I was finishing up my dinner I heard a loud noise and the car alarm go off. I opened the door and saw my car on fire. Everything was destroyed,  Dhoihir told Reuters on Monday.  It was definitely linked to my work. There are lots of people who don t want this information to come out,  he added. Abdoul-Kader Mahmoud, the director of the police, said the investigation was continuing, but officers had not yet identified the cause of the incident.  It could have been a technical problem, but we are not ruling out any explanation,  he told Reuters. Dhoirir said that he had faced threats via social media and a group of MPs have tried to shut down his commission of inquiry, which began work in the summer and is due to submit its report next month. Dhoirir said that the commission had requested extra security after coming under increased pressure as the investigation advanced. None was provided until Sunday night, after the fire, he said. Mahmoud denied commissioners had requested extra security before the incident but said officers had been dispatched to the residences of members of the commission.  We have taken the measures. We have sent more men to protect these people,  he said. Under President Azali Assoumani, the Comoros government has suspended the issuing of new citizenships until the commission completes its work.  This is a very serious incident. Those who risk being exposed are sending a very clear message,  a former top government official said. ",1
15585,Petition filed at Kenya's Supreme Court challenging election results,"(Reuters) - A former lawmaker filed a petition at Kenya s Supreme Court on Monday challenging the results of last month s presidential election, a Reuters witness said, opening the door to potential legal challenges to President Uhuru Kenyatta s re-election.  The petition, filed by former legislator Harun Mwau, seeks to overturn Kenyatta s victory in the Oct. 26 election, which was held after the Supreme Court nullified Kenyatta s win in an Aug. 8 presidential election on procedural grounds. The grounds for Mwau s petition were not immediately clear since his lawyer did not answer questions.  ",1
15586,"Turkey's Erdogan to visit Russia, Kuwait on November 13, 14","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan will visit Russia s Sochi on November 13, followed by a visit to Kuwait the following day, his office said on Monday. The visit to Sochi comes amid reports of potential sticking points in Turkey s planned purchase of a Russian S-400 surface-to-air missile system, and Turkish objections to the attendance of Syrian Kurdish groups to a Russian-sponsored Syrian peace congress scheduled for Nov. 18. Last week, the two countries took a step toward the solution of an import crisis as Russia lifted restrictions on import of Turkish tomatoes. ",1
15587,Airport video shows North Korean embassy official with Kim Jong Nam murder suspects,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - A North Korean embassy official and a manager of Air Koryo, the national airline, met suspects wanted for the killing of Kim Jong Nam shortly after the murder, according to video recordings shown at the trial in Kuala Lumpur on Monday. Two women, Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Doan Thi Huong from Vietnam, and four men who are still at large, have been charged in the murder of the half-brother of the country s leader, using banned chemical weapon VX at Kuala Lumpur airport on Feb. 13. Defense lawyers have said Siti Aisyah and Huong were duped into thinking they were playing a prank for a reality TV show. The four suspects, who were caught on airport camera talking to the women before they attacked Kim Jong Nam, were identified as North Koreans for the first time on Monday, a month since the trial began. Three of them were seen meeting a North Korean embassy official and the Air Koryo official, both unidentified, at the main airport terminal within an hour of the attack, lead police investigator Wan Azirul Nizam Che Wan Aziz told the court. North Korea has vehemently denied accusations by South Korean and U.S. officials that Kim Jong Un s regime was behind the killing. Kim Jong Nam, who was living in exile in Macau, had criticized his family s dynastic rule of North Korea and his brother had issued a standing order for his execution, some South Korean lawmakers have said. Footage played in the courtroom showed the Air Koryo official helping the three suspects at an airport check-in counter. He was later seen arranging a flight ticket for the fourth suspect too, Wan Azirul said. Wan Azirul identified the men as North Koreans Hong Song Hac, Ri Ji Hyon, Ri Jae Nam and O Jong Gil, citing intelligence findings by the special branch of the Malaysian police. Wan Azirul said he investigated and took statements from both the embassy and the Air Koryo official.  They explained that the reason they were there was to assist every North Korean individual or citizen who boarded a flight to leave the country,  he told the court. The North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur did not respond to Reuters  telephone calls and emails to seek comment.   The sensational murder unraveled once-close ties between Malaysia and North Korea.  Malaysia was forced to return Kim Jong Nam s body and allow the return home of three North Korean men wanted for questioning and hiding in the Kuala Lumpur embassy, in exchange for the release of nine Malaysians stuck in Pyongyang. Wan Azirul said police intelligence also provided information on a fifth suspect identified as Ri Ji U, who was also  suspected to have the real name James , based on images and photographs taken from Siti Aisyah s phone. (The story was refiled to remove article  an  in paragraph one.)    ",1
15588,Iceland's leftist opposition fails to form government,"REYKJAVIK (Reuters) - Talks on forming a governing coalition between Iceland s Left-Green Movement and three other parties after an Oct. 28 parliamentary election have broken down, broadcaster RUV reported on Monday. President Gudni Johannesson gave the mandate to Left-Green leader Katrin Jakobsdottir last week after her party came second in the election. Jakobsdottir told broadcaster RUV that the breakdown of the talks was a huge disappointment and that talks had been progressing well. ",1
15589,Death toll from Vietnam storm tops 60 and dams near bursting,"DANANG, Vietnam (Reuters) - The death toll from a typhoon and ensuing floods in Vietnam reached 61 on Monday and the government said some reservoirs were dangerously near capacity after persistent rain. Typhoon Damrey tore across central Vietnam at the weekend just days before the region is due to host the APEC summit of Asia-Pacific leaders, among them U.S. President Donald Trump, China s Xi Jinping and Russia s Vladimir Putin. The Communist state s Search and Rescue Committee said 61 people had been killed and 28 were recorded as missing. It said some of the victims were in vessels that capsized at sea. Others were killed in landslides. It did not give a full breakdown. More than 2,000 homes had collapsed and more than 80,000 had been damaged, it said. Roads that had been flooded or washed away caused traffic jams across several provinces. Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc chaired an emergency meeting on the disaster. Ministers said that because some dams were so full, water might need to be released to relieve pressure - potentially worsening flooding downstream. In Danang, authorities called on soldiers and local people to clean up so that the beach resort would be ready for delegates to the meetings of Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) countries, which started on Monday. Leaders are due to meet from Nov. 10 and organizers said the schedule had not been disrupted because of the weather. But in much of the ancient town of Hoi An, a UNESCO World Heritage site that spouses of APEC leaders are scheduled to visit on Saturday, muddy waters rose to head height and people boated through the streets. Hoang Tran Son, 37, who left his home there when the water reached his chest, said it was the worst flooding he had seen for decades.  We re pretty much all right in the city, but people in remote areas are devastated,  he said. The storm moved from the coastal area into a key coffee-growing region of the world s biggest producer of robusta coffee beans. The typhoon had damaged some coffee trees at the start of the harvest season, farm officials said. But farmers in Daklak, the heart of the region, said the damage was limited. Authorities said that more than 7,000 farm animals had been killed. Floods killed more than 80 people in northern Vietnam last month, while a typhoon wreaked havoc in central provinces in September. The country of more than 90 million people is prone to destructive storms and flooding, due to its long coastline. ",1
15590,"Trump, Japan's Abe toast 'bromance' as two-day summit wraps up","TOKYO (Reuters) - Every American president has a favorite foreign leader. For Donald Trump, it seems to be Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. The two leaders toasted their  bromance  on Monday as they wrapped up two days of golf, burgers and serious talks on trade and North Korea. The two men have met face-to-face six times since Trump was elected U.S. president a year ago and had 16 telephone conversations. They ve played golf twice, once at Trump s Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida and again on Sunday outside Tokyo. Abe recalled how his grandfather, then-premier Nobusuke Kishi, and President Dwight D. Eisenhower began the tradition of U.S.-Japan golf diplomacy 60 years ago.  When you play golf not just once but two times, the person must be your favorite guy,  Abe said ahead of a formal banquet with Trump on Monday. He added that never had two Japanese and American leaders forged such a close bond in just one year. Abe was the first foreign leader to meet Trump after his election last November, a win that caught Tokyo off guard after many had expected Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton to win and worried about Trump s  America First  rhetoric.  Trump told the dinner guests that for protocol reasons, he shouldn t have met a foreign leader before his inauguration - but when he tried to call Abe to wave him off, the Japanese premier was already on a plane to New York.  We have to spend more time together because I enjoyed every minute of it even though he (Abe) is a very tough negotiator,  Trump said.  We will be back soon.   Trump and Abe are hardly the only U.S. and Japanese leaders to bond. Ronald Reagan and Yasuhiro Nakasone set the gold-standard for friendly ties between leaders of the two allies back in the 1980s, when they famously called each other by the nicknames  Ron  and  Yasu . George W. Bush and Junichiro Koizumi also bonded during Koizumi s 2001-2006 term as Japanese premier, playing ball, eating BBQ at Bush s Texas ranch, and visiting Elvis Presley s Graceland mansion, where Koizumi crooned Elvis tunes.  Diplomatic experts said the personal chemistry between Abe and Trump appeared real, but also noted that forging warm ties were in a way a diplomatic necessity for Japan, which ultimately relies on the U.S. nuclear umbrella for its security. ",1
15591,Lebanon president says stability is 'red line' after PM quit - justice minister,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s president stressed that stability is  a red line  after the prime minister s shock resignation, Justice Minister Salim Jreissati said on Monday after meeting the president. Saudi King Salman received Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri in Riyadh on Monday, two days after he quit, Saudi-owned al-Arabiya television reported, without elaborating. In a televised speech, Hariri had said he feared an assassination plot against him and accused Iran along with its Lebanese ally Hezbollah of sowing strife in the Arab world.  His resignation stunned Beirut s political establishment, brought down the coalition government and sparked a new political crisis. It has thrust Lebanon into the front line of the regional rivalry between Sunni Muslim Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Muslim Iran that has also buffeted Syria, Iraq, Yemen and Bahrain.  Lebanese President Michel Aoun convened a meeting with ministers and top security officials at the Baabda palace on Monday to assess the security situation. Aoun told them political leaders had been responsive to calls for calm, strengthening security and national unity, his office said.  The president will take no steps regarding the prime minister s resignation before Hariri returns from abroad, the justice minister said at a press conference after the meeting. Aoun said security, economic, financial, and political stability is  a red line , Jreissati said.   The president is waiting for Hariri s return to hear from him personally. This indicates a sovereign vision...and that the resignation must be voluntary in every sense.   Aoun was also set to meet the finance minister and central bank governor later on Monday. ",1
15592,Lebanon monetary situation stable after PM quits: cenbank governor to local TV,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s monetary situation was stable and markets were normal two days after the prime minister s shock resignation, a local TV channel cited Central Bank Governor Riad Salameh as saying on Monday.  Salameh told LBC there was no danger to the Lebanese pound, which is pegged to the U.S. dollar. ",1
15593,Lebanon interior minister says thinks PM Hariri could return in days,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese Interior Minister Nohad Machnouk said on Monday he was under the impression that Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri, who announced his resignation while in Saudi Arabia over the weekend, would return to Beirut within days. Machnouk said Hariri s meeting with Saudi King Salman in Riyadh on Monday showed  rumors  were untrue, in an apparent reference to speculation in Lebanon that Hariri had been detained in Saudi Arabia or forced to quit.  ",1
15594,"No cult of personality around Xi, says top China party academic","BEIJING (Reuters) - China has learnt from history and will not allow a Mao Zedong-style cult of personality to form around President Xi Jinping, one of the ruling Communist Party s top official academics said on Monday.  Xi cemented his political authority at a key twice-a-decade party congress last month, enshrining an eponymous political ideology in the party s constitution and breaking with recent precedent by unveiling a new leadership line-up without a clear successor. The extent to which he now dominates Chinese politics has prompted comparisons with Mao and fueled speculation he could seek to stay on in some capacity beyond the end of his customary second five years in power, in 2022. Xie Chuntao, the director of the Central Party School s academic department, said the  respect and love  ordinary Chinese felt for Xi was  natural  and  heartfelt  and bore no similarities to a cult of personality.   The Chinese Communist Party has had a cult of personality before,  Xie told a news briefing.  This lesson has long been had, and I believe this will not recur.  The Central Party School is the training ground for top cadres and is influential in interpreting and disseminating party directives. Xi s official portrait on the People s Daily s front page, following the unveiling of the party s new top leadership last month, dwarfed a group photograph of the members of the Politburo Standing Committee. Since Deng Xiaoping introduced the concept of collective leadership three decades ago to ward off the rise of another Mao-like cult of personality, the official portraits of all newly-selected Politburo Standing Committee members have been presented together on the front page in a grid. Xie acknowledged the photo treatment was out of the ordinary, but said Xi deserved the prominence. He argued collective leadership still very much existed, albeit with a  larger individual role  for Xi.       It is an objective fact that he is a strong leader,  Xie said.  If there isn t someone with the trust of the people and strong ability ... then i think it s hard to do anything well.  ",1
15595,Iraqcourt rules no region can secede after Kurdish independence bid,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq s Supreme Federal Court ruled on Monday that no region or province can secede, strengthening the government s hand as it seeks to prevent a repeat of September s Kurdish independence vote. The ruling was a response to a request from the central government in Baghdad to put an end to any  wrong misinterpretation  of the constitution and assert the unity of Iraq, a court spokesman said. Soon after, Iraqi PM Haider al-Abadi urged the northern semi-autonomous Kurdish region to abide by the court s decision.   We call on the region to clearly state its commitment to non-separation or independence from Iraq,  he said in a statement. There was no immediate reaction from Kurdish authorities. Iraq s Kurds voted overwhelmingly to break away from Iraq in a referendum held on Sept. 25, defying the central government in Baghdad as well as neighboring Turkey and Iran who have their own Kurdish minorities. Iraqi government forces and the Iran-backed Popular Mobilisation Forces launched a surprise offensive on Oct. 16 in retaliation. Government forces managed to wrest back control of the oil city of Kirkuk and other disputed territories. Abadi said the government was now  taking the necessary measures to impose federal authorities  without going into further details. Baghdad was committed to  preserving Iraq s unity and preventing any attempt for separation,  he added. The ruling would strengthen Abadi s hand in future dealings with the Kurds, said Ahmed Younis, a Baghdad-based constitutional expert.    The court ruling has put an end to the Kurdish attempt to breakaway from Iraq,  he added. The court is responsible for settling disputes between Iraq s central government and the country s regions and provinces, including Kurdistan. Its decisions are final and mandatory for all parties according to the constitution, however it has no mechanism to enforce its ruling in the Kurdish region. Earlier on Monday, the Kurdish region s Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani reiterated his call to resolve its issues with the central government through dialogue and not through force.  ",1
15596,China slams Indian minister's visit to disputed border region,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China on Monday criticized a visit by India s defense minister to the remote state of Arunachal Pradesh, which China claims, saying it would complicate efforts by both sides to maintain peace along the disputed border region. The latest row over Arunachal Pradesh in the eastern Himalayas that China claims as southern Tibet suggests the neighbors remain far apart, despite recent attempts to defuse tension.    On Sunday, Indian Defence Minister Nirmala Sitharaman took stock of defense preparedness in Arunachal Pradesh along the Line of Actual Control,  the de facto, but disputed, border between the two countries. Sitharaman also tweeted pictures of her visit, including her meeting with Indian army officers. China lashed back on Monday.  An Indian official going to a disputed region on the China- India border will perhaps make the issue even more complex, and is not beneficial to efforts by both parties to maintain peace and tranquillity on the border,  Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said. India s foreign ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment. In the past, New Delhi has reacted strongly to any attempts challenging its sovereignty over Arunachal. China and India have tried to develop two-ways ties in recent years but there is still deep distrust over the border dispute. In April, China slammed India s decision to host Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama in the region, saying it could cause serious damage to relations. China hoped India could meet it half-way to resolve their differences, Hua said.  We hope India can work with China to continue to use talks to appropriately resolve the border issue via negotiation and create good conditions and atmosphere,  she added.   ",1
15597,China releases draft law to expand power of new anti-graft body,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s legislature on Monday released the first public draft of a law giving a nascent super-ministry powers to detain, investigate and punish public servants, widening President Xi Jinping s signature war on graft.   A National Supervision Commission that combines several anti-graft bodies, set to be launched next year, will spearhead Xi s campaign and expand its scope beyond the ruling Communist Party to any civil servant. At last month s five-yearly party congress, Xi pledged to continue the campaign to root out deep-seated corruption in the party, which has ensnared more than 1.3 million officials. The public has a deadline of Dec. 5 to comment on the draft, but the largely rubber-stamp legislature did not say when the final law would be implemented. The new commission will be empowered to investigate, interrogate and detain government workers, besides freezing their assets and seizing property, the draft released by the parliament, the National People s Congress, shows. The new law would further centralize the power of anti-graft investigations and apply to bureaucrats, including teachers at government schools and managers at state-owned enterprises. The draft gave new details of a detention system to replace a controversial practice of questioning suspects at undisclosed sites without legal representation, known as  shuanggui , which rights activists say carries the threat of torture and abuse. The new measures can be used when the case is  major  or  sensitive , when a subject is at risk of fleeing or suicide, when there is danger of collusion or evidence tampering or  other forms of obstruction to the investigation, the draft said. Detained suspects must sign off on all confessions and their family or work unit should be notified within 24 hours, it added, with a three-month limit on the interrogation that can be doubled in  special circumstances , which it did not specify. The draft includes measures to monitor the finances of those suspected of graft, to avoid their fleeing overseas. Separately, the Party s official People s Daily on Monday provided frontpage details of trial commissions launched in January in the capital, Beijing, and the eastern province of Zhejiang and northern Shanxi. In Zhejiang, the commission handled than 24,000 cases from January to August, more than double the number handled by the authorities during the year-ago period, Xinhua said. In Shanxi, the total number of people overseen by anti-graft authorities jumped to 530,000 from 131,500, it said. ",1
15598,Taiwan hopes to find 'natural way' to engage with China's Xi at APEC,"TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan hopes to find a  natural way  to exchange views with Chinese President Xi Jinping at a summit of Asia-Pacific leaders that starts in Vietnam this week, the self-ruled island s envoy to the meeting said on Monday. Relations between Beijing and Taipei have nosedived since President Tsai Ing-wen was elected last year. China believes she wants formal independence for Taiwan, a red line for Beijing. For her part, Tsai says she wants to maintain peace with China but will defend Taiwan s democracy and security. China regards Taiwan as its sovereign territory. China has suspended a regular dialogue mechanism with Taiwan, stepped up military drills around the island and boosted diplomatic pressure by siphoning off its remaining diplomatic allies. Speaking to reporters before leaving for Vietnam, Taiwan s APEC envoy James Soong said Tsai had both pointed out to him and said publicly that Taiwan was willing to engage with China.  Moreover, we also need to say that both sides of the Taiwan Strait should have some constructive dialogue,  Soong said.   President Tsai has clearly said to us to use a natural way with Xi Jinping at this APEC meeting to have the opportunity to exchange views,  he added, without elaborating on how the two might meet. At the last APEC summit in the Peruvian capital of Lima, Xi and Soong chatted briefly on the sidelines, but had no formal bilateral meeting. The China-born Soong heads the China-friendly People First Party, has met Xi twice before and has visited China. He referred to his past meetings with Xi and also Tsai s recent reiteration that peace and sincerity should mark engagement by both sides.  I will have the opportunity to express this view again to the other side,  Soong said. China has not said if Xi plans to meet Soong. Asked last week about the possibility of a Xi-Soong meeting, Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Li Baodong would say only that China hoped Taiwan s  activities  at APEC would accord with the grouping s rules and not affect the summit.  Despite Taiwan s lack of diplomatic recognition from the vast majority of countries, APEC allows the island to participate as a separate economic, rather than political, entity. In 2013, Xi told Taiwan s envoy at an APEC summit in Indonesia that a political solution for Taiwan could not wait forever. ",1
15599,Philippines to keep wary eye on new Chinese dredger,"MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines expressed concern on Monday about China s testing of a massive dredging ship, saying it would track its activities closely, despite Beijing s assurances it would not develop areas where it has competing claims with Manila. China, which has poured billions of dollars into building artificial islands to strengthen its sovereignty claims across most of the South China Sea, has started testing a new ship designed to boost its land reclamation capability.  The mere presence is a little bit concerning,  Defence Secretary Delfin Lorenzana told reporters.  Where it is going, we do not know.  Military officials said the ship, Tian Kun, had a deck the size of nine basketball courts and would become Asia s largest dredging vessel. China claims almost the entire South China Sea, through which more than $3 trillion of seaborne trade passes each year. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam also have conflicting claims in the area. Lorenzana said troops deployed on nine Philippine-claimed features in the South China Sea had been ordered to monitor the movements of Chinese navy, coastguard and fishing boats in the Spratly islands.  We are constantly monitoring the movement of the ship,  he added.  We have also our air patrol going regularly, so we will be able to monitor movement of this so-called very big dredger ship.  The testing of the dredger comes ahead of two major  international meetings in Vietnam and the Philippines this week and the next, set to be attended by China and the United States.  In August, the foreign ministers of Southeast Asia and China adopted a negotiating framework for a code of conduct in the South China Sea, a move they hailed as progress but which critics saw as a tactic to buy China time to consolidate its maritime power. All parties say the framework is only an outline for how the code will be established, but critics say the failure to outline as an initial objective the need to make the code legally binding and enforceable, or have a dispute resolution mechanism, raises doubts about how effective it will be. In Beijing, Chinese Assistant Foreign Minister Chen Xiaodong said talks on the framework had achieved important progress and there would be results at the Manila summit of Southeast Asian nations, attended by Chinese Premier Li Keqiang.  Whether the code is binding, or how it would be binding, and what the code looks like in its final form, depends on the outcome of the talks between China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations,  Chen told reporters.  It can t be decided by a single party.  Chinese President Xi Jinping will attend the other meeting, of Asia-Pacific leaders in Vietnam. ",1
15600,Bangladesh police arrest militant suspected of killing U.S. blogger,"DHAKA (Reuters) - Bangladeshi counter-terrorism police said on Monday they had arrested an Islamist militant wanted for the 2015 killing of a U.S. blogger critical of religious extremism. The militant, identified as Abu Siddiq Sohel, 34, a member of the al Qaeda-inspired militant group Ansar Ullah Bangla Team, is suspected of taking part in the killing of writer Avijit Roy, deputy police commissioner Masudur Rahman said. Roy, a U.S. citizen of Bangladeshi origin, was hacked to death by machete-wielding attackers in February 2015 while returning home with his wife from a Dhaka book fair. Roy s widow, Rafida Ahmed, was maimed in the attack. Sohel, who was identified after analyzing CCTV footage, was arrested in the capital, Dhaka, on Sunday night, Rahman told Reuters. Bangladesh, a deeply religious but moderate Muslim-majority country of 160 million people, is struggling to control attacks by Islamist groups on secular bloggers, atheists, foreigners and religious minorities. The most serious recent attack came in July 2016, when gunmen stormed a restaurant in the diplomatic quarter of Dhaka and killed 22 people, most of them foreigners. Al Qaeda and Islamic State have also claimed responsibility for a series of killings over the past few years, including Roy s. Authorities have consistently ruled out the presence of such groups, blaming domestic militants instead. However, security experts say the scale and sophistication of the restaurant attack suggested links to a wider network.        ",1
15601,Saudi king receives ex-Lebanon PM Hariri in Riyadh,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi King Salman received former Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri in Riyadh on Monday following his resignation, Saudi media reported. Hariri announced his resignation on Saturday from Riyadh, saying he believed there was an assassination plot against him and accusing Iran, Saudi Arabia s arch-rival, and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah of sowing strife in the Arab world.  King Salman met the resigned Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri a short while ago,  a presenter on Saudi-owned al-Arabiya television said. Hariri s resignation toppled a coalition government that included Shi ite Muslim group Hezbollah, thrusting Lebanon back into the frontline of the Saudi-Iranian regional rivalry and risking an open-ended political crisis. State news agency SPA carried pictures of Hariri and King Salman greeting each other and then sitting together in a palatial setting. Hariri s surprise resignation in a televised speech aired on al-Arabiya TV had drawn criticism and was met with controversy in Beirut. Some have even questioned whether Hariri s resignation was voluntary. Lebanese Justice Minister Salim Jreissati said on Monday that Lebanon s president would not take any steps regarding Hariri s resignation before Hariri returns from abroad, stressing that  the resignation must be voluntary.  President Michel Aoun said earlier on Monday that political leaders had been responsive to calls for calm, strengthening security and national unity after Hariri s shock resignation. ",1
15602,U.S. investigates reports of civilian casualties in Afghanistan,"KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan and U.S. military authorities are investigating reports that as many as 13 civilians were killed in an operation in the northern region of Kunduz, officials said on Monday, but details remain sketchy three days after the incident. There were conflicting reports of the casualty numbers in Friday s incident in the district of Chahardara outside Kunduz. A local council member said 13 people were killed, but a spokesman for the provincial governor said it was just one. However, the incident underlines the risk of increased civilian casualties from the recent U.S. decision to step up air strikes and special forces operations in Afghanistan to break a stalemate with Taliban militants.  There is a need for a proper investigation to prove these allegations and we will launch it soon,  Ghulam Qader Akbari, the governor of Chahardara, said on Monday. On Saturday, the NATO-led Resolute Support mission in Kabul confirmed the incident had occurred in Kunduz and said an investigation had begun, but gave no details.  We are aware of allegations regarding the potential for civilian casualties as the result of a combined operation in northern Afghanistan,  Resolute Support spokesman Capt Tom Gresback said in a statement.  Resolute Support takes all allegations of civilian casualties and the responsibility of human life seriously, and is assessing the facts surrounding this incident.  Khosh Bawar Nasratyar, a member of the local provincial council, said 13 people had been killed by U.S. airstrikes in the district. But Nematullah Temor, a spokesman for the provincial governor, said only one civilian had been killed and six wounded when coalition forces hit a car taking people to the villages of Ghar O Qeshlaq and Qatl-e-Am to evacuate Taliban casualties. He said other reports of civilian casualties were  untrue and baseless . Afghan Special Forces said 48 insurgents had been killed in Chahardara but denied any civilian casualties, saying the area had been evacuated before the operation. But graphic pictures purporting to show the aftermath of the incident, and unconfirmed reports that as many as 60 people had been killed, were widely shared on social media, highlighting the risk that public opinion could turn decisively against the government over the issue. The most recent United Nations civilian casualty figures, released last month, show air strikes drove a rise of 52 percent in the first nine months of 2017, to 205 killed and 261 injured, versus the corresponding period last year. Former President Hamid Karzai, who clashed bitterly with the United States over civilian casualties when he was in power, condemned the incident, but there was no comment from the government of President Ashraf Ghani. ",1
15603,China urges France to protect Chinese tourists after group of 40 robbed,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China urged France on Monday to take more effective measures to ensure the safety of its nationals visiting the country, after a group of 40 Chinese tourists was tear-gassed and robbed in Paris. Attacks on Chinese, Japanese and Korean tourists are relatively frequent in the French capital, as robbers believe they carry large sums in cash and their luggage is stuffed with expensive products. Four men targeted the Chinese travelers in the parking lot of their hotel in the Val-de-Marne suburb southeast of Paris on Thursday, on their return from a city tour, the state-run Xinhua news agency said, citing French media. The assailants stole nine bags thought to be filled with luxury goods, it said on Sunday. China s embassy in France had contacted police and told them to  crack the case , Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told a news briefing, adding that Chinese visitors should be alert to the security situation.  We will urge French police to crack this case as soon as they can and bring the criminals to justice, and take even more effective measures to ensure the safety of Chinese citizens in France,  Hua said. She said the tour group had already returned to China, and the case was still being investigated. In August 2016, 27 Chinese tourists were assaulted by six men who boarded a bus that was to take them to Paris  Charles de Gaulle airport. Paris is on track this year to welcome more tourists than ever before, the city s tourist board said in August, a recovery from a lull following Islamist attacks in November 2015 that killed 130 people. Chinese travelers spent $261 billion overseas last year, making them a key demographic for retailers and hotel chains around the world. But growth in Chinese outbound tourism is slowing, with attacks in Europe, instability on the Korean peninsula and political uncertainty in the United States prompting some Chinese to opt instead for domestic trips. ",1
15604,"South Korea imposes sanctions on 18 North Koreans, a day before Trump visit","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea imposed unilateral sanctions on 18 North Koreans on Monday, barring any financial transactions between those sanctioned and any South Koreans, as part of international efforts to dry up Pyongyang s illegal cash flows. All 18 individuals on which the South Korean sanctions were imposed were directly affiliated to North Korean banks, according to an official government announcement by the finance minister uploaded on the Interior Ministry s website.  They are all people at North Korean financial institutions that have already been sanctioned by the United Nations,  a government official directly involved in the sanction development process told Reuters. The official asked for anonymity as he was not authorized to speak to media.   They re high-ranking employees who have been linked to North Korea s nuclear and missile development program as well as the North s foreign exchange procurement efforts.   We aim to encourage people to avoid problematic transactions with North Korea (through these sanctions) and to exercise caution with North Korea-related transactions in general,  said Unification Ministry spokesman Baek Tae-hyun in a regular media briefing.  We expect this will contribute to blocking North Korea s main sources of foreign exchange and its developing of weapons of mass destruction.  The announcement came a day ahead of U.S. President Donald Trump s visit to South Korea as part of his 12-day Asia tour, where he is expected to discuss North Korea s nuclear and missile program at length with government officials here.  When asked on the timing of the announcement, government officials denied it was tied to Trump s visit to Seoul. Despite the announcement, the sanctions are expected to have little impact on North Korea s illegal activities to fund its weapons program as all trade and financial exchanges have been barred since May 2010 following the torpedoing of a South Korean warship by North Korea. Those named were: Kang Min, Ko Chol Man, Ku Ja Hyong, Kim Kyong Il, Kim Tong Chol, Kim Sang Ho, Kim Jong Man, Kim Hyok Chol, Ri Un Song, Ri Chun Song, Ri Chun Hwan, Mun Kyong Hwan, Park Mun Il, Pak Bong Nam, Pang Su Nam, Pae Won Uk, Chu Hyok and Choe Sok Min. According to the announcement 14 of those named were based in China, two were based in Libya while the remaining two were based in Russia. The institutions the 18 were affiliated with were Korea Daesong Bank, Foreign Trade Bank of the Democratic People s Republic of Korea, Korea United Development Bank, Bank of East Land and ILSIM International Bank.  As of the announcement on Monday, South Korea had North Korea sanctions imposed on 97 individuals. ",1
15605,Only one in seven Catalan see dispute with Madrid ending in independence: poll,"MADRID (Reuters) - Just one in seven people from Catalonia believe the current standoff between Barcelona and Madrid will end in independence for the region while more than two thirds think the process has been bad for the economy, a survey showed on Monday.  Spain s central government took control of the region after local leaders staged a poll on secession, slated as illegal by the Constitutional Court, and then passed a unilateral declaration of independence through the parliament. In response, Spain s Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy fired the government, stripped the region of its autonomous status and called a regional election for Dec. 21. On Sunday, the first part of the GAD3 survey showed that pro-independence parties would win the election but may not gain the parliamentary majority needed to continue with secession. Fifteen percent said they believed the process would end in an independent state, according to part two of survey of 1,233 people conducted between Oct. 30 and Nov. 3 and published in La Vanguard newspaper on Monday.  Optimism that a negotiated solution would be found was low, with just over a fifth thinking the crisis would lead to talks  between regional authorities and Madrid.  The push for independence has dragged Spain in to its worst political crisis since its return to democracy four decades ago and has deeply divided the country, fuelling anti-Spanish feelings in Catalonia and nationalist tendencies elsewhere.  The uncertainty has prompted more than 2,000 companies to relocate their legal headquarters out of the region since Oct. 1, while the Bank of Spain said if the conflict persists it could lead to slower growth and job creation.  According to the poll, 67 percent said they believed the process had hurt the economy and almost 40 percent said the company exodus would have a negative affect on growth in the short term. ",1
15606,"Families of Japanese abducted by North Korea meet Trump, but want action","TOKYO (Reuters) - Family members of Japanese abducted by North Korea met U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday and welcomed his sympathy for their  very sad  plight, but said it meant nothing unless it led to action to bring home their loved ones. Trump has incorporated into his attacks on Pyongyang the story of Megumi Yokota, 13 when she was snatched off a lonely beach by North Korean agents 40 years ago, mentioning her in a September speech at the United Nations. For his part, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said he will not rest until the return of all 13 of those Pyongyang says were kidnapped in the 1970s and 1980s to train spies, making the issue a keystone of his political career. On Monday, Trump met Megumi s mother Sakie, becoming the third president to do so, as well as the relatives of seven other abductees Pyongyang says are dead - like Megumi, who hanged herself, North Korea says.  We ll work together and see if we can do something, now the spotlight is on,  Trump later told a joint news conference with Abe, calling the abductions a  very, very sad thing .  Perhaps the regime itself would send them back. I think it would be a tremendous signal if Kim Jong Un would send them back.  Megumi s mother and younger twin brothers were later part of a news conference that welcomed Trump s attention, although cautiously, with several members saying decades had passed and nothing had been done, even by Abe s government.  It seemed the president listened carefully to all our stories and was impressed,  said Koichiro Iizuka, an infant abandoned in a creche when his mother, Yaeko Taguchi, was abducted in 1978.  But if this is all that comes of this meeting, it s absolutely outrageous,  he added.  It s how we face the previous neglect and take action that s important.  The families can do little, said Megumi s mother, now 81 and visibly frail.  This is an issue of politics, of diplomacy,  she said.  All we can say is: please help them.  ",1
15607,"Trump, Abe didn't discuss bilateral FTA: Japan spokesman","TOKYO (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe did not discuss a bilateral free trade agreement (FTA) at their summit meeting on Monday, a senior Japanese government spokesman said. Japanese Deputy Chief Cabinet Secretary Yasutoshi Nishimura made the comment to reporters after the meeting between the two leaders. In recent economic dialogue between Japan and the United States, Tokyo has been pushing back against U.S. calls to open talks for a bilateral FTA. ",1
15608,Italy's 5-Star to battle right in runoff for Rome's beachfront,"ROME (Reuters) - Italy s anti-establishment 5-Star Movement narrowly won the first round of a vote to govern Ostia, one of Rome s largest neighborhoods, as the center-right surged, official results showed on Monday. Sunday s closely watched contest in the beachfront district comes more than a year after the 5-Star took control of Rome s city hall for the first time, winning two-thirds of the vote.  Five-Star candidate Giuliana Di Pillo won just over 30 percent of the vote compared with almost 27 percent for Monica Picca, who headed a coalition that included Silvio Berlusconi s Forza Italia and the far-right Brothers of Italy party. The two will face each other in a runoff to be held on Nov. 19. The ruling center-left Democratic Party, which came in second to the 5-Star in Rome last year, won less than 14 percent of the vote, while far-right parties gained ground.  The neo-fascist, anti-immigrant Casapound party, which is not part of the center-right coalition, garnered 9 percent against just 1.8 percent last time around. The previous center-left administration for the capital s seaside borough, which has more than 230,000 inhabitants, was dissolved two years ago after police said it had fallen under the influence of organized crime. The Ostia vote took place on the same day as a regional vote in Sicily that appeared to signal a comeback for Berlusconi s center-right coalition, with the 5-Star trailing marginally, according to projections on Monday morning. ",1
15609,PM May's deputy denies report pornography was found on office computer,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May s most senior minister has denied an allegation that police found pornography on one of his computers in the Houses of Parliament in 2008 as the British government struggles to contain a scandal about sexual harassment. First Secretary of State Damian Green said the claims by a former senior police officer in a Sunday newspaper were  completely untrue  and  political smears.   This story is completely untrue and comes from a tainted and untrustworthy source,  Green said in a statement on his Twitter page. The claims amount to  little more than an unscrupulous character assassination,  he said. The Sunday Times reported on its front page that former Metropolitan police assistant commissioner Bob Quick alleged the material was discovered by officers during an inquiry into government leaks in 2008. Quick, who was involved in the leak investigation, told the newspaper that officers had reported finding the  extreme  pornography on a parliamentary computer from Green s office. The claims against one of the prime minister s closest allies risks deepening a growing sexual harassment scandal that led Britain s defense minister Michael Fallon to resign last Wednesday. Fallon said his behavior has  fallen short  of the standards expected by the British military. May s minority government is already struggling with divisions over Britain s departure from the European Union.  Britain s interior minister Amber Rudd said the issue would be investigated by the Cabinet Office on Monday and she denied the government was on the verge of collapse if Green resigned. Rudd said Britain needed to address allegations of sexual harassment in the corridors of power.      It is something that will take place, in terms of clearing out Westminster of that sort of behavior, and Westminster, including the government, will be better off after it,  she said.  Green, 61, has also denied a previous allegation that he made an inappropriate sexual advance on a young woman. He said it was not true that he had touched the woman s knee and told her that his  wife was very understanding  during a meeting in a pub in which the pair discussed her career aspirations and gossiped about sexual affairs in parliament. ",1
15610,Trump greets Japanese emperor with a handshake and nod - but no bow,"TOKYO (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump greeted Japanese Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko on Monday with a genteel handshake and nod, but no bow, avoiding the pitfall of U.S. President Barack Obama who was criticized at home for his deep bow to the monarch. Trump, wearing a suit and tie and his wife, Melania, in a long, dark blue dress, were met at the palace entrance by the royal couple, who were both wearing suits. Trump smiled, shook hands and nodded at the 83-year-old emperor before greeting Michiko as well. The four entered the palace where they chatted through interpreters in footage aired live on television, but without sound as is customary. After the meeting, Trump shook hands again, and tapped the emperor s arm repeatedly with his left hand.  Thank you for the great meeting , he told Akihito.  I m sure we will meet again . Obama came under fire after meeting the emperor in Tokyo in 2009 for what his critics back home said was bowing too low to Akihito. Some U.S. commentators said the U.S. president should not lower his head before foreign monarchs. Akihito has spent much of his reign working to heal the wounds of World War II, which was waged across Asia in his father s name, Emperor Hirohito. Obama also faced criticism from a different quarter - etiquette experts - who noted he combined a bow with an handshake, which is not done in Japan traditionally, whether meeting the emperor or anyone else. Japanese guests are not supposed to touch the royal couple or shake hands, but foreign guests often do. Hillary Clinton shook hands and air-kissed the empress on both cheeks, then took her hand as they entered the palace when she met the royal pair as secretary of state in 2011, a month or so after the triple disasters of an earthquake, tsunami and nuclear meltdown hit northeastern Japan in March of that year. Traditionalists say that Japan s Chrysanthemum throne dates back more than 2,000 years. Akihito was the first royal heir in the Japanese imperial family to marry a commoner   a symbol of Japan s new modernity and confidence. Japan earlier this year enacted a law clearing the way for Akihito, to step down, clearing the way for the first abdication by a Japanese monarch in nearly two centuries and the accession of his son, Crown Prince Naruhito in late 2018 early 2019. Akihito s father, Emperor Hirohito, was considered divine until after Japan s defeat in World War Two. The current emperor is defined by the constitution as a symbol of the people, and has no political authority although he is widely respected. ",1
15611,China hopes all sides' words and actions reduce tension on Korean peninsula,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Monday that it hopes all sides  words and actions can help reduce tensions on the Korean peninsula, after Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Japan would shoot down North Korean missiles if necessary. Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying made the comment at a regular news briefing.  ",1
15612,Australian PM to force lawmakers to declare citizenship to end political crisis,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull announced plans on Monday to force all lawmakers to declare they are not dual nationals as he seeks to defuse a political crisis that saw his deputy ejected from parliament.  Turnbull s center-right coalition government was thrown into disarray last month when the High Court ruled that five lawmakers who were dual nationals, including Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce, were ineligible for parliament. The Australian leader has been facing down calls since for a full audit of parliamentarians to ensure they comply with the country s constitution, which bars foreign nationals from sitting in parliament to prevent split allegiances.  The High Court ruling expelled three members of the Liberal-National coalition government from parliament, while a fourth resigned days later after confirming he also had dual nationality. The other affected lawmakers were from minority parties, with the main opposition Labor Party yet to be ensnared. Turnbull said his plan, unlike an audit, would put the onus on lawmakers to check their own situation and anybody found to have made a false declaration would be in contempt of parliament. Lawmakers will be required to produce documents to prove any second citizenship has been renounced.   Members and senators have been put squarely on notice now and so they will be turning their mind to their own affairs and the issues of citizenship,  Turnbull told reporters in Canberra. The new laws would apply to both existing and prospective lawmakers. Those already in parliament would be given 21 days to make a declaration from the date it comes into force, while new lawmakers would have the same period of time from their swearing in.  Turnbull said he hoped to push the changes through parliament in the last remaining sitting days this year. That will require support from the Labor Party, which suggested a similar plan last week.  Turnbull has said previously that the court s interpretation of the constitution was  very strict . He has flagged potential changes to the constitution, noting that more than half of Australia s population of 24 million was either born overseas or has a parent who was born overseas. A referendum would be needed to change the constitution. All seven lawmakers in the High Court case, two of whom were cleared to remain in parliament, accepted that they were dual nationals at the time of their election but claimed they were unaware of their status. Some were conferred a second nationality by birth, others by descent.  ",1
15613,Future Saudi king tightens grip on power with arrests including Prince Alwaleed,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s future king has tightened his grip on power through an anti-corruption purge by arresting royals, ministers and investors including billionaire Alwaleed bin Talal who is one of the kingdom s most prominent businessmen. Prince Alwaleed, a nephew of the king and owner of investment firm Kingdom Holding, invests in firms such as Citigroup and Twitter. He was among 11 princes, four ministers and tens of former ministers detained, three senior officials told Reuters on Sunday. The purge against the kingdom s political and business  elite also targeted the head of the National Guard, Prince Miteb bin Abdullah, who was detained and replaced as minister of the powerful National Guard by Prince Khaled bin Ayyaf. The allegations against Prince Alwaleed include money laundering, bribery and extorting officials, one official told Reuters, while Prince Miteb is accused of embezzlement, hiring ghost employees and awarding contracts to his own companies including a $10 billion deal for walkie talkies and bulletproof military gear worth billions of Saudi riyals.  The allegations could not be independently verified and members of the families of those detained could not be reached. News of the purge came soon after King Salman decreed late on Saturday the creation of an anti-corruption committee chaired by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, his 32-year-old favorite son who has amassed power since rising from obscurity three years ago. The new body was given broad powers to investigate cases, issue arrest warrants and travel restrictions, and seize assets.  The homeland will not exist unless corruption is uprooted and the corrupt are held accountable,  the royal decree said. Analysts said the arrests were another pre-emptive measure by the crown prince to remove powerful figures as he exerts control over the world s leading oil exporter. The roundup recalls the palace coup in June through which he ousted his elder cousin, Mohammed bin Nayef, as heir to the throne and interior minister. MbS, as he is known, was expected to follow at least by removing Prince Miteb from leadership of the National Guard, a pivotal power base rooted in the kingdom s tribes. Over the past year, MbS has become the ultimate decision-maker for the kingdom s military, foreign, economic and social policies, causing resentment among parts of the Al Saud dynasty frustrated by his meteoric rise. Saudi Arabia s stock index was dragged down briefly but recovered to close higher as some investors bet the crackdown could bolster reforms in the long run. The royal decree said the arrests were in response to  exploitation by some of the weak souls who have put their own interests above the public interest, in order to, illicitly, accrue money.  The line between public funds and royal money is not always clear in Saudi Arabia, an absolute monarchy ruled by an Islamic system in which most law is not systematically codified and no elected parliament exists. WikiLeaks cables have detailed the huge monthly stipends that every Saudi royal receives as well as various money-making schemes some have used to finance lavish lifestyles. Analysts said the purge aimed to go beyond corruption and aimed to remove potential opposition to Prince Mohammed s ambitious reform agenda, which is widely popular with Saudi Arabia s burgeoning youth population but faces resistance from some of the old guard more comfortable with the kingdom s traditions of incremental change and rule by consensus. In September, the king announced that a ban on women driving would be lifted, while Prince Mohammed is trying to break decades of conservative tradition by promoting public entertainment and visits by foreign tourists. The crown prince has also slashed state spending in some areas and plans a big sale of state assets, including floating part of state oil giant Saudi Aramco [IPO-ARMO.SE] on international markets. Prince Mohammed has also led Saudi Arabia into a two-year-old war in Yemen, where the government says it is fighting Iran-aligned militants, and a row with neighboring Qatar, which it accuses of backing terrorists, a charge Doha denies. Detractors of the crown prince say both moves are dangerous adventurism. The most recent crackdown breaks with the tradition of consensus within the ruling family, wrote James Dorsey, a senior fellow at Singapore s S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies.  Prince Mohammed, rather than forging alliances, is extending his iron grip to the ruling family, the military, and the National Guard to counter what appears to be more widespread opposition within the family as well as the military to his reforms and the Yemen war,  he said. Scholar Joseph Kechichian said the interests of the Al Saud dynasty, however, would remain protected.  Both King Salman and heir apparent Mohammed bin Salman are fully committed to them. What they wish to instill, and seem determined to execute, is to modernize the ruling establishment, not just for the 2030 horizon but beyond it too,  he said. Many ordinary Saudis praised the crackdown as long-awaited. A Saudi official said former Riyadh Governor Prince Turki bin Abdullah was detained on accusations of corruption in the Riyadh Metro project and taking advantage of his influence to award contracts to his own companies. Former Finance Minister Ibrahim al-Assaf, a board member of national oil giant Saudi Aramco, was also detained, accused of embezzlement related to the expansion of Mecca s Grand Mosque and taking advantage of his position and inside information to purchase lands, the official added. Other detainees include ousted Economy Minister Adel Fakieh, who once played a major role in drafting MbS  reforms, and Khalid al-Tuwaijiri, who headed the Royal Court under the late King Abdullah. People on Twitter applauded the arrests of certain ministers, with some comparing them to  the night of the long knives , a violent purge of political leaders in Nazi Germany in 1934. Bakr bin Laden, chairman of the big Saudi Binladin construction group, and Alwaleed al-Ibrahim, owner of the MBC television network, were also detained. At least some of the detainees were held at the opulent Ritz-Carlton hotel in the diplomatic quarter of Riyadh, said sources in contact with the government and guests whose plans had been disrupted. The hotel s exterior gate was shuttered on Sunday morning and guards turned away a Reuters reporter, saying it had been closed for security reasons, although private cars and ambulances were seen entering through a rear entrance. The hotel and an adjacent facility were the site of an international conference promoting Saudi Arabia as an investment destination just 10 days ago attended by at least one of those now being held for questioning. The detentions follow a crackdown in September on political opponents of Saudi Arabia s rulers that saw some 30 clerics, intellectuals and activists detained. Prince Alwaleed, a flamboyant character, has sometimes used his prominence as an investor to aim barbs at the kingdom s rulers.  In December 2015, he called then-U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump a  disgrace to all America  and demanded on Twitter that he withdraw from the election. Trump responded by tweeting:  Dopey Prince @Alwaleed_Talal wants to control our U.S. politicians with daddy s money. Can t do it when I get elected.  His father, Prince Talal, is considered one of the most vocal supporters of reform in the Al Saud family, having pressed for a constitutional monarchy decades ago. ",1
15614,Saudi's Al-Tayyar says work continues despite board member reportedly detained,"KHOBAR, Saudi Arabia (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s Al Tayyar Travel said on Monday that its business was continuing despite media reports that one of its non-executive board members had been detained.  The company named the board member as Nasser bin Aqeel al-Tayyar and said he had direct and indirect stakes in the company totaling 29.72 percent.  The company confirms the continuation of its business to serve the interests of its shareholders and customers,  it said in a stock exchange statement, without giving details or revealing why he was reportedly held. Saudi authorities have detained dozens of senior officials and businessmen in recent days in an anti-corruption probe. ",1
15615,Japan's Abe says time to exert maximum pressure on North Korea,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Monday it was time to exert maximum pressure on North Korea and he had agreed with U.S. President Donald Trump that China should play a bigger role in getting Pyongyang to give up its weapons programs. Speaking to reporters, he also said Japan supported Trump s position that all options are on the table when it comes to dealing with North Korea. Trump is in Tokyo on the second-day of an Asian swing during which North Korea and trade are expected to top the agenda. ",1
15616,"Saudi princes accused of bribery, embezzlement, money laundering: official","RIYADH (Reuters) - Bribery, embezzlement, money laundering and abuse of power are among the accusations leveled against dozens of Saudi princes, officials and businessmen detained in an anti-corruption probe, a Saudi official told Reuters on Monday. Eleven princes, four ministers and tens of former ministers were detained late on Saturday after King Salman decreed the creation of an anti-corruption committee chaired by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, his 32-year-old son who has amassed expansive powers over the past two years. The new body was given broad powers to investigate cases, issue arrest warrants and travel restrictions, and seize assets. The official said billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, a nephew of the king and owner of investment firm Kingdom Holding, faces allegations of money laundering, bribery and extorting officials. Prince Miteb bin Abdullah, who was removed as head of the powerful National Guard, is accused of embezzlement, hiring ghost employees and awarding contracts to his own companies, including a $10 billion deal for walkie-talkies and bulletproof military gear worth billions of Saudi royals. Former Riyadh Governor Prince Turki bin Abdullah is accused of corruption in the Riyadh Metro project and of taking advantage of his influence to award contracts to his own companies, the official said. Former Finance Minister Ibrahim al-Assaf, a board member of national oil giant Saudi Aramco, is accused of embezzlement related to the expansion of Mecca s Grand Mosque and taking advantage of his position and inside information to benefit from land deals, the official added. The accusations could not be independently verified. ",1
15617,China warns on overseas content after Springer Nature pulls some articles,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese distributors of overseas publications must verify that the content is legal in China, Beijing said late on Sunday, after a major western publisher blocked access to some content in the country citing local regulations. Springer Nature, which publishes science magazines Nature and Scientific American, said last week that it had pulled access to less than 1 percent of its articles in China, which it said was regrettable but necessary to avoid all content being blocked.  All publications imported into the Chinese market must accord with Chinese laws and regulations. The publications  import management company is responsible for carrying out content checks on publications,  the State Council Information Office, the Chinese government s information and propaganda arm, said in a faxed response to a request for comment sent by Reuters last Wednesday. The Chinese government made a similar statement after Britain s Cambridge University Press (CUP) in August removed and then reposted about 300 papers and book reviews published by the China Quarterly journal from its Chinese website. Under President Xi Jinping, Beijing has heightened censorship, tightened controls on the internet, and strengthened Communist Party authority over academia and other institutions. CUP s decision was originally taken at the request of the Chinese government, the publisher said at the time. CUP later reversed its decision after an outcry from academics who said the decision impinged upon academic freedom. Springer Nature in a statement last week denied that its decision to limit some content was a form of editorial censorship, saying that the move was local to China and was taken to comply with specific regulations as enforced by distributors. The publisher said that not complying would mean it ran the risk of being banned from distributing all content in China, which it said was not in the interests of its authors and customers or the wider scientific or academic communities. At least 1,000 Springer Nature articles had been blocked in China, containing sensitive key words like Taiwan, Tibet and Cultural Revolution, the Financial Times reported. One of Springer Nature s China distributors, the state-run China National Publications Import and Export (Group) Corp, did not immediately respond to a request for comment when contacted by Reuters on Monday. It was unclear if the decision by Springer Nature to block content followed a request by just one of its China distributors or a number of different distributors. It was also unclear whether the distributor request was made at the behest of the Chinese government. ",1
15618,Factbox: Prince Alwaleed's international and domestic investments,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia embarked on an anti-corruption purge on Sunday involving the arrest of royals, ministers and investors including billionaire Alwaleed bin Talal, one of the kingdom s most prominent businessmen. Eleven princes, four ministers and tens of former ministers were detained, two senior officials told Reuters.  Prince Alwaleed is a nephew of the king and owner of investment firm Kingdom Holding Co 4280.SE. The following is a list of entities in which he has holdings either through personal investment or via Kingdom Holding: Financial Services -Banque Saudi Fransi 1050.SE: 16.19 percent -Citigroup (C.N), *ownership percentage not known Technology -Apple Inc (AAPL.O), 5 percent  -Careem -Lyft  -Motorola Solutions Inc (MSI.N) -Twitter Inc (TWTR.N): 4.9 percent Consumer and retail -EBay Inc (EBAY.O) -Fashion Village Trading Company -Jingdong (JD.com): 2.2 percent -Saks Incorporated -Savola Group Company 2050.SE Publishing -Time Warner Inc (TWX.N) -Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA.O): 4.98 percent - News Corp (NWSA.O): Prince Alwaleed previously held a small stake, according to government filings. A News Corp spokesman said the company was unaware of any current holdings Entertainment -Euro Disney Petrochemicals -National Industrialisation Company 2060.SE: 6.23 percent Aviation -Parent company of Flynas: 34.08 percent Education -Kingdom Schools Healthcare -Medical Services Projects Company Private equity -Kingdom Africa Management Hotel Real Estate -Four Seasons, George V Hotel, Paris -The Plaza, New York -Savoy Hotel, London Hotel Management Companies -Fairmont Raffles Holding International -Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts -IFA Hotels and Resorts Co (IFAH.KW) -Kingdom Hotel Investments -M venpick Hotels and Resorts  Real Estate -Ballast Nedam -Canary Wharf (Songbird Estates) -Jeddah Economic Company -Kingdom Centre -Kingdom City -Kingdom Riyadh Land Source: Kingdom Holding website, Tadawul website, Reuters, Securities and Exchange Commission filings ",1
15619,Ex-Catalan leader Puigdemont freed with conditions in Belgium,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A Belgian judge has granted conditional release to sacked Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont and four of his ministers, and the group is scheduled to appear at court within 15 days, Belgian prosecutors said on Monday. Puigdemont, who turned himself in to Belgian police after Spain issued a European arrest warrant for rebellion and misuse of public funds, is barred from leaving Belgium without a judge s consent.  The next step in the proceedings is the appearance of the five defendants before the Chambre du Conseil within the next 15 days,  prosecutors said in a statement. ",1
15620,Niger Delta leader calls on Avengers to hold off oil attacks,"ABUJA (Reuters) - A key community leader from Nigeria s tense Delta oil-producing region called on militants on Sunday not to resume their attacks until they had further time to negotiate their demands with the government.  Chief Edwin Clark, who leads the Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF), which has been holding peace talks with the government since last year, called on the Niger Delta Avengers militant group to  be patient.  The Avengers, whose attacks last year wrought havoc on the nation s oil output, promised on Friday a  brutish, brutal and bloody  return to violence because they said they had  lost faith  in local leaders to get what they wanted from the government.  This is not  the time to resume hostilities,  Clark said in a statement issued by the Presidential Amnesty Programme.  It is true that the federal government has not been quite serious about the negotiations, but we are asking the Niger Delta Avengers to maintain the peace.   He added that PANDEF was sending a delegation to meet the group s leaders.  The Avengers, like many in the Niger Delta, say they want a greater share of Nigeria s energy wealth to stay in the impoverished swampland region, which produces the bulk of the oil but is largely underdeveloped.  The statement came after a government delegation led by Brigadier General Paul Boroh, special adviser to the president on the Niger Delta, visited Clark at his Abuja home on Sunday. Clark said Boroh assured him that the talks were  back on track , and that PANDEF leaders would meet soon in Warri. The 2016 attacks slashed oil output to close to 1 million barrels per day from roughly 2.2 million bpd. That along with low oil prices pushed the nation into its first recession in 25 years.  ",1
15621,Berlusconi's center-right leads narrowly in Sicily election: exit polls,"PALERMO, Italy (Reuters) - Silvio Berlusconi s center-right coalition on Sunday looked set to win by a narrow margin a regional vote in Sicily seen as a crucial test of national trends ahead of forthcoming parliamentary elections, exit polls suggested. The Sicilian vote could mark a striking comeback for the 81-year-old four-times prime minister, whose candidate was predicted to have beaten off a tough challenge from the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement. The center-left, led by Matteo Renzi s ruling Democratic Party, looked certain to finish a distant third after internal feuding wrecked its chances of retaining power on the Mediterranean island that it had governed since 2012. RAI state television said Nello Musumeci, backed by center-right parties, including Berlusconi s Forza Italia (Go Italy!), would win between 35 percent and 39 percent of the vote. The 5-Star s Giancarlo Cancelleri was seen taking between 33 and 37 percent. Another exit poll for private broadcaster La 7 put Musumeci on 36-40 percent and Cancelleri on 34-38 percent. The center-left s Fabrizio Micari was seen 20 points behind the frontrunner in both surveys, followed by Claudio Fava, the candidate of a cluster of left-wing parties. The vote count will begin on Monday at 8 a.m (0700 GMT) and Musumeci s lead is inside the pollsters  margin of error. The national election, to be held by May at the latest, is almost certain to produce a hung parliament, polls suggest, but a resurgent center-right coalition with Berlusconi at the forefront looks set to win most votes and seats. The billionaire media tycoon was widely written off after being expelled from public office following a tax fraud conviction in 2013, but he returned to the political fray after open heart surgery last year and campaigned actively in Sicily. The regional election looks like being a set-back for 5-Star. Its new leader, 31-year-old Luigi Di Maio, had campaigned tirelessly in Sicily since the summer as the maverick movement tried to win control of its first Italian region. Nonetheless 5-Star, which leads most national opinion polls, still won far more votes than any other single party in Sicily, with the second-placed group, Forza Italia, seen taking less than half as many ballots. The weak showing for the center-left piles more pressure on PD leader and former Prime Minister Renzi, whose party has splintered following a raft of vote setbacks in recent years. Sicily is one of Europe s poorest regions and is notorious in Italy for its bloated public payrolls, wasteful administration, corruption and organized crime. [nL8N1JH57F]  Unemployment stands at over 22 percent, twice the national average, and youth unemployment is at 57.2 percent, compared with some 36 percent nationally. Immigration was also a hot button issue in the election campaign as the island has become the first port of call for hundreds of thousands of migrants crossing the Mediterranean from Libya in recent years. Turnout in the election was low, just 36.4 percent at 7 p.m, three hours before polls closed, down from 37.7 percent at the same time in the last regional ballot in 2012, when the final tally was a record low of 47.4 percent. 5-Star officials said before the vote that a low turnout may hurt them because their loose party structure means they lack the organization and resources to get supporters to the polls. 5-Star has around 28 percent of support nationally, according to opinion polls, slightly ahead of the PD. The center-right bloc is made up of Berlusconi s conservative Forza Italia and the anti-immigrant Northern League, each with about 14 percent of the national vote, flanked by the far-right Brothers of Italy on around 5 percent. ",1
15622,Saudi-led coalition calls missile 'dangerous escalation' of Yemen conflict,"RIYADH (Reuters) - A Saudi-led coalition accused Yemen s Houthi militia of a  dangerous escalation  on Sunday after Saudi air defense forces intercepted a ballistic missile fired towards Riyadh. Saudi Arabia also announced financial rewards for information leading to the arrest of 40 leaders it said were responsible for  planning, implementing and supporting the Houthi terrorist group s various terrorist activities . The bounties topped out at $30 million for the armed group s leader, Abdel-Malek al-Houthi, the state news agency reported. The missile was brought down on Saturday evening near King Khaled International Airport on the northern outskirts of the capital and did not cause any casualties.      The Houthis  dangerous escalation came because of Iranian support,  coalition spokesman Colonel Turki al-Maliki said in a televised news conference. Rocket launch vehicles used to fire the missile were made in Iran, he added. Saudi Arabia and its allies accuse arch-foe Iran of supplying missiles and other weapons to the Houthis, saying the arms were not present in Yemen before the conflict began in 2015. Iran denies the charges and blames the conflict on Riyadh. Yemen s civil war pits the internationally recognized government, backed by Saudi Arabia and its allies, against the Houthis and forces loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh. The war has already killed more than 10,000 and displaced millions, with around 500,000 cholera cases reported in the country since the worst outbreak in decades started in April. The Saudi-led coalition s statement on Sunday echoed accusations by U.S. President Donald Trump, who described the missile as  a shot just taken by Iran  against Saudi Arabia. The head of Iran s Revolutionary Guard Corps dismissed Trump s comments as slander. French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said on Sunday the missile launch by Houthi rebels showed there was a danger of ballistic proliferation across the region. Saudi Arabia has signaled its intention to buy separate air defense systems from the United States and Russia. ",1
15623,Center-right leads narrowly in Sicily regional vote: exit polls,"PALERMO, Italy (Reuters) - Silvio Berlusconi s center-right coalition has a narrow lead over the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement in Sicilian regional elections held on Sunday, according to exit polls, with the center-left a distant third. The election to pick a new regional governor on the Mediterranean island is widely seen as a test of trends across Italy ahead of parliamentary elections due by next May. RAI state television said Nello Musumeci, backed by center-right parties, including former Prime Minister Berlusconi s Forza Italia (Go Italy!), would win between 35 percent and 39 percent of the vote. The 5-Star s Giancarlo Cancelleri was seen taking between 33-37 percent. Another exit poll for private broadcaster La 7 put Musumeci on 36-40 percent and Cancelleri on 34-38 percent. The center-left s candidate Fabrizio Micari, backed by the ruling Democratic Party, was seen almost 20 points behind the frontrunner in both polls, followed by Claudio Fava, the candidate of a cluster of left-wing parties. The vote count will not begin until Monday at 8 a.m (0700 GMT) with the full result expected later that day. ",1
15624,Thousands of Romanians protest ruling party's judicial overhaul plans,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Thousands of Romanians were protesting in the capital Bucharest and cities across the country on Sunday against plans by the ruling Social Democrats to overhaul judicial legislation. The plans, initially announced by the justice minister in August and currently in under debate in parliament, could put the judicial system under political control in one of the European Union s most corrupt states.  Thousands of magistrates, centrist President Klaus Iohannis, the European Commission and diplomats have all expressed concern about the proposed legal changes. An estimated 12,000 people were marching towards parliament in Bucharest on Sunday shouting  We don t want to be a nation of thieves .  Thousands more were protesting across the country. The ruling Social Democrat Party has said it aims to approve the judicial overhaul by the end of this parliamentary session. The most contested changes include overhauling a judicial inspection unit, which oversees magistrates  conduct and the way in which chief prosecutors are appointed.   Earlier this year, attempts by the ruling coalition to weaken a crackdown on high-level corruption triggered Romania s largest street protests in decades. Judicial and fiscal changes have dominated the Social Democrats  agenda since coming to power following an election last December. Plans to significantly overhaul the country s taxes have put pressure on Romanian assets. The president and major investors  associations have urged the government to scrap the changes which they have said will throw the economy into upheaval and strain the budget deficit. A major trade union has started the process of calling a general strike and other unions have announced protests set for later this month. The government postponed a meeting to discuss the fiscal changes until Nov. 6. ",1
15625,Congo sets presidential election for December 2018,"KINSHASA, (Reuters) - Congo s electoral commission announced on Sunday that long-awaited presidential elections to replace President Joseph Kabila would take place on December 23, 2018. Around 43 million voters have been registered for the vote so far, Corneille Nangaa told a news conference in Democratic Republic of Congo s capital, Kinshasa. The election will be held on December 23, 2018, with the results to be published on January 9, 2019, and the president to be sworn in on January 13, another official from the Independent Electoral Commission (CENI), Jean Pierre Kalamba, told the same news conference. The election, originally scheduled for late 2016, has been repeatedly delayed. Those delays have triggered unrest and raised fears the central African nation could slip back into the conflicts that killed millions around the turn of the century, mostly from hunger and disease. The electoral commission had said last month that the presidential vote could not take place until April 2019 at the earliest, and the opposition had warned that the population would  take matters into its own hands . Opposition leaders reacted furiously to the new date.  The predatory regime wants to prolong the instability and misery of the people. We do not accept this fantasy calendar,  exiled opposition leader Moise Katumbi tweeted. Civil society activist organization Lucha on Twitter also condemned the announcement. Dozens died in protests against Kabila s refusal to step down at the end of his constitutional mandate last December.  U.S. envoy Nikki Haley said during a visit to meet with Kabila last month that the vote must happen in 2018 or it will lose international support.     With no imminent election in sight, a political crisis has set in that is fuelling increasing militia violence and lawlessness in Congo s east and center. Clashes between Congolese troops and supporters of a renegade colonel in Congo s eastern city of Bukavu killed seven people on Sunday before he surrendered and turned himself in to U.N. peacekeepers.  Kabila has ruled Congo since his father was assassinated in 2001. He says delays are owing to problems registering millions of voters across the vast, forested country. Opponents say he is using them to eventually remove term limits that prevent him from standing again, as presidents in neighboring Rwanda and Congo Republic have done. He denies that, but has not categorically said he will step aside.  ",1
15626,Saudi deputy governor killed in helicopter crash near Yemen,"RIYADH (Reuters) - The deputy governor of Saudi Arabia s southern Asir province and several colleagues were killed in a helicopter crash on Sunday, Saudi state TV Ekhbariya reported. Local newspaper Okaz reported the helicopter went down while the officials were taking a tour of an area near the coast in Asir, which borders Yemen. The reports did not elaborate on the cause of the crash. ",1
15627,Hezbollah says Saudi Arabia forced Lebanese PM to quit,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s Shi ite Hezbollah group on Sunday accused Saudi Arabia of forcing Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri to quit, and called for calm in an effort to contain the political crisis unleashed by his resignation. Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, the leader of Iran-backed Hezbollah, said there should be no political escalation in response to Hariri s declaration on Saturday, which was made from Saudi Arabia and came as surprise even to his aides. Hariri, in a televised speech, said there was a plot to kill him, and accused Hezbollah and its Iranian backers of sowing strife in the Arab world.    Nasrallah said  legitimate questions  were being asked over whether Hariri had been detained in Saudi Arabia, where news emerged on Sunday that royals, ministers and investors had been arrested in an anti-corruption purge. Aides to Hariri, whose family made their fortune in the Saudi construction industry, strongly denied he had been detained or had been forced to resign. Speaking in a televised address, Nasrallah said:  The resignation was a Saudi decision dictated to Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri and was forced on him.  Nasrallah said Lebanon s political leaders expected Hariri to return to Lebanon on Thursday  if he is allowed  to travel.  Sunni Muslim Saudi Arabia, a political ally of Hariri, is locked in a bitter tussle for power across the Middle East with Shi ite Iran and its allies, including Hezbollah. Lebanese President Michel Aoun will not accept Hariri s resignation until he returns to Lebanon to explain his reasons, palace sources said on Sunday, delaying for now the politically difficult consultations over his successor.  Nasrallah said he would not comment on accusations leveled against Hezbollah by Hariri, describing his resignation announcement as a Saudi statement. Hariri s resignation toppled a coalition government that included Hezbollah, thrusting Lebanon back into the frontline of the Saudi-Iranian regional rivalry and risking an open-ended political crisis.  The government was formed late last year in a political deal that ended years of deadlock, and last month it produced Lebanon s first budget since 2005. Nasrallah said he had thought things were going well and had not wanted Hariri to quit.  Hariri allies in Lebanon have denied suggestions he had been detained and a photograph was published on his Twitter account showing him with Saudi Arabia s newly appointed ambassador to Lebanon, Walid al-Yaaqoub. News of high-level arrests in Saudi Arabia fueled social media speculation in Lebanon that Hariri, a Saudi national, was a target. Nasrallah said  there was legitimate concern , asking if Hariri had anything to do  with this internal struggle between the princes .    Saudi Oger, the construction firm owned by the Hariri family, has faced a multibillion-dollar debt restructuring. The company was hit by a decline in oil prices led to sharp state spending cuts in the kingdom.     Saudi-owned newspaper Asharq al-Awsat cited unnamed sources close to Hariri as speculating that he would probably remain outside Lebanon because of the security threat against him. Central Bank Governor Riad Salameh sought to calm fears the political turmoil would hit Lebanon s already fragile economy, issuing a statement to reaffirm the stability of its currency, which is pegged against the U.S. dollar.    In Lebanon s sectarian system the president must be a Maronite Catholic, the prime minister a Sunni and the speaker of parliament a Shi ite. Hariri is Lebanon s most influential Sunni politician. His father, Rafik al-Hariri, was prime minister after Lebanon s 1975-1990 civil war and was assassinated in a car bombing in 2005.  A U.N.-backed tribunal has indicted five Hezbollah members for the killing but the group denies any involvement.  Saudi media have published reports of a plot to assassinate Hariri in recent days, but all of Lebanon s main security branches have said they have no information about such a plot. A Saudi minister said on Saturday that Hariri s personal security detail had  confirmed information  about the plot. Thamer al-Sabhan said in an interview with a Lebanese TV station on Saturday that there were  threats against the prime minister and the kingdom is keen for his security . U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres was concerned by Hariri s resignation and hoped all sides in the country would back its state institutions, his spokesman on Lebanon Stephane Dujarric said in an emailed statement. ",1
15628,German army contemplates EU fissures in scenario study: Spiegel,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - The German army contemplated fissures in the European Union and a rise in global conflicts as one of six scenarios that might play out by 2040, German magazine Der Spiegel wrote in this week s edition. The EU experienced a damaging debt crisis in 2010-12 and is now navigating Britain s departure from 28-country club, the first country to choose to lose the bloc. In their scenarios, the German army s strategists envisaged a situation where more countries follow Britain s footsteps and the world becomes  increasingly disorderly .      The EU enlargement has been largely abandoned, more states have left the bloc,  they wrote in the study cited by Der Spiegel.  The increasingly disorderly, sometimes chaotic and conflictual world has dramatically changed the security policy environment for Germany and Europe.  The magazine said the study would be followed by concrete armaments plans to be developed in the coming years. A Defence Ministry spokesman said on Sunday the study, labeled Strategic Perspective 2040, made  robust predictions  but did not attach probabilities to them or trigger decisions. He declined to comment about the content of the report, which is confidential. The five other scenarios cited by Der Spiegel include one where some eastern European states halt progress in EU integration and others enter the  Eastern bloc , a likely reference to Russia and its allies. German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the EU risked running into trouble unless it allowed members to participate at varying levels of intensity, with those using the euro currency pulling closer together. Two scenarios in the army s study saw a comeback of Russian-style  state capitalism  in some EU countries and a halt in globalisation. A further two envisaged a more peaceful world. ",1
15629,Israel finds bodies of five Gaza militants killed in tunnel demolition,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel said on Sunday it had recovered the bodies of five Palestinians who were killed when it blew up a tunnel last week that was dug by militants under the Gaza Strip border, and hopes they can be used to effect the return of Israelis held in Gaza.   The bodies of seven other militants were recovered on the Gaza side of the frontier last Monday when Israel destroyed the cross-border tunnel, raising the death toll to 12. A military statement said that since the tunnel was blown up, forces had worked in Israeli territory to complete its  uncovering and destruction and that  during the ongoing work in the area, the bodies of five terrorists were uncovered.  On Friday, the Islamic Jihad militant group said that five of its militants were missing.  Israel said this year it would withhold the bodies of Palestinian militants killed in attacks against its citizens in order to pressure the larger Islamist Hamas faction to return the remains of soldiers and hand back missing Israeli civilians. Hamas says it is holding two Israeli soldiers whom the army declared dead after they were lost in action in the 2014 Gaza war. The group also says it is holding two Israeli civilians who strayed into the territory. Simha Goldin, the father of one of the two Israeli soldiers, on Sunday urged the Israeli government to live up to its promise and said:  Pressure will make Hamas understand that holding Israeli soldiers in not an asset but a burden.  Both Islamic Jihad and Hamas have refused to discuss any deal with Israel. Dawoud Shehab, an Islamic Jihad spokesman in Gaza said on Sunday:  We are committed to regaining the bodies of our comrades and we will find a way to compel the enemy to do this.  During the 2014 Gaza war, Hamas fighters used dozens of tunnels to blindside Israel s superior forces and threaten civilian communities near the frontier, a counterpoint to the Iron Dome anti-missile system that largely protected the country s heartland from militant rocket barrages. Neither Israel nor militants in Gaza have appeared eager to seek escalation. Israel has been constructing a sensor-equipped underground wall along the 60-km (36-mile) Gaza border, aiming to complete the $1.1 billion project by mid-2019. Israel and the United States have called for Hamas to be disarmed as part of the pact between Hamas and the Western-backed Palestinian Authority, so Israeli peace efforts with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, which collapsed in 2014, can be renewed. Hamas has rejected the demand. Hamas said Israel had made a  futile attempt to sabotage efforts to repair Palestinian unity,  a reference to the reconciliation agreement it reached with Abbas last month in which his forces have take over administration of the enclave. ",1
15630,France warns of ballistic proliferation after Houthis target Riyadh,"PARIS (Reuters) - France s foreign minister on Sunday said that a ballistic missile strike by Yemeni Houthi rebels targeting Saudi Arabia s capital Riyadh showed that there was a danger of wider ballistic proliferation across the region.  France strongly condemns the ballistic missile strike claimed by Houthi rebels,  Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said in a statement.  It highlights once again the danger ballistic proliferation poses to the entire region.  ",1
15631,South Africa's Ramaphosa picks female science minister as deputy in ANC race: media,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, a leading contender to become head of the ruling ANC in December, has named science and technology minister Naledi Pandor as his running mate, local media reported on Sunday. The race to replace President Jacob Zuma at the helm of the African National Congress is heating up amid mounting allegations of graft against Zuma, who consistently denies wrongdoing. His successor will be the ANC s presidential candidate in 2019, when Zuma will step down as head of state. Ramaphosa has been under pressure to pick a female running mate as gender equality is a key ANC policy goal and his main challenger is Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, a veteran politician, former African Union head and Zuma s ex-wife. Eyewitness News and the Mail & Guardian newspaper reported on their websites that Ramaphosa made the announcement that Pandor would be the ANC deputy presidential candidate on his ticket during a rally in the northern province of Limpopo.        It s a smart move. Pandor s smart and she does not appear tainted by any corruption allegation nor is she close to either the Zuma or Ramaphosa camps. And as a woman, she ticks a number of boxes that make a lot of sense,  said Gary van Staden, a political analyst with NKC African Economics.   Pandor is an articulate technocrat with a professorial manner who has also done a stint as education minister. Her spokesman could not immediately confirm the reports and said Pandor was traveling to Jordan for a science conference.  Ramaphosa s camp could not immediately be reached for comment.  ",1
15632,"Flash floods kill five in Malaysia, army deploys to rescue thousands of displaced","KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Flash floods caused by hours of torrential rain killed at least five people in Malaysia and military forces deployed on Sunday to help rescue thousands of displaced people in the northern state of Penang. About 3,000 people had been evacuated and housed in temporary shelters as nearly 80 percent of Penang was hit by typhoon-like winds and heavy rain, its chief minister Lim Guan Eng said in a statement. He said floodwaters had risen to 3-4 meters (10-12 feet). Lim also warned in a Facebook post that more rain was expected and advised residents to stay at home. Troops fanned out in Penang to rescue stranded flood victims and also to clear blocked routes and clean up. Hundreds of trees were toppled and roads were submerged in Penang s historic capital of George Town, leaving many areas largely paralyzed. The Malaysian state news agency said five people had been killed due to the floods.  We remain fearful that there may still be untoward incidents because of the strong winds, the like of which have never been experienced before, and flash floods might recur,  Lim told reporters in Penang earlier on Sunday, according to Bernama. The Southeast Asian nation s meteorological service forecast stormy weather continuing in Penang as well as the neighboring northern states of Kedah and Perlis. ",1
15633,"Sacked Catalonia leader turns himself in, polls show independence strength","BRUSSELS/MADRID/BARCELONA (Reuters) - Sacked Catalonia leader Carles Puigdemont and four associates turned themselves in to Belgian police on Sunday, following Spain s issuing of an arrest warrant for rebellion and sedition. All are wanted by Madrid for actions related to the push for the region s secession from Spain. Puigdemont has become the public face of that move for independence. Other charges are the misuse of public funds, disobedience and breach of trust relating to the secessionist campaign, which has thrown Spain into a political crisis just as its economy has recovered from a sharp downturn and banking stress. Madrid has taken over administrative control in Catalonia, until then an autonomous region, and called new elections on Dec 21.    Two polls on Sunday suggested pro-Catalonia independence parties will together win December s regional election although they may fall just short of a majority of seats in parliament needed to revive the secession campaign. Parties supporting Catalonia staying in Spain would divide seats but garner around 54 percent of the vote, the polls suggested. Puigdemont traveled to Belgium shortly after Madrid took control. On Sunday morning, Puigdemont and four of his former councillors presented themselves to police in Brussels. A judge will hear the defendants case on Sunday afternoon and has until Monday morning to decide whether the formalities for the extradition request have been fulfilled. According to a GAD3 survey of 1,233 people conducted between Oct. 30 and Nov. 3 and published in La Vanguardia newspaper, pro-independence parties ERC, PDeCAT and CUP would take between 66 and 69 seats in the 135-seat parliament.  A second poll taken over the same period for the conservative newspaper La Razon echoed the GAD3 survey, showing pro-independence parties would capture the most votes though still fall just shy of a parliamentary majority with 65 seats. Other seats would be generally divided between parties that support the region remaining as part of Spain, though they would run on separate tickets.  Voter participation, however, will rise to a record of 83 percent, the GAD3 poll showed. Under the European arrest warrant system, the five defendants in Belgium can agree to an extradition order immediately or the judge can set bail or detain them. Belgian authorities have to inform their European counterparts if a European arrest warrant cannot be executed after 90 days.  On Saturday, Puigdemont - who PDeCAT said on Sunday would lead the party in the election - called for a united Catalan political front for independence from Spain and against the detention of his former members of government.  On Thursday, nine of his sacked cabinet were ordered by Spain s High Court to be held on remand pending an investigation and potential trial.  One member of the dismissed cabinet, Santi Vila, was freed after paying bail of 50,000 euros ($58,035) on Friday. The other eight could remain in custody for up to four years. According to the GAP3 survey, 59 percent believed legal action against Puigdemont was unjustified while 69.3 percent said the jailing of the Catalan politicians would give the independence cause a boost at the ballot box.  Catalan civic groups Asamblea Nacional Catalana and Omnium Cultural - whose leaders were imprisoned last month on sedition charges - called for a general strike on Nov. 8 and a mass demonstration on Nov. 11 to protest the detentions. The Catalonia issue has sent shockwaves across Europe, energizing regions with their own secessionist agenda while unnerving those fighting to keep the European Union from fracturing further.  Belgian Interior Minister Jan Jambon, a member of the Flemish nationalist and separatist party N-VA, criticized Spain s handling of situation on Sunday, saying Madrid  went too far  in an interview with Belgian broadcaster VTM. Madrid says the judiciary acts independently of the legislative arm of government while adding that Catalonia leaders acted outside the rule of law when organizing the vote and making the declaration of independence.   A pro-secessionist rally in Barcelona on Sunday attracted just a few hundred people, a long way from the hundreds of thousands to join pro-independence marches in October. Many of those attending waved the regional flag and carried protest signs.  One protester, Antonia Aguilera, 63, said she was concerned the new elections would not be fair and would be manipulated by the Spanish government. Her concerns echo the deep mistrust many Catalans have of politicians in Madrid that has deepened since the arrests and after the national police used truncheons and rubber bullets to thwart voting in the illegal independence referendum on Oct. 1.   I m disgusted by it all. We knew they would react but not as strongly as they did,  she said, adding that she believed the pro-independence parties would win the December election.  And then we ll be back where we started.  ",1
15634,Two suicide attacks in Iraq's Kirkuk kill at least five,"KIRKUK, Iraq (Reuters) - Two suicide bombers killed at least five people and wounded more than 20 in an attack on a Shi ite mosque in the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk on Sunday, police and medical sources said. It was the first such attack since the central Iraqi government in Baghdad seized Kirkuk last month from Kurdish forces that had controlled the oil city of a million people for three years. Acting Kirkuk governor Rakan Saeed appealed to Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi after a meeting of the provincial security panel to send more troops to secure the city.  Deployed forces from police and Counter Terrorism Service are not enough to cover all areas of Kirkuk. We need to double the troops,  he said in a statement after chairing the meeting.   The interior ministry confirmed the attacks on a mosque on Atlas Street in the center of Kirkuk and gave an initial casualty toll of one dead and 16 wounded. The central government in Baghdad recaptured the city in October along with other territory in northern Iraq claimed by both Baghdad and the Kurds following an offensive launched in retaliation for the Kurdish independence referendum. Iraqi security forces forced the Kurdish Peshmerga to withdraw from Kirkuk and their retreat also allowed Baghdad to take control of all the oilfields operated by the state-owned North Oil Company in Kirkuk s northern province. No group has claimed responsibility for Sunday s attacks but the suicide bombings are a trademark of Islamic State militants. Police sources said the attacks happened in quick succession and the death toll might rise because some of the wounded were in a critical condition.  It s a crowded street and a place for street vendors. The terrorists wanted to kill a large number of people,  said a police major in Kirkuk. In a separate incident, unknown gunmen opened fire with light weapons on a police patrol in eastern Kirkuk, without causing any casualties, police sources said. Iraqi security officials have said Islamic State is likely to wage an insurgency in Iraq after its self-proclaimed caliphate all but collapsed and the militants were dislodged from large areas of the west and north of the country. Iraqi security forces have recaptured nearly all the territories once controlled by Islamic State. Fighting is ongoing in the border areas with Syria where militants are entrenched in the small town of Rawa and nearby areas. ",1
15635,Hezbollah says Saudi Arabia forced Lebanon PM to resign,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The leader of Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah, Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, said on Sunday that Saudi Arabia had forced Lebanon s Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri to resign, and called for calm and patience in Lebanon.  Hariri, a political ally of Saudi Arabia resigned on Saturday in an unexpected declaration from the kingdom, citing a plot to assassinate him and slamming Hezbollah and its Iranian backers for sowing strife in the Arab world. The resignation of the prime minister, a Sunni Muslim, toppled a coalition government that included Hezbollah.  The resignation was a Saudi decision dictated to prime minister Saad al-Hariri and forced on him,  Nasrallah said in a televised broadcast, adding that there was no domestic reason for Hariri s decision. Nasrallah urged Lebanese not to hold protests in response to the resignation, saying  this will not lead to any result .  We urge against political escalation,  he said. Nasrallah also said  legitimate questions  were being raised in Lebanon over whether Hariri was being detained in Saudi Arabia. Hariri allies in Lebanon have denied suggestions that he had been detained. Saudi Arabia s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has tightened his grip on power through an anti-corruption purge by arresting royals, ministers and investors including billionaire Alwaleed bin Talal, one of the kingdom s most prominent businessmen. ",1
15636,Venezuela opposition leader Guevara seeks refuge in Chile ambassador's home,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Prominent Venezuelan lawmaker Freddy Guevara has sought refuge in the Chilean ambassador s residence in Caracas amid fears he could be jailed, a development that leaves the ailing opposition with even fewer leaders to take on leftist President Nicolas Maduro.  Authorities had sought to remove Guevara s congressional immunity so that he could be tried for instigating violence. The opposition and local media said that Sebin intelligence agents had surrounded Guevara s house over the weekend.  Guevara, a 31-year-old who runs the hardline Popular Will party and is also the deputy leader of congress, entered the residence on Saturday and requested protection, the Chilean government said in a statement.  Guevara could become the highest-profile Venezuelan politician to seek exile in recent years.  A majority of opposition leaders are now unable to challenge unpopular Maduro, a 54-year-old former bus driver and foreign minister whom they blame for the oil-rich nation s economic downfall.  Anti-Maduro politicians have been barred from holding office, like two-time presidential candidate Henrique Capriles; arrested or placed under house arrest, like opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez; or threatened with trial, like congress leader Julio Borges who could face treason charges for lobbying against Venezuela s government in global financial circles.  The opposition coalition condemned the threats against Guevara as another sign that Maduro has turned the OPEC member into a dictatorship.       This is an arbitrary and political decision that seeks to weaken a congress that has the full support of the people. Venezuela is hungry for food, but also freedom, justice and dignity,  said Borges at a news conference on Sunday.   Freddy Guevara has taken a personal decision. In my case I have to keep doing what I have to do,  added Borges, who did not offer details on Guevara s arrival at the residence.  Authorities on Sunday mocked Guevara, a fiery former student leader, for taking refuge at the embassy.   Some people are very brave when it comes to calling for and provoking violence, destruction, and death. But when justice is done, they flee with embarrassing cowardice,  tweeted Foreign Minister Jorge Arreaza.   Guevara was often on the front lines of sometimes violent protests earlier this year to demand early elections, humanitarian aid to alleviate hunger, freedom for jailed dissidents, and respect for the opposition-led congress.  The government says counters demonstrations were in fact a U.S.-backed  armed insurrection  designed to oust Maduro. Authorities say opposition politicians are responsible for the around 125 deaths during four months of unrest, and as such should face trial.  Amid the political crackdown, the Chilean residence in Caracas has played a significant role, taking in five magistrates named by the opposition-run congress after they were threatened with jail time, as well as another opposition politician from party COPEI.  The magistrates fled over the border to Colombia last month before flying to Santiago to be received by leftist Michelle Bachelet s government, which has joined a chorus of major Latin American nations in denouncing Maduro.  In the 1970s, several thousand Chileans, including novelist Isabel Allende, who fled Augusto Pinochet s dictatorship found exile in then-booming Venezuela. ",1
15637,"Gunman, police officer killed in Russian road checkpoint attack: TASS","MOSCOW (Reuters) - A gunman and a police officer were killed on Sunday during an attack on a road checkpoint in Russia s volatile Caucasus region of Ingushetia, TASS news agency reported, citing security services and a medical source.  One bandit was neutralised, another was blocked in a building during a shootout at a police road checkpoint near the village of Yandare,  TASS reported citing a statement from the National Anti-Terrorist Committee (NAK). Three injured road police officers were rushed to hospital, TASS said, citing a medical source. Throughout the 18 years since Vladimir Putin rose to power and crushed a Chechen separatist revolt, Russia has battled an insurgency seeking to carve an Islamic state out of the provinces of Chechnya, Ingushetia and Dagestan. ",1
15638,"Bomb threats force evacuation of Moscow's Bolshoi theater, hotels: reports","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Bomb threats forced thousands of people to evacuate Moscow s Bolshoi theater, Metropol hotel, GUM department store on the Red Square and other public places on Sunday, local media reported. A spate of anonymous phone calls have caused disruption at shopping centers, train stations and public buildings across Russia in the past two months. The calls have so far proved to be false alarms and there have been no claims of responsibility. RIA news agency, citing a source in the police, reported that as many as 5,000 people were evacuated from GUM and Metropol hotel. TASS and RIA, also quoting police sources, said the Bolshoi theater was also evacuated. A Reuters witness said police had cordoned off premises of Bolshoi and GUM. TASS said the evacuation was announced from Bolshoi before a performance was due to start at 1600 GMT.  Alexander Bortnikov, the head of the FSB security service said last month the authorities knew the identities of those responsible, saying they four Russian citizens based abroad with  accomplices  inside Russia.  ",1
15639,Germany's Greens overtake liberals in poll as coalition talks continue,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Germany s environmentalist Green party polled at its highest level this year in a survey published on Sunday, overtaking Chancellor Angela Merkel s other would-be coalition partner as talks to form a new government continued. An coalition agreement would see Merkel extend her 12-year spell at Germany s helm, during which she has helped avoid a collapse of the euro zone and cemented her country s position as the bloc s economic powerhouse.   Merkel must bring together the Greens, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and her own conservative bloc to secure a majority, with sticking points including immigration caps, whether to end coal production and increasing defense spending. The poll published by German daily Bild put the Greens at 11 percent, up by one percentage point from a week earlier, while the FDP fell by the same amount to 10 percent. It will have no direct bearing on coalition talks, but gives the Greens some bragging rights in terms of their negotiating.  The Greens are calling for abandoning coal as a source of energy in Germany, an objective shared by thousands of demonstrators who marched in the German city of Bonn on Saturday but opposed by the FDP.     If Germany wants to meet its climate protection goals, an exit from coal is necessary,  Anton Hofreiter, one of the leaders of the Green s parliamentary party told Reuters on Sunday. Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) and their Bavarian CSU sister party were stable at 31 percent while the Social Democrats, who have said they would not renew their ruling coalition with the conservatives, slipped by one percentage point to 21 percent. Party leaders are slated to meet on Monday evening before the larger negotiating teams launch into more detailed talks. The FDP leader, Christian Lindner, said in an interview published on Sunday his party did not fear new elections if the negotiations failed. But a new vote could see more gains for the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD), which surged into parliament last month after a campaign that channeled public anger at Merkel s 2015 decision to leave Germany s border open to migrants. The euro-sceptic AfD was stable in Sunday s survey at 12 percent while left-wing Die Linke rose by one percentage point to poll to 10 percent. Polling firm Emnid interviewed 1,476 people between 26 and 30 October. A separate survey, carried out by pollster INSA in Bavaria, put Merkel s local ally, the CSU, at 37 percent, down from an already disappointing 38.9 percent at general elections on Sept. 24. CSU leader Horst Seehofer has been fending off calls for his resignation since the vote. Bavaria was the main entry point for migrants to Germany in 2015 and the CSU wants a limit of 200,000 migrants a year. The Bavarian survey, for which 1,033 people were polled on Nov 2-3, is due to appear in the Bild newspaper on Monday. ",1
15640,France's Le Maire heads to Berlin to test Eurogroup waters,"BERLIN/PARIS (Reuters) - French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire will meet German officials in Berlin this week to discuss the future of the euro zone and assess his own prospects of becoming the next chairman of the Eurogroup forum of finance ministers. French and German officials confirmed Le Maire would be in Berlin on Wednesday, when he will meet acting Finance Minister Peter Altmaier, a close ally of German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Le Maire is also due to see Christian Lindner, leader of the liberal Free Democrats (FDP), and Cem Oezdemir, co-leader of the Greens party. Both are in discussions with Merkel s conservatives on forming a coalition government. France s Emmanuel Macron has made euro zone reform a central goal of his five-year presidency. But any changes will require the support of Merkel and her new government, which is not expected to be in place before Christmas. Lindner has been critical of Macron s idea to create a budget for the euro zone.   We want to follow up on the president s Sorbonne speech and exchange views on the future of the euro zone,  a French finance ministry official said, referring to a speech by Macron in September when he laid out his vision for EU reform. While Le Maire s visit - his first to Berlin since the German election - is about strengthening contacts with likely members of the new government, officials indicated that it would also be an opportunity to sound out Berlin on the Eurogroup presidency, a powerful position that will be elected next month. Since it was created in 2005, the Eurogroup, which brings together the euro zone s 19 finance ministers, has had only two presidents: Luxembourg s Jean-Claude Juncker, who served from 2005 to 2013, and former Dutch finance minister Jeroen Dijsselbloem, who is due to step down in January. The position involves chairing monthly meetings and driving policy around economic and monetary union, including ensuring that all member states stick to strict targets on deficits and debt. The post has been dubbed  Mr Euro . Le Maire, 48, is regarded as sharp, ambitious and more than capable of leading the group. But some euro zone officials are wary about the presidency ending up in the hands of either Germany or France, the two largest economies in the single currency bloc and already dominant forces in policymaking. A further complication for Le Maire is France s poor record of meeting its own deficit targets over the past decade. German officials are not ruling out Le Maire, but they have also expressed a preference for giving the post to a smaller country. Last week, one official in Berlin mentioned two possible alternatives: Pierre Gramegna of Luxembourg and Peter Kazimir of Slovakia. The official also floated the idea of extending Dijsselbloem, seen as a close ally of Berlin, even though he is not part of the new Dutch government.  It is still quite unclear who will come forward,  the German official said when asked about the presidency.  At this stage there does not seem to be one candidate everyone is rallying behind. There is no natural candidate.  The Eurogroup president will be chosen on Dec. 4, an EU official said last week, with the formal call for candidates opening in mid-November.  It is not a done thing,  the German official said of Le Maire s candidacy.  He will only apply if he gets the impression that he is the one.     The talks in Berlin on Wednesday could be decisive in determining whether he does throw his hat into the ring. If Le Maire were to get the job, it could have repercussions for other top euro zone jobs. Mario Draghi will end his term as president of the European Central Bank on Oct. 31, 2019, and Germany s Jens Weidmann is already being mentioned as a potential successor. Euro zone watchers say that if the French secure the presidency of the Eurogroup, it may be harder for them to argue against a German candidate taking over the ECB. Still, as one senior French official told Reuters on condition of anonymity last month, Weidmann at the helm of the ECB  would be a problem for a lot of countries, not just for France . ",1
15641,Police detain dozens in Moscow amid fear of anti-government attacks,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian security services said on Sunday they had detained 263 people in the center of Moscow for  breach of public order . It was the latest announcement of a sweep of potential anti-government protesters around this weekend s marking of Unity Day, essentially the successor to Soviet celebrations of the October 1917 coup that brought the Bolsheviks to power. Reuters reporters said they had seen police detain a few dozens on a Moscow street, although none of those detained had any posters, nor were they chants slogans. The FSB, the successor to the Soviet-era KGB, said on its web site on Friday that it had arrested all the members of Artpodgotovka, an anti-government movement in the Moscow region, and seized 15 bottles of Molotov cocktail. It said the group had planned  extremists actions in the form of arson of administrative buildings with the use of incendiary fuel and attacks on the members of police to provoke mass unrest  on Nov. 4-5, Unity Day weekend. ",1
15642,Egypt summons several Western ambassadors over criticism of rights lawyer's detention,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt summoned several western ambassadors on Sunday in protest against a statement criticizing the country s detention of a human rights lawyer who was helping investigate the case of a murdered Italian student.  Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Britain and Canada issued a statement late on Friday critical of the detention of Ibrahim Metwaly, who was helping investigate the murder of Giulio Regeni. The PhD student s body was discovered in a ditch on the outskirts of the Egyptian capital in 2016 showing signs of extensive torture. An Egyptian Foreign Ministry statement said the German, Dutch and Italian ambassadors had been summoned and that procedures to summon the British and Canadian ambassadors were ongoing.  The ministry said the criticism from the five Western countries was  a blatant and unacceptable interference in domestic affairs and the work of the judiciary.        It is unfortunate that such a statement would be issued from countries that call for respecting rule of law and the principles of separation of powers,  it said.  Metwaly founded the Association of the Families of the Disappeared after his son disappeared four years ago. He was taken by airport security in September while heading to Geneva to attend a U.N. conference on enforced disappearances, members of his group said.  They later said a state prosecutor had ordered his detention.  Judicial sources told Reuters on Saturday that Metwaly was detained on charges of spreading false news and joining an illegal group, and that his pre-trial detention was in accordance with the law. Rights activists say Egyptian authorities kidnap dissent and keep them in secret jails without charges. Egypt denies the accusations. ",1
15643,Guards chief rejects Trump 'slander' that Iran behind Saudi missile,"DUBAI (Reuters) - The head of Iran s Revolutionary Guards denied on Sunday accusations by Donald Trump that Iran was behind the firing of a ballistic missile at Saudi Arabia from warring Yemen, rejecting it as one of the U.S. president s  slanders .  Saudi Arabia s air defenses intercepted the missile,  bringing it down near the capital Riyadh s airport on Saturday and it did not cause any casualties, state news agencies reported.   A shot was just taken by Iran, in my opinion, at Saudi Arabia ... and our system knocked the missile out of the air  Trump told reporters on Air Force One en route to Tokyo. But Mohammad Ali Jafari, head of the Revolutionary Guards who are in charge of Iran s missile program, said:  Mr Trump has said many baseless things and told many lies and frequently falsely accused Iran and this one of those slanders,  Iran s state news agency IRNA reported.               We do not have even the possibility to transfer missiles to Yemen. The missiles belong to them and they have increased their range,  Jafari added. A Saudi-led coalition has launched thousands of air strikes against Houthi rebels and allied forces loyal to former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh who have fired dozens of missiles into Saudi territory over the course of a 2-1/2 year war. Regional and Western sources have said Iran is sending advanced weapons and military advisers to the Houthi movement, stepping up support for its Shi ite ally in the country s civil war. Iran rejects accusations from Saudi Arabia that it is giving financial and military support to the Houthis, blaming the crisis on Riyadh. ",1
15644,Belgian judge to decide on ex Catalan leader arrest warrant by Monday,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A Belgian judge will decide by Monday on Spain s arrest warrant for sacked Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont and his associates after they turned themselves in to Belgian police, a spokesman for Brussels prosecutors said on Sunday. On Friday, Spain handed over to Belgian prosecutors the warrant for rebellion, sedition, misuse of public funds, disobedience and breach of trust relating to Catalonia s independence campaign for Puigdemont and four of his associates.   This morning the five people wanted by Spain presented themselves to police in Brussels. They were put in custody at 9.17 this morning,  prosecutor spokesman Gilles Dejemeppe told a news conference.  The judge will hear the people this afternoon. He has until tomorrow morning to decide,  he said, without naming the people. If the judge decides to issue an arrest warrant on the basis of the Spanish request, the case then goes to a court which must decide within 15 days whether to execute the order. Puigdemont can appeal at various stages of the proceedings, a process which can take many weeks. ",1
15645,"Renegade colonel surrenders in eastern Congo after clashes, seven dead","GOMA, Democratic Republic of Congo (Reuters) - Clashes between Congolese troops and supporters of a renegade colonel in Congo s eastern city of Bukavu killed seven people on Sunday before he surrendered and turned himself in to U.N. peacekeepers, the army said. Democratic Republic of Congo army spokesman for South Kivu province, Dieudonne Kasereka, said clashes had started after police came to disarm Colonel Abbas Kayonga, who was sacked on Thursday from his post overseeing anti-fraud efforts in local mines. Kayonga, a former rebel from a group that had been disarmed and integrated into the Congolese military, gave himself up at the local base for the U.N. mission to Congo.  He has just surrendered with 17 people at the base of the mission,  Kasereka said by telephone. Two army soldiers and three of Kanyonga s bodyguards were killed in the fighting and two civilians were killed by stray bullets, he said. Seventeen members of Kanyonga s force surrendered to U.N. troops and nine others were captured by the army, Kasereka said, adding that soldiers found about a dozen heavy weapons at Kanyonga s house. Security has been deteriorating across Congo since the end of last year, when President Joseph Kabila refused to step down despite his mandate expiring.  Surging militia violence in the east, which has for decades been a tinderbox of ethnic rivalries fueled by the region s mineral wealth, and in the formerly peaceful central Kasai region, have raised fears the country could slip back to the multi-faceted civil wars of the turn of the century.  Those wars killed hundreds of thousands directly in violence while millions of others are thought to have died from of hunger and disease.  South Kivu has rich deposits of gold, tin and coltan, used in mobile phones, which have long helped finance rebel groups and army officers. The national electoral commission was expected to announce a date for the election to replace Kabila later on Sunday. Last month, it said the election cannot take place until April 2019, raising fears of an escalation in militia violence and civil disturbances.  U.S. envoy Nikki Haley said during a visit to meet with Kabila last month that the vote must happen in 2018 or it will lose international support. ",1
15646,Saudi's Kingdom Holding says has support from government after chairman detained,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabian investment firm Kingdom Holding 4280.SE said on Sunday it had the support of the country s government after billionaire chairman Prince Alwaleed bin Talal was detained overnight. Prince Alwaleed, one of the country s highest profile businessmen, was one of several princes, ministers, and former ministers detained as part of an anti-corruption crackdown, two senior Saudi officials told Reuters on Sunday. Kingdom Holding s chief executive, listed on its website as Talal Ibrahim al-Maiman, has received the support of the government, and would continue to operate  business as usual , the investment firm said in a stock market statement. Prince Alwaleed, a nephew of King Salman, and the grandson of Saudi Arabia s founder King Abdulaziz al-Saud, holds stakes in many major international companies including Citigroup, Twitter (TWTR.N), ride-hailing firm Lyft and Time Warner (TWX.N). Earlier, Kingdom Holding reported it swung to a third quarter profit after restating the same year ago period to a loss. ",1
15647,Saudi purge worries investors but may speed reforms,"DUBAI (Reuters) - A purge of Saudi Arabia s political and business elites briefly dragged down the kingdom s stock market on Sunday but prices recovered to close higher as some investors bet the crackdown could bolster reforms in the long run. The size of the purge - 11 princes, four ministers and tens of former ministers were detained by a newly created anti-corruption committee headed by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman - raised questions about the stability and predictability of the Saudi government. For foreigners, a major shock was the detention of flamboyant billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, who as a big investor in top Western companies such as Citigroup (C.N) is known as the international face of Saudi business. Local investors, meanwhile, worried about whether a sustained investigation into corruption could turn up scandals in the kingdom s opaque business world, forcing people implicated to sell off their equity holdings. But many bankers and analysts saw the purge, which replaced the head of the National Guard, as a power grab by Prince Mohammed, designed to remove any remaining obstacles to his authority and assure his eventual succession to the throne.  This, they said, could help the economy by making it easier for Prince Mohammed to pursue radical reforms that include slashing the state budget deficit, putting more women into employment, lifting a ban on women driving, and selling $300 billion of state assets.  This is the latest act of concentration of power in Saudi,  said Hasnain Malik, global head of equity research at emerging markets investment bank Exotix.  As unprecedented and controversial as it may be, this centralization might also be a necessary condition for pushing the austerity and transformation agenda, the benefits of which very few investors are pricing in.  After initially tumbling as much as 2.2 percent on Sunday, the Saudi stock index .TASI rebounded to close slightly higher. Shares related to some of the detained people, such as Prince Alwaleed s Kingdom Holding 4280.SE, sank but most banks rose, a sign of economic optimism. The purge may increase Prince Mohammed s grassroots support by tackling corruption, a problem that has long plagued the economy.  It s a populist move that makes sense because a lot of the princes, businessmen and bureaucrats are corrupt, taking kickbacks and being involved in all kinds of shady deals,  said Bernard Haykel, professor of Near East studies at Princeton University. A danger for financial markets, however, is that Prince Mohammed is shaking up business practices and ties that have lasted for decades, a move which could backfire if it triggers an exodus of money and wealthy individuals from the country.  The fact that some of the country s leading business people were arrested will scare the private sector and there might be even more capital flight than before. And most bureaucrats will now be terrified, perhaps justifiably,  Haykel said. Many corporate executives expect Prince Mohammed to persuade or pressure rich Saudis to repatriate some of the billions of dollars which they are believed to have transferred overseas for safe-keeping, and which could now help to kick-start the development projects that he plans.  The corruption crackdown may be an initial step in this effort; the decree creating the committee gave it the right, pending the result of investigations, to seize assets at home or abroad and transfer them to the state Treasury. James Dorsey, senior fellow at Singapore s S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies, wrote that Prince Mohammed appeared to be reacting to growing opposition within the royal family and the military to his reforms and Riyadh s military intervention in Yemen.  It raises questions about the reform process that increasingly is based on a unilateral rather than a consensual rewriting of the kingdom s social contract.  For many people, however, a unilateral approach is seen as the best chance to push through the reforms. A chief economist at a big regional bank said Prince Mohammed s main motive for acting was frustration that reforms were not moving fast enough.  The privatization program, for example, including the planned sale of 5 percent of national oil giant Saudi Aramco, has been discussed for many months with little action. Now the program may pick up.  The message this should send to foreign investors is it s unwise to bet against MbS,  said Sam Blatteis, chief executive of regional advisory firm The MENA Catalysts, using a common abbreviation of Prince Mohammed s name.  When he wants to get things done, he has proven that he can. This is not a consolidation of power, it s an acceleration. The wheels of policy-making are moving faster.  ",1
15648,Western intelligence warned Hariri of death plot: Asharq al-Awsat,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Western intelligence agencies warned former Lebanese prime minister Saad al-Hariri of an assassination plot against him, the Saudi-owned pan-Arab newspaper Asharq al-Awsat reported on Sunday. It cited unnamed sources close to Hariri.  However, Major General Abbas Ibrahim, head of Lebanon s General Security, said he had no information about an assassination plot against political figures in Lebanon. The army also said it had not uncovered any such plots. Asharq al-Awsat reported that the sources  revealed that he had received Western warnings of an assassination attempt that was prepared against him . It did not give further details of the alleged plot.  Hariri announced his surprise resignation on Saturday, citing a plot to kill him, and saying the climate in Lebanon resembled that before the assassination of his father Rafik al-Hariri, who was also prime minister, in 2005. He criticized Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah for their role in Lebanon and other Arab countries.  Hariri traveled to Riyadh on Friday and did not return to Lebanon. His resignation was made in a televised statement from Saudi Arabia, an arch rival of Iran. Asharq al-Awsat reported the same unnamed sources as speculating that Hariri would probably remain outside Lebanon because of the security threat against him.  On Saturday, Saudi-owned television channel al-Arabiya al-Hadath, part of the same media group as Asharq al-Awsat, reported that an assassination plot against Hariri had been foiled in Beirut days earlier, citing an unnamed source. Saudi Gulf Affairs Minister Thamer al-Sabhan said in a television interview that Hariri s personal security detail had  confirmed information  of a plot to kill him. Lebanon s internal security force said in a statement on the reports that it had no information about the matter. ",1
15649,"Lebanon PM Hariri resigns, assails Iran and Hezbollah","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri resigned on Saturday, saying he believed there was an assassination plot against him and accusing Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah of sowing strife in the Arab world. His resignation, a big surprise to Beirut s political establishment, brought down the coalition government and plunged Lebanon into a new political crisis.  It thrust Lebanon into the front line of a regional competition between Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran that has also buffeted Syria, Iraq, Yemen and Bahrain. A Saudi government minister said Hariri was in Riyadh to ensure his safety.  Hariri, who is closely allied with Saudi Arabia, alleged in a broadcast from an undisclosed location that Hezbollah was  directing weapons  at Yemenis, Syrians and Lebanese. In comments directed at Iran, he said the Arab world would  cut off the hands that wickedly extend to it . Hariri s coalition, which took office last year, grouped nearly all of Lebanon s main parties, including Hezbollah. It took office in a political deal that made Michel Aoun, a Hezbollah ally, president, and was seen as a victory for Iran. The resignation risks exacerbating sectarian tensions between Sunni and Shi ite Muslims and returning Lebanon to paralysis in government. An official at the U.S. State Department said it was following the situation closely and noted that Hariri had been a  strong partner in building strong national state institutions and in the war on terror . The official added  the United States expects an orderly political process in Lebanon and will remain supportive of the legitimate institutions of the Lebanese state . It was not immediately clear who might succeed Hariri, Lebanon s most influential Sunni politician. The prime minister must be a Sunni in Lebanon s sectarian system. Aoun must appoint the candidate with most support among MPs, who he is expected to consult in the coming days.  We are living in a climate similar to the atmosphere that prevailed before the assassination of martyr Rafik al-Hariri. I have sensed what is being plotted covertly to target my life,  Hariri said.  Rafik al-Hariri was killed in a 2005 Beirut bomb attack that pushed his son Saad into politics and set off years of turmoil. A U.N.-backed tribunal has charged five Hezbollah members over the killing. Hezbollah denies involvement. The Saudi-owned pan-Arab television channel al-Arabiya al-Hadath reported that an assassination plot against Hariri was foiled in Beirut days ago, citing an unnamed source.  Saudi Arabia s Gulf Affairs Minister Thamer al-Sabhan said in a television interview that Hariri s personal security detail had  confirmed information  of a plot to kill him.      Lebanon s internal security force said in a statement on the reports that it had no information about the matter. Hariri said Hezbollah and Iran had brought Lebanon into the  eye of a storm  of international sanctions. Iran was sowing strife, destruction and ruin wherever it went and he accused it of a  deep hatred for the Arab nation . Aoun s office said Hariri had called him from  outside Lebanon  to inform him of his resignation. He has postponed a visit to Kuwait and directed military and security agencies  to maintain stability , it said. Hariri flew to Saudi Arabia on Friday after a meeting in Beirut with Ali Akbar Velayati, the top adviser to Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. Afterwards, Velayati described Hariri s coalition as  a victory  and  great success . Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, the leader of Hezbollah, will address Hariri s resignation in a televised speech on Sunday, Hezbollah-affiliated media reported.  A member of Hezbollah s central committee, Sheikh Nabil Kawouk, accused Riyadh of being behind Hariri s resignation, saying in a speech reported by Lebanon s al-Jadeed television:  God protect Lebanon from the evil of Saudi Arabia s reckless adventures.   Walid Jumblatt, the leader of Lebanon s Druze minority, said Lebanon was too weak to bear the consequences of Hariri s resignation, saying he feared political and economic fallout.  We cannot afford to fight the Iranians from Lebanon,  he told Reuters, advocating an approach of compromise with Hezbollah in Lebanon while waiting for regional circumstances to allow Saudi-Iranian dialogue.  Iran s Foreign Ministry said Hariri s departure was a plot to  create tension in Lebanon and the region .   Hariri s resignation was done with planning by Donald Trump, the president of America, and Mohammed bin Salman, the crown prince of Saudi Arabia,  said Hussein Sheikh al-Islam, adviser to Iran s supreme leader. Sabhan, the Saudi minister, echoed the language of the Lebanese politician saying in a tweet:  The hands of treachery and aggression must be cut off.   Israeli politicians also used Hariri s resignation to criticize Iranian influence in Lebanon.  His words are a wake-up call to the international community to take action against Iranian aggression,  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said. Hezbollah s close ties to Iran and its support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in his war with rebels have been a major source of tension in Lebanon for years. Beirut has adopted a position of  disassociation  from the conflict, but this has come under strain with Hezbollah and its allies pushing for a normalization of ties. Since taking office, Hariri had worked to garner international aid for Lebanon to cope with the strain of hosting some 1.5 million Syrian refugees. The government s collapse complicates preparations for next year s parliamentary elections, Lebanon s first since 2009. Finance Minister Ali Hassan Khalil told Reuters there was no danger to Lebanon s economy or its currency. Joseph Torbey, head of the Association of Banks in Lebanon, said there was no risk to monetary stability because the central bank had large reserves and there was confidence in Lebanese banks. Lebanon has one of the world s highest ratios of debt-to-GDP and last month passed its first budget since 2005, one of the few achievements of the coalition government.  The United States is considering new sanctions on Hezbollah, as part of a tougher stance against Iran and its allies, that Lebanese politicians have fretted could hurt the economy. ",1
15650,"Trump in Japan stresses unity on North Korea; talks trade, too","TOKYO (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump ramped up his tough rhetoric against North Korea when he arrived in Japan on Sunday, saying the United States and its allies are prepared to defend freedom and  no dictator  should underestimate U.S. resolve. Trump kicked off a 12-day Asian trip and is looking to present a united front with Japan against North Korea through meetings with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe amid heightened tensions over Pyongyang s nuclear and missile tests. He told reporters on Air Force One en route to Asia that North Korea would figure prominently in discussions, and also singled out trade, which he said had been  badly handled  in the region for years. Trump has rattled some allies with his vow to  totally destroy  North Korea if it threatens the United States and with his dismissal of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un as a  rocket man  on a suicide mission. A top aide said last week Trump intends to tell Asian leaders the world is  running out of time  in dealing with the nuclear crisis on the Korean peninsula.  No dictator, no regime, no nation should ever underestimate American resolve,  Trump told hundreds of cheering U.S. and Japanese troops in camouflage uniforms gathered at Yokota Air Base, just west of Tokyo, soon after he arrived.  Every once in a while, in the past, they underestimated us. It was not pleasant for them, was it?  said Trump, who wore a bomber jacket as he addressed the troops. North Korea s recent actions, including several missiles that flew over Japan and Pyongyang s sixth and largest nuclear test, have raised the stakes in the most critical international challenge of Trump s presidency. Recent drills over South Korea by two U.S. strategic bombers have further heightened tensions.  We will never yield, never waver and never falter in defense of our freedom,  Trump said. He told reporters earlier on Air Force One that a decision would be made soon on whether to add reclusive North Korea to a list of state sponsors of terrorism. Trump said his administration planned to take a different approach after years of what he termed  total weakness.    It s a big problem for our country and the world, and we want to get it solved.  In an apparent attempt to distinguish between North Korea s leadership and ordinary people, he said he thought North Koreans were  great people.   And I hope it all works out for everybody.  Abe told reporters before Trump s arrival that he welcomed the visit as a chance to deepen bilateral ties by building on the  friendship and trust  between the two leaders, fostered by several meetings that included a round of golf in Florida earlier this year.  I hope we will be able to have thorough discussions about international issues, including North Korea,  he said. Trump and Abe greeted each other with a handshake at a golf course to be used during the 2020 Olympic Games, changing clothes and heading out to play after what media said was a lunch of hamburgers. In an allusion to a Trump campaign slogan, they signed caps that said  Donald and Shinzo Make Alliance Even Greater.  They discussed North Korea and trade while playing nine holes with Hideki Matsuyama, the world no. 3 pro golfer. A senior White House official said the two leaders have developed a close bond since Trump took office in January.   Playing golf with Prime Minister Abe and Hideki Matsuyama, two wonderful people!  Trump tweeted. For his part, Abe took to Twitter to say he played golf  with a marvellous friend (President Donald J. Trump) full of spirited conversation.  The two leaders and their wives later dined on grilled Japanese premium beef at an upscale restaurant. In brief pre-dinner remarks, Trump said U.S.-Japan ties were closer than ever. But he added:  We ll have dinner tonight. I think we ll insult everybody by continuing to talk about trade.  Trump also said he planned to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin during his trip, the longest Asian tour by any U.S. leader since George H.W. Bush in 1992.  I think it s expected that we will meet,  he said.  We want Putin s help on North Korea.  Trump wants a united front with the leaders of Japan and South Korea against North Korea before he visits Beijing to make the case to Chinese President Xi Jinping that he should do more to rein in Pyongyang. Separately, Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson discussed that  now is the time to apply firm pressure on North Korea,  Kono told reporters. A senior U.S. State Department official traveling with Tillerson said the pressure was having an effect.   I think we have a better chance now than we ve had in the last couple of decades to solve this problem because the most important thing is to have the international community completely united in order to really choke off the lifeline for North Korea. It s got to be the way,  the official said. Trade will factor heavily during Trump s trip as he tries to persuade Asian allies to agree to policies more favorable to the United States, a point Trump emphasized. A centerpiece of the trip will be a visit to the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Danang, Vietnam, where Trump will deliver a speech in support of a free and open Indo-Pacific region, which is seen as offering a bulwark in response to expansionist Chinese policies.  One of the things we re going to be very focused on is trade because trade has not been done well for 25 years by the United States with this part of the world, with any part of the world,  he said on Air Force One.  We re going to be discussing reciprocal trade. Fair, free but reciprocal,  he said. ",1
15651,Lebanese army says has not uncovered any assassination plans,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Lebanese army said on Sunday it had not uncovered any plans for assassinations in Lebanon, a day after Saad al-Hariri cited a plot to kill him in a speech declaring his resignation as prime minister. In a statement, the army said the information in its possession in addition to ongoing arrests and investigations had not revealed  the presence of any plan for assassinations in the country .  ",1
15652,Ex-Catalonia leader turns himself in to Belgian police: VRT,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Sacked Catalonian leader Carles Puigdemont has turned himself in to Belgian police, Belgian public broadcaster VRT said on Sunday, citing a source. Belgian prosecutors, who have a European arrest warrant from Spain for Puigdemont and four of his associates, will brief media on the case at 1300 GMT. ",1
15653,Car bomber kills at least 15 in Yemeni port Aden: witnesses,"ADEN (Reuters) - A suicide car bomber blew himself up at a security checkpoint in the southern Yemeni port city of Aden on Sunday, killing 15 people and wounding at least 20, residents and a security official said. Islamic State militants claimed responsibility for the assault, without providing evidence. The attack occurred outside the main security headquarters in Aden s Khor Maksar district, according to Aden residents and the security official. The blast was heard across the city and a plume of smoke could be seen from miles away. Clashes erupted in the area immediately afterward, witnesses reported. It was unclear who was behind the attack or the clashes that followed. Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack in a statement posted on the internet, though without immediate evidence to back up its assertion. IS said at least 50 people had been killed by the blast and in clashes. Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), the local branch of the global Islamist militant network, has been the most active jihadist group in southern Yemen in recent years. Aden is the interim headquarters of Yemen s internationally recognized government, which had to move there when Houthi rebels took control of the capital, Sanaa, in 2015 during Yemen s civil war. More than 10,000 people have been killed in the conflict  since the Houthis advanced on Aden, forcing President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to flee and seek help from Saudi Arabia. Aden is dominated by Yemeni forces backed by the United Arab Emirates, a key member of the Saudi-led coalition that intervened in Yemen s war to restore Hadi. Saudi Arabia s air defense forces intercepted a ballistic missile fired from Yemen over the capital, Riyadh, on Saturday, state news agencies reported. The missile was brought down near King Khaled Airport on the northern outskirts of the city and did not cause any casualties. ",1
15654,Thou shalt not kill: Catholic bishops start new Philippines prayer campaign,"MANILA (Reuters) - A top Catholic archbishop on Sunday called for Filipinos to choose peace over violence and end a spate of drug-related killings that have divided the nation.  Archbishop Socrates Villegas, president of the Catholic Bishops  Conference of the Philippines, was speaking as the church launched a new prayer campaign to  heal the nation and stop the killings  in the country. Philippine Catholic bishops have been stepping up opposition to killings blamed on a government crack down on drugs. They are now asking the faithful to pray with the rosary for 33 days until Dec. 8, an important Catholic feast of the Immaculate Conception. The new campaign follows the 40-day ringing of church bells and lighting of candles for thousands of people killed in President Rodrigo Duterte s 16-month war on drugs. More than 3,900 Filipinos have been killed in what the police called self-defense after armed suspects resisted arrest. Critics dispute that and say executions are taking place, with zero accountability, allegations the police reject. In a mass for families of victims of drug-related killings, Villegas said that if the killings continue  a curse awaits a nation that kills its own people . Symbolically, the mass was held at the Catholic shrine of Mary Queen of Peace which stands on the site where nuns stopped soldiers from attacking mutineers who overthrew dictator Ferdinand Marcos in 1986.  Why do we applaud the killings?,  Villegas said in his homily.  We chose violence instead of peace. We chose lies instead of truth. We chose to laugh at obscenities instead of correcting these. We chose to be silent than to be involved.  Human rights lawyers, politicians, civil society groups and opponents of the president joined the families of victims in a religious procession after the mass to the  People Power  monument, where they held a cultural show.  Harry Roque, presidential spokesman, said the government welcomed  constructive dissent  after hundreds joined the religious activity condemning the killings.  We reiterate that this administration does not - and will never - condone extrajudicial and vigilante killings,  Roque, a human rights lawyer, said in a statement, adding police have been investigating more than 2,200 killings with drug-related motives.  Accountability is essential to good government. The president himself made a clear stance that any violation committed by the police during operations would be dealt with accordingly.  Roque asked Catholic bishops to work closely with government on drug rehabilitation and in its anti-drug campaign. ",1
15655,China may grasp climate leadership at U.N. talks with Trump pulling out,"BONN, Germany (Reuters) - China has a chance to assert leadership of a global plan to combat global warming this week at the first U.N. climate talks since U.S. President Donald Trump decided to quit the 195-nation Paris Agreement, delegates say. Government experts are to work on a  rule book  for the 2015 climate pact at the Nov. 6-17 annual meeting in Bonn, Germany. The accord seeks to end the fossil fuel era this century with a shift to wind, solar and other clean energies. Trump once dismissed climate change as a Chinese hoax to harm the U.S. economy and said in June that he would pull out of the agreement and instead promote U.S. coal and oil. A formal U.S. withdrawal will take until 2020. No other nation has followed his lead. U.S. influence is likely to wane compared to other big greenhouse emitters led by China, the European Union and India even though Washington will still have a place at the table in Bonn.  The rest of the world, including all major emerging economies, has made it clear that it is committed to the Paris Agreement,  Maldives Environment Minister Thor Abraham, chair of the Alliance of Small Island States (OASIS), told Reuters. China, on track to beat its goal of a peak in carbon emissions in 2030, seems best placed to step up leadership of an agreement largely designed by Washington under former president Barack Obama, many delegates say. The meeting  will be a great free advertisement for China,  one European environment minister said. And Beijing plans to launch a nationwide carbon market this year, albeit delayed from the first half.  The results (in Bonn) will prove that this (Paris) process has certainly not stopped,  China s top climate official, Xi Zhenhua, told a news conference last week. He expressed hopes that Washington will end up staying in the Paris pact. Adding urgency, 2017 is set to be the second warmest on record, behind 2016, according to NASA. And 2017 has had weather extremes of hurricanes, floods and drought-fuelled wildfires. Fiji will preside at the Bonn talks, the first small island nation to do so in more than two decades of U.N. climate negotiations. That may give OASIS, at risk from rising seas, unprecedented influence.      The Paris rule book, including details of how to measure and report emissions, is due to be in place by the end of 2018. Alden Meyer, of the Union of Concerned Scientists, said governments will face a tougher test in coming years when they have to ratchet up national ambitions to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement. The United Nations says average temperatures will rise about three degrees Celsius (5.4 Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial times by 2100 with existing policies, against a Paris goal of keeping them  well below  two degrees (3.6F), ideally 1.5 (2.7F). And on Friday, U.S. scientists released a report saying it was  extremely likely  that human activities are the main source of warming, contradicting Trump s views.  The U.S. has painted itself into a corner,  isolated both from other nations and from mainstream science, Christiana Figures, who was the U.N. climate chief in Paris, told Reuters. ",1
15656,Brussels prosecutors to speak on ex-Catalan leader Puigdemont,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Brussels prosecutors will hold a news conference at 1300 GMT on sacked Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont, the subject of a European arrest warrant issued by Spain, a spokesman for the Belgian authority said on Sunday. Warrants for rebellion, sedition, misuse of public funds, disobedience and breach of trust relating to Catalonia s independence campaign concern Puigdemont and four of his associates who fled to Belgium after Madrid s central government imposed direct rule in the autonomous region.  We will give a press conference at 2 p.m. (local time). I can t confirm the arrests of the five people,  spokesman Gilles Dejemeppe said. According to Belgian procedures, prosecutors must bring suspects to a judge, who has 24 hours to decide whether or not to approve the arrest warrant. Appeals can stretch the process to as long as 45 days. ",1
15657,"Factbox: Saudi Arabia detains princes, ministers in anti-corruption probe","DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia detained 11 princes, four current ministers and tens of former ministers in a probe by a new anti-corruption body headed by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, Saudi-owned Al Arabiya television reported. According to a senior Saudi official who declined to be identified under briefing rules, those detained include:  - Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, chairman of Kingdom Holding 4280.SE - Prince Miteb bin Abdullah, minister of the National Guard - Prince Turki bin Abdullah, former governor of Riyadh province - Khalid al-Tuwaijri, former chief of the Royal Court - Adel Fakeih, Minister of Economy and Planning - Ibrahim al-Assaf, former finance minister - Abdullah al-Sultan, commander of the Saudi navy - Bakr bin Laden, chairman of Saudi Binladin Group - Mohammad al-Tobaishi, former head of protocol at the Royal Court - Amr al-Dabbagh, former governor of Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority - Alwaleed al-Ibrahim, owner of television network MBC - Khalid al-Mulheim, former director-general at Saudi Arabian Airlines  - Saoud al-Daweesh , former chief executive of Saudi Telecom 7010.SE - Prince Turki bin Nasser, former head of the Presidency of Meteorology and Environment - Prince Fahad bin Abdullah bin Mohammad al-Saud, former deputy defence minister - Saleh Kamel, businessman - Mohammad al-Amoudi, businessman ",1
15658,Saudi stocks rebound after initial drop on corruption probe,"DUBAI (Reuters) - The Saudi stock market rebounded into positive territory on Sunday after initially dropping sharply in response to a corruption inquiry that led to a string of detentions of prominent political and business figures. The stock index .TASI was up 0.02 percent an hour before the close, after falling 2.2 percent at one stage. Some investors worry the investigation could force people implicated to sell equity holdings. But many think the purge will remove opposition to Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, helping him accelerate economic reforms such as privatization and big development projects.    ",1
15659,Philippines frees four East Timorese to attend ASEAN meeting,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine immigration authorities freed four East Timor delegates after holding them for 12 hours at Manila airport in a security clampdown ahead of the ASEAN and East Asia Summit next week. The four East Timorese were allowed into the Philippines but authorities kept their passports until a formal order is issued clearing their entry, said Rhoda Viajar, media relations of the ASEAN Civil Society Conference/ASEAN People s Forum. Immigration authorities said the four were held upon arrival on Saturday morning because they could not explain the purpose of their travel and were  not able to establish financial capacity for the visit .  The civil society conference organizers understand the more stringent security measures being implemented due to the upcoming ASEAN summit,  Viajar said. She said they  remain concerned about the possibility of similar incidents upon the arrival of many more participants from other countries . Since 2005, ASEAN leaders have held a dialogue with the region s top civil society groups to listen to development concerns and address critical issues such as poverty, health and education. Philippines security forces are deploying nearly 60,000 army and police personnel during the Nov. 10-14 ASEAN and East Asia Summit to ensure the safety of 19 world leaders and thousands of delegates from 10 Southeast Asian nations and 10 other dialogue partners, including U.S. President Donald Trump.  We have not monitored any real and direct threat in the national capital region, but we are not complacent,  national police chief Ronald dela Rosa told reporters after reviewing security preparations on Sunday.  There could be threats but we are ready and we are up to the challenge.  Police will deploy 400 mobile patrol cars, 200 motorcyles, 22 armored vehicles and 100 bomb-sniffing dogs to ensure the security and safety of leaders, officials and delegates to the biggest regional summit in Manila this year.     Some areas will be completely locked down, such as where heads of state and governments will hold meetings. Main roads running from the former U.S. air force base about 90 kms north of Manila to the venues will be partly closed. Interior Undersecretary Catalino Cuy said there was no plan to jam mobile phone signals to prevent potential crude bomb attacks because this would cause inconvenience for state officials and security personnel. ",1
15660,Philippines arrests Indonesian wife of slain Islamist militant leader,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine security forces on Sunday arrested the Indonesian wife of the slain pro-Islamic State militant leader who planned and led the attack on Marawi City, authorities said. President Rodrigo Duterte declared last month the liberation of Marawi City from the Maute group, a pro-Islamic State militant group which held the lakeside town after the death of two top leaders, including the woman s husband Omarkhayam. The army announced the termination of combat operations a week later, ending a five-month battle that killed more than 1,100 people, including 165 soldiers. Close to 400,000 people were also displaced as fighting destroyed the city. National Police Chief Ronald dela Rosa said bomb-making materials were seized from Minhati Madrais, who was with her six children when security forces raided her home in Iligan City.  Her children, who are all minors, will be turned over to the social welfare department,  he said, adding that rebellion and illegal possession of explosive devices charges were now being prepared against her. He said Madrais, alias Baby, was among more than 100 people ordered arrested by Defence Secretary Delfin Lorenzana after martial law was declared by Duterte on May 23. Madrais  passport is also expired, another violation of Philippine laws, he added. Sporadic gunfire were still heard in Marawi City on Sunday, almost two weeks after combat operations were formally terminated, Colonel Romeo Brawner, deputy commander of Task Force Ranao, told reporters.  We are still hunting down stragglers,  he said, adding there could be as many as 39 militants hiding in the ruined city based on information from captured Indonesian militants.  We do not have information how many militants are still there. But, we will hunt them down.  The new army commander, Lieutenant-General Rey Leonardo Guerrero, said he would work closely with Indonesia and Malaysia to step up coordinated sea and air patrols along the borders where kidnappings and attacks on shipping are happening.  We intend to increase the frequency of our coordinated patrols with our ASEAN neighbors to stop piracy and militant attacks in these dangerous seas,  he said. ",1
15661,Saudi Prince Alwaleed has invested billions in companies around globe,"DUBAI (Reuters) - The detention of Saudi Arabia s Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, known for his big bets on Citigroup (C.N) and other top Western companies, could have an impact on billions of dollars of investments around the world. For many foreigners, Prince Alwaleed - whose net worth has been estimated by Forbes magazine at $17 billion - is the face of Saudi business, appearing frequently on international television and in articles on his investments and lifestyle. A 2013 Forbes magazine profile described his marble-filled, 420-room Riyadh palace, a private Boeing 747 equipped with a throne, and his 120-acre resort on the edge of the Saudi capital with five homes, five artificial lakes and a mini-Grand Canyon. He is also known for his outspoken views on politics - making headlines in 2015 when he called Donald Trump a  disgrace  on Twitter during the U.S. election campaign. Prince Alwaleed s investments, current and future, may now be in doubt after he was detained in an investigation by a new Saudi anti-corruption body.  There will be questions on what this all means,  said a senior executive at a European financial institution, who visited Riyadh late last month to attend a big international conference promoting Saudi Arabia as an investment destination.   People will be looking at any kind of international holdings of the people who have been arrested, to see what will be the impact.  Aside from a stake in Citigroup, Prince Alwaleed, 62, owns significant stakes in Twitter (TWTR.N), ride-hailing firm Lyft and Time Warner (TWX.N).  His investment firm Kingdom Holding 4280.SE - whose share price plunged 10 percent on Sunday in response to news of his detention - recently bought about half of a 31.1 percent stake in Saudi lender Banque Saudi Fransi 1050.SE from France s Credit Agricole (CAGR.PA). Prince Alwaleed s father was the kingdom s finance minister during the 1960s. Prince Alwaleed formed Kingdom Holding in 1979, initially pouring money into real estate in Riyadh; in the 1990s he ventured into Wall Street, investing heavily in Citigroup.  He had a close relationship with former Citigroup Chief Executive Sanford  Sandy  Weill, and has nurtured close ties with other Wall Street leaders including Goldman Sachs (GS.N) CEO Lloyd Blankfein.  Prince Alwaleed increased his stake in Citigroup at the height of the global financial crisis a decade ago and he has held on to the stake, saying as recently as last month that he was very happy with the investment.  He s always been a colorful and unofficial public face of Saudi Arabia, though he has never been a key decision-maker in the kingdom,  a Gulf-based businessman said. During the U.S. election campaign, Prince Alwaleed demanded that Trump withdraw from the election campaign after the candidate pledged to ban Muslims  entry into the United States. Trump responded by tweeting that the Saudi prince wanted to control  our politicians with daddy s money. Can t do it after I get elected.  After Trump s election victory, Prince Alwaleed said whatever their past differences, America had spoken, and he  congratulated Trump on his victory. Prince Alwaleed was an early advocate of women s employment in Saudi Arabia and a lifting of the ban on women driving. In September, King Salman ordered that the ban should be lifted next year. ",1
15662,Russia-backed Syrian congress postponed: Turkish presidential spokesman,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A Russian-sponsored Syrian peace congress scheduled for Nov. 18 has been postponed and the main Syrian Kurdish group will not be invited if it is held later after objections by Turkey, President Tayyip Erdogan s spokesman said on Sunday. Asked for comment, Russia s Foreign Ministry spokeswoman referred to her regular weekly briefing on Thursday in which she said Moscow was working on  dates, venue, the participants  lineup . The list of expected participants, which included the Kurds, has since been deleted from the ministry s website. The head of the Kurdish PYD party indicated last week that it favored attending the peace congress in what would be the first time the Kurds participate in a major diplomatic push to end the war in Syria.  Russia told us that the meeting has now been postponed and that the PYD will not be invited,  Erdogan s spokesman, Ibrahim Kalin, told broadcaster NTV in an interview. The PYD has emerged as one of the most powerful players in Syria since the war began in 2011 and has said it was invited to the meeting in the Russian Black Sea city of Sochi.     Turkey views the PYD and its armed YPD affiliate as offshoots of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has fought a decades-long insurgency in Turkey and is designated a terrorist group by Ankara, the United States and European Union. The YPG controls swathes of northern Syria where Kurdish-led local administrations have been set up and is allied to the United States as the core of the Syrian Defence Forces (SDF) that drove Islamic State militants from much of northern Syria. The main rebel groups fighting to overthrow Syrian President Bashar al-Assad are planning to boycott the peace congress in Sochi, which Moscow says will focus on a new constitution. ",1
15663,Saudi Finance Ministry says crackdown preserves investment climate,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s Finance Ministry said on Sunday that the kingdom s decision to set up an anti-corruption committee and detain prominent figures enhanced confidence in the rule of law, Al Arabiya television reported.  The decisions preserve Saudi Arabia s investment climate, the Saudi-owned television channel said.  Saudi Arabia announced the committee and the detentions late on Saturday. ",1
15664,Saudi's Kingdom Holding reports swing to quarterly profit from big loss,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabian investment firm Kingdom Holding 4280.SE reported it swung to a third-quarter profit on Sunday, hours after its billionaire chairman Prince Alwaleed bin Talal was detained as part of a corruption crackdown. Kingdom Holding, whose investments include stakes in major international firms such as Citigroup (C.N) and Twitter (TWTR.N), said it made 247.5 million riyals ($66 million) in the three months to Sept. 30, compared with a restated loss of 355 million riyals in the same period a year ago. It reported a 179.9 million riyal profit for the third quarter last year but the company said on Sunday it had restated that figure  to be consistent with current figures . It did not elaborate. Saudi companies moved to internationally accepted IFRS accounting standards this year from a local system. Profit for the third quarter of this year was boosted by an increase in hotel and operating revenues, larger dividend income, and income and gains on investments, the company said. Revenue increased 76 percent to 550 million riyals. Prince Alwaleed has been detained by Saudi security authorities, a senior Saudi official told Reuters on Sunday. Saudi-owned Al Arabiya television reported he was detained along with 10 other princes, four current ministers and tens of former ministers in a probe by a new anti-corruption body headed by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. Kingdom did not release a statement early on Sunday about the detention, and did not respond to requests for comment. ",1
15665,"Riding high, Xi looks to soothe Trump as U.S. pressures China","BEIJING (Reuters) - When they met at U.S. President Donald Trump s Mar-a-Lago estate in April, China s President Xi Jinping found a way to charm the mercurial former real estate mogul. Trump hailed the  good chemistry  of the sunny summit in Florida and predicted  lots of very potentially bad problems will be going away.   The  bromance  is set to continue when Xi returns the favor by laying on a lavish welcome for Trump s visit starting on Wednesday. Xi has grown more powerful since their last meeting, while Trump is under a political cloud after his former campaign manager was indicted in an intensifying investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election.   Chinese experts say Beijing has learned to manage Trump, a real-estate mogul who had never held elective office before becoming president, and whose administration in its first 10 months has been turbulent.   China has an objective view of him. We re going to make him feel comfortable,  said Wang Yiwei, a professor of international relations at Renmin University.  He may end up being re-elected. We need to look at this from a long-term perspective, and not view him as an  other  or a joke.  Trump clearly respects Xi. In a congratulatory phone call, Trump hailed the  extraordinary elevation  of Xi, whose political thoughts were enshrined in the Communist Party s constitution last month during a congress marking the start of his second term.  Aboard Air Force One on his way to Asia, Trump cited record stock market levels, low unemployment and Islamic State  virtually defeated in the Middle East  as evidence of his own success.  (Xi) knows that and he respects that,  Trump said, adding trade is still an irritant in ties.  I think he s viewing us as very, very strong and also very friendly. Look we have to do better with trade with China because it s a one way street right now. It has been for many years. And we will.   STATE-PLUS  China s ambassador to the United States, Cui Tiankai, said Trump will receive a  state visit-plus  experience in Beijing. It s unclear what the  plus  means. Trump is expected to go to the Forbidden City and participate in an inspection of Chinese troops, though China has released few other details. The  protocol will let Trump  rejoice in grandiosity , important to keeping relations stable, said Teng Jianqun, head of American Studies at Foreign Ministry think-tank China Institute for International Studies.  We must seize upon his special characteristics, such as liking instant gratification, and set up some things that bring immediate results,  he said. On the commercial front, that means a slew of deals - and worries among some in the U.S. business community that the transactional Trump will be placated by a handful of contract wins instead of resolving long-standing complaints over discriminatory Chinese policies and market access restrictions. [L4N1N304G] Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang told reporters on Friday that China would  create a good atmosphere  with informal activities for the two presidents, so they have ample time to talk about important issues. Zheng said that at the April summit, Trump and his wife Melania had extended an  extremely warm, friendly and thoughtful  reception to Xi and his wife Peng Liyuan.  The Chinese people demand that courtesy be repaid in kind,  he said. Trump is a popular figure for many in China, who admire his business acumen; he is not the divisive figure he is in the United States and its allies in Europe and elsewhere.  The WeChat account of the ruling Communist Party s official People s Daily marked China s announcement of his visit with a picture of a beaming Trump and the headline  Trump s coming!  A contrast between the two presidents was set at the start of the year.  Days ahead of Trump taking office, Xi was the keynote speaker at the World Economic Forum in Davos, offering a vigorous defense of globalization. Trump formally withdrew the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership his first week in office, distancing America from its Asian allies.  One Beijing-based Western diplomat said Xi s strong and confident vision for China contrasts with perceptions that Trump often seems to pick arguments. But not with China. Trump in office put aside his grievances about China s trade and currency practices, aired vociferously during the campaign, to get China behind his strategy of punishing sanctions on North Korea for its escalating missile and nuclear tests. And Beijing accommodated him when he grew frustrated. Days after Trump s Sept. 4 tweet that the United States was considering  stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea,  Beijing ordered North Korean companies operating within its borders to shut down, banned its exports of textiles and reduced China s oil exports to the North. But with North Korea occupying most of the Trump administration s attention in Asia, China s construction of military facilities on artificial islands in disputed waters of the South China Sea has seemingly fallen off the radar. Beijing does still get irritated about U.S. navy  freedom of navigation  patrols there, which have continued under Trump.  Trump is very popular with the (Chinese) military,  said a Chinese official with ties to the military, speaking on condition of anonymity.  It s great for China that the United States is in chaos. It means we don t have to worry about them challenging us.  Trump s 12-day trip to Asia   the longest by a U.S. president in a quarter-century - will give him a chance to reassure friends and allies in the region, who have expressed uncertainty about his  America First  policies.  Tillerson has already signaled the limits of Washington s patience with China. Ahead of a trip to India last month, Tillerson said that  China, while rising alongside India, has done so less responsibly, at times undermining the international, rules-based order,  and he criticized China for its  predatory economics  and its  provocative actions in the South China Sea . At last month s party congress, Xi laid out a vision for a prosperous and assertive China taking a bigger place on the global stage. The congress left China with  greater confidence and lung power, more unhurried in its dealings with the United States,  Wang Wen, president of Renmin University s Chongyang Institute for Financial Studies, wrote in a front page commentary on Friday in the overseas edition of the People s Daily. ",1
15666,Australia turns down NZ offer to take asylum seekers barricaded inside camp,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia turned down on Sunday an offer to take 150 asylum seekers being held in an Australian-run detention center in Papua New Guinea, where U.N. officials have warned a humanitarian emergency is unfolding. About 600 men have barricaded themselves inside the camp on remote Manus island in Papua New Guinea, defying efforts by Australia and PNG to shut it. Food, running water and medical services were cut off by Australia five days ago. Australian authorities want the men moved to a transit center elsewhere on the island at the start of a process the asylum seekers fear will result in them being resettled in PNG or another developing nation. The men also fear violent reprisals from the local community. New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said on Friday her country was willing to take 150 asylum seekers from among those held on Manus island and another camp on the tiny Pacific nation of Nauru. Her Australian counterpart, Malcolm Turnbull, however said Canberra preferred to work through an existing refugee swap deal he negotiated with former U.S. President Barack Obama last year. Under that deal, up to 1,250 asylum seekers could be sent to the United States and Australia will in turn accept refugees from Central America.  We want to pursue those, conclude those arrangements, and then in the wake of that obviously we can consider other ones,  Turnbull told Ardern during a media conference in Sydney. Relocating the men on Manus island is designed as a temporary measure, allowing the United States time to complete vetting of asylum seekers.  Ardern acknowledged the two Tasman neighbors faced different immigration problems but said the offer remained open. The camps on Manus island and Nauru have been key parts of Australia s disputed  Sovereign Borders  immigration policy, under which it refuses to allow asylum seekers arriving by boat to reach its shores. Australia s offshore detention policies have been heavily criticized by the United Nations and human rights groups but are backed the center-right government and the Labor opposition. U.N. rights spokesman Rupert Colville told a news conference in Geneva on Friday about the  unfolding humanitarian emergency  in the Manus island center, where asylum seekers have been reported digging wells to try to find water. ",1
15667,Saudi Arabia says it intercepts missile close to capital,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s air defense forces intercepted a ballistic missile fired from warring Yemen over the capital Riyadh on Saturday, state news agencies reported. The missile was brought down near King Khaled Airport on the northern outskirts of the city and did not cause any casualties, said Saudi state-owned Al Ekhbariya TV. Rocket fragments fell near the airport grounds, but air traffic carried on normally, the Saudi civil aviation authority said on its official Twitter account. Saudi Arabia is part of a coalition carrying out bombings of the Iran-allied armed Houthi movement in Yemen which has taken over the capital Sanaa and other parts of the country during its civil war. Saudi Arabia, which supports the internationally-recognized Yemeni government based in Aden, has frequently intercepted missiles fired from its neighbor. Residents of northern Riyadh reported hearing a single deafening explosion that rattled windows around 20:20 local time, followed by rumbling and other sounds.  We heard an enormous loud boom and went outside, then heard a low rumbling noise like thunder and six to 12 smaller explosions,  one resident told Reuters. The missile was fired into Saudi territory from Yemen at 20:00 local time, the spokesman of a Saudi-led military coalition said in a statement carried by state news agency SPA. Saba News, which is run by the Houthi rebels, reported that the missile was a Burkan H2 and that the airport had been the target. U.S. President Donald Trump commented on the missile interception during comments on U.S. military hardware on Sunday.  A shot was just taken by Iran, in my opinion, at Saudi Arabia...and our system knocked the missile out of the air. Nobody makes what we make, and now we re seeing it all over the world,  he told reporters on Air Force One en route to Tokyo. Saudi Arabia and its allies, which receive logistical and intelligence help from the United States, accuse the Houthis of being a proxy of Iran. The Saudi-led coalition has launched thousands of air strikes against the Houthis. On Wednesday, witnesses said one such strike killed 26 people at a hotel and adjoining market in northern Yemen, although the coalition said on Saturday it had hit a legitimate target. The Houthi and allied forces loyal to former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh have fired dozens of missiles into Saudi territory over the course of a 2-1/2 year war, including a ballistic missile shot down near Mecca in July. The conflict has led to one of the world s worst humanitarian crises and killed at least 10,000 people.  ",1
15668,"Saudi king sacks top ministers, gives more power to crown prince","RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi King Salman appointed two new ministers on Saturday to key security and economic posts, removing one of the royal family s most prominent members as head of the National Guard and boosting the kingdom s young crown prince. The king also announced the creation of a new anti-corruption committee chaired by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman which Al Arabiya TV said had already detained 11 princes, four current ministers and tens of former ministers. The suspects were not named. The cabinet reshuffle saw Prince Miteb bin Abdullah replaced as minister of the National Guard by Khaled bin Ayyaf, while Economy Minister Adel Fakieh was removed in favor of his deputy Mohammed al-Tuwaijri, according to a royal decree carried by state-run media. Prince Miteb, the preferred son of the late King Abdullah, was once thought to be a leading contender for the throne before the unexpected rise of Prince Mohammed two years ago. He had inherited control of the National Guard, an elite internal security force built out of traditional tribal units, from his father, who ran it for five decades. Prince Miteb was the last remaining member of Abdullah s branch of the family to hold a position in the upper echelons of the Saudi power structure. The move consolidates Crown Prince Mohammed s control of the kingdom s security institutions, which had long been headed by separate powerful branches of the ruling family. Prince Mohammed, the king s 32-year-old son, already serves as defense minister and was named heir to the throne in a June reshuffle that sidelined his older cousin, Prince Mohammed bin Nayef who had also served as interior minister. He has been responsible at the same time for running Saudi Arabia s war in Yemen, dictating an energy policy with global implications and behind the plans for the kingdom to build a future after oil. Prince Mohammed, who has pledged to go after graft at the highest levels, will now also head up the new anti-corruption body, which was given broad powers to investigate cases, issue arrest warrants and travel restrictions, and freeze assets.  The homeland will not exist unless corruption is uprooted and the corrupt are held accountable,  the royal decree said. The country s new economy minister, Tuwaijri, is a former Saudi air force pilot and former chief executive of HSBC s Middle East operations who has led the economy ministry s program to privatize some $200 billion of government assets. He replaces Fakieh, who served as the point man for the kingdom s wide-ranging economic reforms since his appointment as economy and planning minister in 2015. A former food executive with a reputation for pushing through politically sensitive reforms, Fakieh had previously served as labor minister, health minister and mayor of Jeddah. Fakieh faced down fierce opposition from the business community as labor minister when he established quotas for foreign workers to boost jobs for Saudis. Under Prince Mohammed, Fakieh led the development of a national transformation plan and privatization drive launched last year to end the kingdom s vulnerability to an unpredictable oil market. His replacement comes as the kingdom makes adjustments to that plan, a process dubbed NTP 2.0. The royal decree did not say whether Fakieh would hold any other government position. Former ministers often serve in advisory roles after leaving their posts. ",1
15669,China to expand corruption supervision pilot scheme nationwide: Xinhua,"BEIJING - China will expand a pilot project for anti-graft supervision reforms nationwide next year that will consolidate existing corruption agencies, state-run news agency Xinhua reported, as President Xi Jinping expands his signature policy drive. Xinhua said in a report published late on Saturday China s top legislature adopted a decision calling for new supervisory commissions to be set up by the People s Congresses at provincial, city and county-levels to  supervise those exercising public power . Xi s signature anti-graft drive has jailed or otherwise punished nearly 1.4 million Communist Party members since 2012. The leader, who began his second five-year term in October, has vowed to maintain the  irreversible  momentum of the campaign to root out corruption. China aims to pass a national supervision law and set up a new commission at the annual parliament meetings early next year. The new National Supervision Commission will work with the Communist Party s anti-graft body, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, expanding the purview of Xi s anti-graft campaign to include employees at state-backed institutions.  Xinhua said the commissions to be set up nationwide under the China legislature s new directive will have the power to investigate illegal activities such as graft, misuse of authority, neglect of duty, and wasting public funds. The commissions will have the ability to conduct searches, freeze assets and detain suspects as part of those efforts, the Xinhua report said. ",1
15670,Billionaire Saudi prince Alwaleed detained in probe: official,"DUBAI, - Billionaire Saudi Arabian Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, who owns investment firm Kingdom Holding 4280.SE, is among people detained and under investigation by a new anti-corruption body, a senior Saudi official told Reuters on Sunday. Also detained and under investigation is former Saudi finance minister Ibrahim al-Assaf, said the official, who declined to be identified under briefing rules. Neither man could be reached immediately for comment. King Salman announced late on Saturday the creation of a new anti-corruption committee chaired by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, which Saudi-owned Al Arabiya television said had detained 11 princes, four current ministers and tens of former ministers. ",1
15671,China tests new dredger capable of South China Sea projects: state media,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China is testing a new dredger ship that will greatly enhance its land reclamation capabilities, a state media report said on Sunday, as the country continues to develop facilities in the South China Sea in a bid to strengthen its claims in the waters. State-run Beijing News newspaper said the Tian Kun began water tests on Friday. A cutter suction dredger is a type of a ship used for large-scale projects to create or reclaim land.       For example, there are many hard coral reefs on the sea floor of the South China Sea,  the paper quoted Zhang Xiaofeng, chief engineer for the vessel, as saying, adding the ship will be put into service sometime in the first half of 2018.  Recent satellite images show that China has quietly undertaken more construction and reclamation in the South China Sea, through which about $5 trillion in ship-borne trade passes each year, in a bid to strengthen its grip despite objections from Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam as well as the United States. Some experts say China will land its first deployments of jet fighters onto its runways in the Spratly islands in coming months.  The United States is concerned China s construction of islands and military buildup in the waters could be used to restrict free nautical movement. Its ships have carried out freedom of navigation patrols in the area, angering China.  The subject could come up when Trump visits Beijing next week as part of his 12-day Asia trip and meets with Chinese President Xi Jinping, though North Korea s recent nuclear and missile tests are expected to feature more prominently in talks.  The South China Sea issue isn t an issue between China and the United States,  China Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang told reporters on Friday, adding there is no issue with freedom of navigation in the region and that China has indisputable sovereignty over islands and surrounding waters.    ",1
15672,U.S. warns of threat to diplomatic staff in Somali capital,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - The United States  diplomatic mission in Somalia has directed all non-essential staff to leave the capital Mogadishu, saying it had received a  specific threat  against its employees. The move came a day after Washington carried out its first air strikes against Islamic State militants in the country, in raids it said killed  several terrorists .  Due to specific threat information against U.S. personnel on the Mogadishu International Airport, the U.S. Mission to Somalia has directed its non-essential U.S. citizen employees to depart Mogadishu until further notice,  said a statement. It did not give further details. Islamic State has been gathering recruits in the region, but it remains a small player compared to the al Shabaab group. Last month, a group loyal to Islamic State seized a small port town in Somalia s semi-autonomous Puntland region. Al Shabaab is linked to Islamic State s rival al Qaeda and once controlled much of Somalia. The group aims to drive out international peacekeepers, topple Somalia s Western-backed government and impose its strict version of Islam on the Horn of Africa state. The United States has occasionally carried out strikes against al Shabaab. More than 350 people were killed in twin bombings in Mogadishu last month blamed on the group. ",1
15673,Fight for grassroots democracy in Cambodia sidelines U.S.,"BATTAMBANG, Cambodia (Reuters) - Sin Rozeth s attempts to show the benefits of grassroots democracy to some of the poorest people in the Cambodian city of Battambang are in peril. The 30-year-old daughter of a vegetable seller became the head of Ochar commune, the equivalent of local council leader, in elections in June. Her victory was part of an  all politics is local  strategy that helped the opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) win 40 percent of the 1,646 local seats at stake. Previously it had just 2 percent. But the authoritarian government of former Khmer Rouge commander Hun Sen is now cracking down at every level on a party that had shown it might beat him at elections due next July. The longest-serving prime minister in the world accuses the CNRP of doing the bidding of the United States. Hun Sen s government has arrested CNRP leader Kem Sokha on treason charges and taken steps to have the party dissolved altogether. Once vocal rights groups have also been silenced and media critical of the ruling party have been repressed.  For Sin Rozeth, it has meant warning letters from city and provincial authorities threatening to remove her.  Now voters are showing signs of discouragement in Ochar, a community of 18,000 where Battambang spills into rice fields and dwellings patched from metal sheet and wood sit alongside low-rise cinderblock homes. Few new voters in the commune have registered ahead of next year s national elections, she said. It is the same picture across Cambodia. The electoral commission estimated 1.6 million people needed to register - either because they had come of age or had been missed before   and barely a quarter have done so ahead of a Nov. 9 deadline.     At stake is the shaky democracy that Western donors spent billions of dollars trying to build after the genocide of the Khmer Rouge killed an estimated 1.7 million people - around a quarter of the population - between 1975 and 1979. Hun Sen s dominance dates from 1985, when he became prime minister under the patronage of occupying Vietnamese forces he had helped to drive out his former Khmer Rouge comrades. A 1991 peace deal ended civil war and U.N.-supervised elections were held in 1993. Hun Sen lost, but maneuvered to keep power and has used force and the courts to undermine opponents ever since. Sin Rozeth, who took up politics after dropping out of university for lack of money, said she made some money through helping others with real estate deals in Battambang province to support herself and her single mother, who raised her. Her commune s official budget had been frozen and she had to pay the office s electricity bill from her own pocket, she said. Donors in Cambodia and abroad also helped. They bought a computer and plastic chairs for the office.  It is very hard to work,  Sin Rozeth said. City and provincial authorities have sent three warning letters. Among the accusations: offering services free of charge, discriminating against ruling party officials, usurping the role of the commune clerk and holding meetings on Saturdays. The CNRP s commune chiefs elsewhere complain, too. Va Sam, of Kok Khleang commune in Phnom Penh, said the interior ministry had taken over issuing documents such as land titles and birth certificates, previously a big source of funds for the commune. Discrimination against CNRP commune chiefs was widespread, said Mu Sochua, a deputy of Kem Sokha who fled into exile fearing arrest.  Other communes face the same targeting if we shine and show too much competence,  she told Reuters. Battambang s provincial governor, Nguon Ratanak, from the government of the ruling Cambodia People s Party (CPP), told Reuters local leaders had to obey the law and denied stopping anyone from developing their communes.  They still want to apply the political policies used during the campaign,  he said.  Commune chiefs must work under the guidelines of the interior ministry, not their political party.          If the CNRP is banned, with a court decision due on Nov. 16, the ruling party would take control of all the communes the CNRP currently leads, based on a change to the election law approved by Cambodia s CPP-dominated parliament last month. The government dismisses criticism that the crackdown ahead of next July s election is turning Cambodia into a one-party state. It says it is only acting against those who have broken Cambodia s laws. Arrested in a midnight raid on Sept. 3, CNRP leader Kem Sokha was accused of plotting with Americans to organize a  color revolution  like those that toppled eastern European strongmen.   We can t let this dangerous revolution happen in Cambodia,  said senior interior ministry official Huy Vannak.  You try to put an American jacket onto a Cambodian and it doesn t fit.   Among those forced out even before Kem Sokha s arrest was the U.S. State Department funded National Democratic Institute (NDI), which spent 25 years on a democracy-building mission that cost an average $2 million a year for the past five years. Sin Rozeth, who was born two years after Hun Sen came to power in 1985, has benefited from its training, as did many members of the ruling party. It included lessons in campaigning - trainers taught her not to attack other parties, she said -  and how to present her own policies.        NDI said that since the recent elections, 138 ruling party members had participated in NDI activities along with 153 members of the opposition.  If this was an effort to try to collude with the opposition then we re guilty of colluding with the ruling party as well,  NDI president Kenneth Wollack told Reuters. Within days of Kem Sokha s arrest, a top Chinese official flew to Phnom Penh with words of support. China has replaced the United States as Cambodia s biggest single donor by far.  In the U.S. Congress, Senators John McCain and Dick Durbin have introduced a resolution that could lead to travel restrictions on Cambodian leaders.  Cambodian officials say they don t fear any penalties.  The Americans can t even control North Korea,  government spokesman Phay Siphan told Reuters.  Sin Rozeth believes the strategy of promising change locally as well as nationally helped explain her party s success. Facebook Live videos show the diminutive and energetic figure getting drains built through muddy streets of Battambang, famed for Cambodia s finest jasmine rice and its French colonial architecture, winning her followers far beyond the city.  I went out to meet people and get to know their problems. I went to funerals to pay condolences even if I didn t know the people,  said Sin Rozeth.    We just have to show what we can deliver day by day,  she said.  We re a new generation and we want to show that administration can be effective and clean and free of charge.  A 2013 video about that strategy was used as evidence against Kem Sokha. In it, he says he has the backing of unnamed Americans for a plan to win power requiring that  before changing the top level, we need to uproot the lower one . For Kem Sokha, it was a legitimate political strategy in a democracy. The government called it treason. ",1
15674,"Slovakia's far-right party, ruling leftists lose regional elections","BRATISLAVA (Reuters) - The far-right People s Party-Our Slovakia lost Saturday s regional elections, turning the Central European country against the trend of far-right gains in Germany, Austria and the Czech Republic in recent months. Right-wing and anti-immigrant parties have been on the rise across Europe after years of slow economic growth and the arrival of more than a million migrants and refugees from the Middle East and Africa. Slovakia s economy has boomed and the country has seen little immigration, but rising public anger over graft scandals linked to conventional parties has generated support for fringe parties and protest groups. Regional election four years ago saw a surprising first-time victory of People s Party chairman Marian Kotleba as governor in Banska Bystrica, central Slovakia, and his party won 8 percent of the vote and its first-ever seats in national parliament last year. Support for the party, which has launched a petition to hold a referendum to exit the EU and NATO, has since risen to about 10 percent, making it the third strongest group after leftist Smer and euroskeptic liberals, according to opinion polls. On Saturday, Kotleba lost the reelection bid to an entrepreneur Jan Lunter, a non-partisan endorsed by all parties except the far-right, near-complete results from the Statistics Office showed on Sunday. Kotleba s right hand, the party s deputy chairman Milan Uhrik also lost the governor s race in the southwestern Nitra region. Kotleba and two other lawmakers are facing extremism charges and prosecutors took steps in May to ban the entire party, saying it posed a threat to Slovakia s democratic system. The party, whose members have organized torch-lit marches wearing black uniforms modeled on a World War Two Nazi puppet state, denies any links to fascism. Last year they started patrolling trains, some carrying legally-held weapons, in regions with a strong Roma population. In another upset, Prime Minister Robert Fico s leftist Smer party only won two reelection bids, losing four regions to center-right opposition candidates, a sign of its weakening grip on power in the euro zone country. General elections last year saw Smer s support shrink to 28.3 percent from 44.4 percent in 2012, but it is still the strongest party with double the support of the euroskeptic liberal Freedom and Solidarity party, whose candidate was elected governor of the capital Bratislava region. ",1
15675,Trump heads to Japan with North Korea on his mind,"HONOLULU (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump headed to Japan on the first stop of his five-nation tour of Asia on Saturday, looking to present a united front with the Japanese against North Korea as tensions run high over Pyongyang s nuclear and missile tests. Trump, who is on a 12-day trip, is to speak to U.S. and Japanese forces at Yokota air base shortly after arriving in Japan on Sunday and looked to stress the importance of the alliance to regional security. Ballistic missile tests by North Korea and its sixth and largest nuclear test, in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions, have exacerbated the most critical international challenge of Trump s presidency. Aerial drills conducted over South Korea by two U.S. strategic bombers have raised tensions in recent days. In a display of golf diplomacy, Trump is to play a round of golf with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. The two leaders also played together in Florida earlier this year. Trump will also have a state call with the Imperial Family at Akasaka Palace during his visit. Abe and Trump will meet families of Japanese citizens abducted by North Korea. Joined by his wife Melania on part of the trip, Trump s tour of Asia is the longest by an American president since George H.W. Bush in 1992. Besides Japan, he will visit South Korea, China, Vietnam and the Philippines. Trump departed Hawaii for Japan aboard Air Force One shortly before 7:27 a.m. Hawaii time (1727 GMT). En route to Hawaii s Hickham Air Force Base, Trump s motorcade stopped briefly at the Trump International Hotel Waikiki.  It has been a tremendously successful project and he wanted to say hello and thank you to the employees for all their hard work,  White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said.  Trump extended the trip by a day on Friday when he agreed to participate in a summit of East Asian nations in Manila. His trip got off to a colorful start in Hawaii. He was taken by boat out to the USS Arizona Memorial, where lies the World War Two ship that was sunk by the Japanese during the Pearl Harbor attack in 1941. The Trumps tossed white flower petals into the waters at the memorial in honor of those who died at Pearl Harbor.  Trump s trip is to be dominated by trade and how to muster more international pressure on North Korea to give up nuclear weapons.  We ll be talking about trade,  Trump told reporters at the White House on Friday.  We ll be talking about obviously North Korea. We ll be enlisting the help of a lot of people and countries and we ll see what happens. But I think we re going to have a very successful trip. There is a lot of good will.  Trump has rattled some allies with his vow to  totally destroy  North Korea if it threatens the United States and his dismissal of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un as a  rocket man  on a suicide mission. White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster, briefing reporters on Friday, defended Trump s colorful language.  What s inflammatory is the North Korean regime and what they re doing to threaten the world,  McMaster said. Trump will seek a united front with the leaders of Japan and South Korea against North Korea before visiting Beijing to make the case to Chinese President Xi Jinping that he should do more to rein in Pyongyang. Trade will factor heavily during Trump s trip as he tries to persuade Asian allies to agree to trade policies more favorable to the United States. A centerpiece of the trip will be a visit to the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Danang, Vietnam, where he will deliver a speech in support of a free and open Indo-Pacific region, which is seen as offering a bulwark in response to expansionist Chinese policies. ",1
15676,Zimbabwe court upholds charge against U.S. citizen accused of subversion,"HARARE (Reuters) - A Zimbabwean court on Saturday refused to strike down subversion charges against an American citizen who now faces 11 days in a Harare jail until her next court hearing. Martha O Donovan, who works for Magamba TV, which describes itself as Zimbabwe s leading producer of political satire, was on Friday charged by police, who also accused her of insulting President Robert Mugabe. Lawyers for O Donovan, who appeared in court in jeans and a checked shirt, argued before magistrate Nomsa Sarabauta that police only informed O Donovan of the more serious charges of attempting to subvert the government hours after her arrest, thereby violating the constitution.  But the magistrate said she was satisfied the officers complied with the law and dismissed the application. The charge carries a sentence of up to 20 years in jail. A U.S. State Department official said on Saturday that the government was  aware of reports that a U.S. citizen was detained in Zimbabwe. We stand ready to provide appropriate consular assistance for U.S. citizens . Lawyer Obey Shava said he would now apply for bail at the High Court on Monday. O Donovan, who denies the charges against her, was not formally charged nor was she asked to plead in court, where she will return on Nov. 15. The case against her centers around a post on Twitter last month in which O Donovan allegedly called 93-year-old Mugabe a  selfish and sick man . Her arrest comes after the creation of a Ministry of Cyber Security last month. Mugabe s government has been particularly uneasy about social media after activists such as pastor Evan Mawarire and his #ThisFlag movement last year used social media to organize a stay-at-home demonstration, the biggest anti-government protest in a decade. A national election is due in 2018. ",1
15677,"Saudi prince, relieved from National Guard, once seen as throne contender","RIYADH (Reuters) - Prince Miteb bin Abdullah, born in 1953, headed the Saudi Arabian National Guard, an elite internal security force originally based on traditional tribal units that was run by his father for five decades.  As the Sandhurst-trained preferred son of the late King Abdullah, he was once thought to be a leading contender for the throne. He was also the last remaining member of Abdullah s Shammar branch of the family to retain a key position at the top of the Saudi power structure, after brothers Mishaal and Turki were relieved of their posts as governors in 2015. That run in power ended on Saturday, when he was relieved of his post at the National Guard by a royal decree. Miteb had been in effective command of the force since his father became the country s de facto leader in 1996, when King Fahd suffered a debilitating stroke, but was only officially named as its commander in 2010.  He s very pragmatic. I think he s a lot smarter than people think he is. And he s very ambitious,  said a diplomatic source in the Gulf. His position was consolidated in 2013 when the National Guard was given its own ministry and he was named as minister. The guard formed a power base for King Abdullah for decades as a sort of parallel army, serving as a bulwark against any possible military coup and providing the country s powerful tribes with their main link to the government. Its origins can be traced back to the kingdom s founder, King Abdulaziz Ibn Saud, who led white-clad  Ikhwan  tribal warriors in conquering much of the Arabian peninsula in the first three decades of the 20th century. After Ibn Saud s death, Saudi authorities transformed the Office of the Jihad and Mujahideen, which managed the Ikhwan and other tribal forces, into the National Guard. It remains administratively distinct from the other two pillars of the Saudi security architecture, the ministries of interior and defense. The National Guard today runs military academies, housing projects and hospitals, and is a prodigious source of revenue for U.S. military contractors who train its some 100,000 active members and 27,000 irregular volunteers. The Vinnell Corporation, now a subsidiary of Northrup Grumman, has held contracts to modernize the institution for nearly four decades.  Miteb is well-liked by tribal leaders and, more important, by recruits who benefit from his largesse,  wrote scholar Joseph Kechichian in his book Power and Succession in Arab Monarchies.  In less than fifty years, the Guard transformed a segment of the Saudi population from destitute tribal elements into well-off, well-armed, and well-trained recruits.  As commander, Miteb also inherited from his father the responsibility for the annual Janadariyah festival, which draws millions of Saudis each winter to celebrate the traditions, architecture and folklore of the kingdom s various regions. For many Saudis, the festival is a major expression of national pride, safeguarding a cultural heritage that is fast disappearing in the kingdom s rapidly modernizing society. It is politically beneficial to be associated with it.  Prince Miteb s business interests are thought to include ownership of the prestigious Hotel de Crillon in the center of Paris, which the French newspaper Le Figaro reported that he bought in 2010 for $354 million. His father specifically instructed him to distance himself from excessive commercial activities, according to Kechichian s book. He is married to a daughter of Saleh Fustock, who hails from a Lebanese family and whose sister was one of King Abdullah s most important wives. Fustock owns Arab Builders for Trading, the local partner for Vinnell at the National Guard. The prince is an avid equestrian and his son Prince Abdullah was part of the bronze-medal-winning Saudi equestrian team at the London Olympics in 2012. ",1
15678,Saudi detains four current ministers in anti-corruption campaign,"KHOBAR, Saudi Arabia (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia has detained four current ministers as part of its anti-corruption campaign, Saudi-owned Al Arabiya TV reported on Sunday.  Arabiya said the number of detained princes had climbed to 11. It reported earlier that 10 princes and dozens of former ministers had been detained through a new anti-corruption committee, headed by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, which was formed by royal decree on Saturday. ",1
15679,Bolstered Libyan coast guard intercepts packed migrant boat,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libya s European-backed coast guard on Saturday turned back more than 150 migrants trying to reach Italy by boat amid its heightened efforts to block such crossings of the Mediterranean. The migrants, packed into a single rubber boat, were intercepted off the coast between the towns of Al Khoms and Garabulli, east of Tripoli, after traveling through the night. The boat was close to an Italian coast guard ship patrolling in international waters when they were cut off and taken aboard a Libyan vessel, dashing their hopes of reaching Europe. The rubber boat was being rocked by heavy waves and the motor had cut out.  We were shouting,  they are blocking us, they are blocking us . We were crying, pleading for help,  said Patrice Emani, a 27-year-old from Mali. He said he was making his second attempted crossing from Libya. He was detained in the western Libyan city of Zawiya earlier in the year, but his family paid for him to be released. The captain of the Libyan ship that returned the migrants to Tripoli port, Colonel Abdelhamid Adengouz, said they had been rescued from drowning in rough conditions, with cooperation from Italy.  The migrants were saved from death,  he said.  There was an Italian ship present that helped us.  A large majority of migrants traveling to Europe by sea depart from western Libya, where people smuggling has flourished amid lawlessness and a collapsing economy. But there has been a sharp drop in departures since July due to armed factions preventing boats from leaving parts of the coast and increased activity from Libyan coast guard units which have received training and technical support from Italy and the European Union. Human rights groups have criticized European policy, saying no migrants should be returned to a country where they face widespread abuse. After migrants are brought back to Libya, they are registered by international agencies before being taken to overcrowded detention centers. Some are offered the chance to return home, while others languish in detention or seek a way out. Most of those intercepted on Saturday were from West African countries, including Mali, Guinea, and Nigeria, and some were from Bangladesh. All but one were male. They said they had paid between 1,500 and 3,000 Libyan dinars ($176-$353 at unofficial market rates) to make the crossing.  I suffered a lot - kidnappings, demands for ransom,  said Christopher Daniel, a 20-year-old Nigerian.  They blindfolded me and forced me to give them money,  he said of a period he spent in captivity in the southern city of Sabha last year.  I don t know what to say or do. All the money I have wasted - what will I tell my parents?  ",1
15680,"Car bomb explosion kills, injures dozens in Syria's Deir al-Zor: SANA","CAIRO (Reuters) - A suicide car bomb exploded on Saturday in Syria s eastern city of Deir al-Zor, killing and injuring dozens, the Syrian state news agency SANA reported. Deir al-Zor, on the west bank of the Euphrates River, is the largest and most important city in eastern Syria, and is the center of the country s oil production. The Syrian government on Friday declared victory over Islamic State in Deir al-Zor, a big blow to the jihadists as their last stronghold in Syria crumbles. Earlier on Saturday, the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said at least one Islamic State car bomb killed dozens of people at a refugee gathering on the east side of the Euphrates River. ",1
15681,"Saudi Arabia detains princes, ex-ministers in anti-corruption drive","KHOBAR, Saudi Arabia (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia has detained 10 princes and dozens of former ministers through its newly formed anti-corruption committee, Saudi-owned Al Arabiya TV reported, citing unnamed sources. The new committee, headed by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, was formed by royal decree hours earlier on Saturday. ",1
15682,Islamic State bombing kills dozens in east Syria: war monitor,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - At least one Islamic State car bomb killed dozens of people at a refugee gathering on the east side of the Euphrates River in Syria on Saturday, the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.  It said the blast also caused many injuries and took place between the Conoco and Jafra energy fields, an area controlled by the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces.  ",1
15683,U.S. service member killed in Afghanistan: U.S. military,"KABUL (Reuters) - A U.S. service member was killed in eastern Afghanistan on Saturday, the military said, without giving details of his identity or the circumstances of his death, which occurred as American forces have stepped up operations against the Taliban. A statement from U.S. Forces Afghanistan Command in Kabul said the service member had died of wounds sustained during operations in Logar, the eastern province where another service member was killed last week after a helicopter crash.  Despite this tragic event, we remain steadfast in our commitment to the Afghan people and to support them in our mutual fight against terrorism,  Gen. John Nicholson, the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan said in the statement. The latest death comes after President Donald Trump ordered a boost in the number of U.S. troops assisting Afghan forces against the Taliban as part of a new strategy to try to break the stalemate with the insurgents. Although most U.S. troops are not in combat, the new strategy will give them greater authority to engage the Taliban and will involve some acting as advisers at brigade and battalion level, bringing them much closer to the front line. Up to Aug 23, 10 U.S. service members had been killed in Afghanistan this year, according to figures published last week by the Congressional watchdog SIGAR, more than double the number killed in the same periods in 2015 and 2016. Separately, the U.S. military said it was investigating reports of civilian casualties caused during a combined operation in the northern city of Kunduz on Friday and was assessing the facts surrounding the incident. ",1
15684,Saudi minister says has 'confirmed information' on plot to kill Hariri,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s Gulf Affairs Minister Thamer al-Sabhan said the personal security detail of Lebanese prime minister Saad al-Hariri, who resigned on Saturday, had  confirmed information  of a plot to kill him.  Speaking in an interview on Future, an Arabic television channel owned by Hariri, he said Hariri was in Riyadh, adding there were  security threats to the prime minister and the kingdom is keen on his safety .  ",1
15685,"Britain's ruling Conservatives suspend lawmaker, refer his case to police","LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May s Conservative Party has suspended a lawmaker over what it said were serious allegations, a step that could undermine the authority of her minority government as Britain seeks to iron out a Brexit deal with the European Union. May s Conservative Party refused to give any detail about the nature of the allegations against Charlie Elphicke, a Conservative lawmaker for Dover in southern England, but said it had referred the matter to the police. Elphicke, formerly a tax lawyer who was first elected in 2010, denied any wrongdoing.  The party tipped off the press before telling me of my suspension,  he said on Twitter.  I am not aware of what the alleged claims are and deny any wrongdoing.  May s office did not respond to calls from Reuters about the allegations, whose nature was unclear. Email enquiries went unanswered. The Conservatives declined to comment. May s Conservatives and the opposition Labour Party are grappling with a slew of sexual harassment and abuse claims - many of them unsubstantiated - against British politicians. The allegations have surfaced since the sexual abuse claims against Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein prompted women and men in British politics to share stories about alleged improper behavior. One of May s most loyal ministers, Michael Fallon, resigned as defense secretary on Wednesday. Fallon, who had admitted touching a radio presenter s knee in 2002, said his past conduct had fallen below the required standard. He gave no details. Separately on Saturday, a lawmaker from the Scottish National Party resigned from his cabinet post in the devolved Edinburgh administration after apologizing for what he described as  inappropriate  actions.  Where I have believed myself to have been merely humorous or attempting to be friendly, my behavior might have made others uncomfortable or led them to question my intentions,  Mark McDonald, who represents Aberdeen Donside, said in a statement.  May set out the code of conduct for her party on Friday detailing standards and procedures expected of elected and appointed party members. She lost her party s majority in parliament with a botched bet on a snap election in June, so now has to rely on a small Northern Irish party to ensure she can pass legislation.  With the support of Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), May has a slender working majority of about 13 in the 650-seat House of Commons. Parliament remains bitterly divided over terms for Britain s planned departure from the European Union. The pace of the Brexit talks remains slow, heightening the risk of Brexit in March 2019 without a deal on future relations with the EU, much to the alarm of business leaders. ",1
15686,"Iran displays missile, calls Trump 'crazy' in marking 1979 U.S. embassy takeover","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran put a ballistic missile on display as thousands marched on Saturday to mark the anniversary of the 1979 seizure of the U.S. embassy, with a senior official accusing President Donald Trump of a  crazy  return to confrontation with Tehran. Turnout for the annual Iranian street rallies commemorating the embassy takeover, a pivotal event of the Islamic Revolution, appeared higher than in recent years when Trump s predecessor Barack Obama pursued detente with Tehran. Last month, Trump broke ranks with European allies, Russia and China by refusing to re-certify Iran s compliance with its 2015 nuclear deal with world powers, reached during Obama s tenure. Under that deal, most international sanctions on Iran were lifted in exchange for Tehran curbing nuclear activity seen to pose a risk of being put to developing atomic bombs. Iran has reaffirmed its commitment to the deal and U.N. inspectors have verified Tehran is complying with its terms, but Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has threatened to  shred  the pact if the United States pulls out.  All the governments confirm that the American president is a crazy individual who is taking others toward the direction of suicide,  Ali Shamkhani, secretary of the Supreme National Security Council, told a rally in Tehran, state media reported.  Trump s policies against the people of Iran have brought them out into the streets today,  Shamkhani said. He did not identify the governments he had in mind. The other parties to the nuclear deal - Russia, China, Britain, France and Germany - have voiced disquiet at Trump s opposition to it, fearing this could stir new Middle East instability. But the Europeans share U.S. concern over Iran s ballistic missile program and  destabilizing  regional behavior. Senior Iranian officials have repeatedly said that the Islamic Republic s missile program is solely defensive in nature and is not negotiable. In a sign of defiance, a Ghadr ballistic missile with a range of 2,000 km (1,240 miles) was put on display near the ex-U.S. embassy in Tehran, now a cultural center, during Saturday s street demonstration, Tasnim news agency said.  That America thinks Iran is going to put aside its military power is a childish dream,  said Brigadier General Hossein Salami, deputy head of its elite Revolutionary Guards which oversees the missile development, according to Tasnim.  Fars news agency posted pictures of demonstrators nearby burning an effigy of Trump and holding up signs saying  Death to America . Iran and the United States severed diplomatic relations soon after the 1979 revolution, during which hardline students seized the embassy and took 52 Americans hostage for 444 days. Shamkhani spoke a few days after Khamenei said the United States was the  number one enemy  of the Islamic Republic. U.S.-Iranian tensions have risen anew at a time when Tehran has been improving political and military ties with Russia. Russian President Vladimir Putin visited Tehran on Wednesday. Khamenei told him that Tehran and Moscow must step up cooperation to isolate the United States and help defuse conflict in the Middle East. Iran and Russia are both fighting on the side of  Syrian President Bashar al Assad against rebels, some of them U.S.-backed, and Islamist militants trying to overthrow him. ",1
15687,Kremlin: no cooperation between Russia and U.S. on North Korea - RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - There is no cooperation between Russia and U.S. on North Korea for the time being, the RIA news agency cited Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov as saying on Saturday.  There is no cooperation so far. Only periodic exchanges of views,  he said. Russian President Vladimir Putin and his U.S. counterpart Donald Trump may meet at an Asian economic summit in Vietnam next week. Peskov said there was a  great probability  that the two would discuss the situation on the Korean peninsula if such a meeting was held. ",1
15688,Venezuela frees two anti-Maduro activists; scores still jailed,"CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelan authorities overnight freed two activists who were in jail for more than a year after being accused of plotting against socialist President Nicolas Maduro, the opposition said on Saturday. Delson Guarate, who had been a mayor in central Aragua state, and former student leader Yon Goicoechea were among nearly 400 jailed anti-Maduro activists who rights campaigners say are political prisoners but whom the government calls coup-plotters.  I m with my family today,  tweeted Goicoechea, displaying a photo of himself against the backdrop of Caracas  Avila mountain.  Tomorrow I ll address the country. God is with us.    I m free!  Guarate tweeted. The pair s freedom, with some unspecified conditions attached, was confirmed by opposition parties and a rights group, but the government had no comment.  The releases came as Maduro called for one of the most prominent opposition leaders, congress head Julio Borges, to face treason charges for lobbying against his government in global financial circles. And the pro-Maduro Supreme Court began moves this week to remove parliamentary immunity for congress deputy leader Freddy Guevara, so he can be tried for instigating violence.  Guevara runs the militant Popular Will party, which both Goicoechea and Guarate belong to. It has been at the forefront of anti-Maduro protests, including four months of demonstrations this year that led to 125 deaths.  Critics say Maduro has turned the OPEC nation into a dictatorship. His supporters say the 54-year-old successor to Hugo Chavez is resisting a Western-backed push to oust him. In a New York Times column earlier this year, Goicoechea described how a dozen policemen put a black cloth over his head when they arrested him before taking him to a cell without natural light or ventilation.   When I stretched my arms, I could touch two opposite walls,  he wrote in the column smuggled out of prison.  The door was blocked with black garbage bags, leaving the room in total darkness.   There was rotten, worm-infested food on the floor alongside scraps of clothing covered in feces. It felt as if I had been buried alive.     Senior officials said Goicoechea was an  imperialist  agent caught with explosives in his possession, while Guarate had been financing  terrorism.  Neither was tried. Popular Will, which the government has threatened to proscribe as a terrorist organization, said it would not stop fighting for the freedom of all activists.  The dictatorship s  justice  is a revolving door,  said party legislator Juan Mejia.  Some leave, while others come in at its discretion and to its benefit.  ",1
15689,Iran says resignation of Lebanese PM will create tension in region,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran said on Saturday that the resignation of Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri would create tension in Lebanon and the region. Hariri accused Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah of sowing strife in the Arab world in his resignation statement earlier on Saturday.  The resigning Lebanese prime minister s repetition of the unrealistic and unfounded accusations of the Zionists, Saudis and Americans against Iran is an indication that this resignation is a new scenario for creating tension in Lebanon and the region,  Iranian foreign ministry spokesman Bahram Qassemi said in a statement published on the ministry website.  But we believe that the resistant people of Lebanon will pass this stage easily.  Hariri s resignation comes only a day after he met Ali Akbar Velayati, an advisor to Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, in Beirut.  The sudden resignation of Mr. Hariri and his statement in another country is not only surprising and regrettable but is also an indication of his playing a game designed by those who want ill for the region, and the winner of this game is not Arabic or Muslim countries but the Zionists,  Qassemi said. ",1
15690,European nations condemn detention of lawyer in slain Italian student investigation,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Several European countries have criticized the detention of an Egyptian human rights lawyer who is helping investigate the murder of Italian student Giulio Regeni. For the first time, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Britain and Canada said they were  deeply concerned  at the ongoing detention of human rights lawyer Ibrahim Metwaly Hegazy.  We are concerned at the detention conditions that Ibrahim Metwaly Hegazy is reportedly enduring, and continue to call for transparency on prison conditions in Egypt,  a joint statement published on the British government website said late on Friday. Metwaly, who founded the Association of the Families of the Disappeared after his son disappeared in suspicious circumstances four years ago, went missing while heading for his flight to Geneva to attend a U.N. conference on enforced disappearances on Sept. 10. Members of Metwaly s group said he was taken from Cairo airport by airport security and he was not heard from until three days later when a state security prosecutor ordered his detention. Asked about the case, two judicial sources told Reuters that Metwaly had been detained on charges of spreading false news and joining an illegal group, and that his pre-trial detention was in accordance with the law. The sources said all prisoners are guaranteed the right to fair treatment without discrimination. Rights activists say Egyptian security forces resort to kidnapping government opponents and keeping them in secret jails where they can spend weeks, months, or years without charge. The authorities deny the accusation. Italian graduate student Giulio Regeni, who was conducting research on Egyptian trade unions, disappeared in Cairo in January 2016. His body was discovered in a ditch on the outskirts of the Egyptian capital on Feb. 3, showing signs of extensive torture. Metwaly has been assisting lawyers working on the Regeni case as an expert on enforced disappearances, according to one of the lawyers. ",1
15691,Thousands march against coal ahead of climate conference in Bonn,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Thousands of people took to the streets of Bonn on Saturday to call for the phasing out of coal as a source of power ahead of global talks on climate change in the German city next week. The issue of whether to end coal production has been one of the sticking points in coalition negotiations between German Chancellor Angela Merkel and her would-be allies: the Greens and the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP). Organizers of the march called for the German government to implement the 2015 Paris plan to shift the world economy from fossil fuels this century. The implementation of the Paris accord will be discussed at the 195-nation climate meeting in Bonn from Nov. 6-17.  We expect the Federal Government to finally and effectively implement the Paris Climate Agreement,  activist group Campact said in a statement.  The group said 25,000 people took part in the march. A spokesman for the Bonn police said he could not provide an official figure but estimated the number of participants at around 10,000.  U.S. President Donald Trump has announced plans to pull out from the 2015 Paris accord to limit global warming. His pro-coal policies and doubts that climate change is caused by man-made greenhouse gas emissions have cast a shadow over the Bonn meeting. To see a video of the march on Reuters Insider, please click: ",1
15692,Italy seizes 100 tonnes of diesel on ship sailing from Libya,"ROME (Reuters) - Italian police said on Saturday they had seized more than 100 tonnes of contraband diesel from a ship which set sail from Libya and arrested the captain for smuggling and money-laundering. The ship, which was flying a Togolese flag, carried the fuel in several hidden cisterns, together with some 11 tonnes of contraband cigarettes, a statement from finance police in the Sicilian town of Syracuse said. The ship s captain, a 25-year-old Indonesian has been put under house arrest. The other four crew members, also from Indonesia, were not arrested. The ship was intercepted in Sicilian waters on Oct. 26 and prosecutors in Syracuse are still investigating exactly where the fuel was taken from and where it was intended to be sold, the statement said. Last month Sicilian police arrested six people, including a suspected mobster, and issued warrants for three others for running a Libyan fuel-smuggling ring in which at least 30 million euros ($35 million) of diesel was sold in gas stations in Italy and Europe. ",1
15693,Australians protest against unfolding 'emergency' in offshore detention camp,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - More than 1,000 people protested in Australia on Saturday against the treatment of hundreds of asylum seekers in an offshore detention center that the United Nations has described as an  unfolding humanitarian emergency . About 600 men have barricaded themselves inside the camp on remote Manus island in Papua New Guinea, defying efforts by Australia and PNG to shut it. Food, running water and medical services were cut off by Australia four days ago. Australian authorities want the men moved to a transit center elsewhere on the island at the start of a process the asylum seekers fear will result in them being resettled in PNG or another developing nation. The men also fear violent reprisals from the local community.  These people have committed no crime other than to do what every single one of us would do if we thought our lives, or our family s lives, were at risk,  Federal Greens lawmaker Adam Bandt told the crowd in Melbourne, Australia s second-largest city. Another smaller protest was staged in Sydney.  The Manus island center, and one on the tiny Pacific island of Nauru, have been key parts of Australia s disputed  Sovereign Borders  immigration policy, under which it refuses to allow asylum seekers arriving by boat to reach its shores. Australia s offshore detention policies have been heavily criticized by the United Nations and human rights groups but are backed the center-right government and the Labor opposition. U.N. rights spokesman Rupert Colville told a news conference in Geneva on Friday about the  unfolding humanitarian emergency  in the Manus island center, where asylum seekers have been reported digging wells to try to find water.              The Australian government has not responded to Colville s comments. It frequently does not comment on issues concerning the offshore centers, citing operational reasons. The relocation of the men is designed as a temporary measure, allowing the United States time to complete vetting of asylum seekers as part of a refugee swap deal, agreed on last year, under which Australia will accept refugees from Central America. Labor leader Bill Shorten has called on Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull to consider New Zealand s offer to take 150 refugees from the camps on Manus and Nauru. ",1
15694,Saudi-led coalition says strike hit a legitimate target in Yemen,"CAIRO (Reuters) - A Saudi-led military coalition said on Saturday an air strike that hit a market in Yemen s northern Saadah province was a legitimate military target, the Saudi news agency reported. On Wednesday, medics and a Reuters witness said an air strike carried out by the coalition killed 26 people at a hotel and an adjoining market. The attack, which struck the Sahar district of the vast territory that borders Saudi Arabia, demolished the budget hotel and reduced market stalls outside to a heap of twisted sheet metal. The coalition statement reviewed the incident and quoted its spokesman as saying the target was the gathering point for some armed Houthi militants. The military alliance led by Saudi Arabia has launched thousands of air strikes against Yemen s armed Houthi movement, which hails from Saadah and now controls much of the country. ",1
15695,Saudi-owned TV says Hariri was target of assassination plot days ago,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Saudi-owned pan-Arab television channel al-Arabiya al-Hadath said on Saturday an assassination plot was foiled against Lebanese leader Saad al-Hariri in Beirut days ago, citing an unnamed source.  Lebanon s Internal Security Forces (ISF), responding to reports that one of its branches had foiled an assassination attempt on Hariri, denied that it was the source of the reports and said it  had no information on this . Hariri traveled to Saudi Arabia on Friday and announced his resignation as prime minister on Saturday in a speech condemning Riyadh s regional foes Iran and Hezbollah and saying he feared assassination.   Those who planned to assassinate prime minister Hariri deactivated the observation towers while his motorcade was passing by,  Arabiya cited the source as saying. ",1
15696,Germany seeks to calm Poland's outrage over minister's call for 'resistance',"BERLIN/WARSAW (Reuters) - Germany on Saturday sought to defuse a diplomatic row with Poland, saying a call by the German defense minister to support a  democratic resistance  in the neighboring country had been taken out of context. The Polish government, whose judiciary reform has been met with youth protests and legal action from the European Union, had accused German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen of interference after she called for supporting  the healthy democratic resistance of the young generation  in Poland. But a spokesman for von der Leyen said the comments had been misinterpreted and the minister had instead praised Poland s achievements since the fall of communism and called for a more inclusive approach to European integration.  The defense minister s quote was changed in social media and ripped out of context,  a spokesman for von der Leyen told Reuters on Saturday.  Mrs von der Leyen has emphasized that the EU is an inclusive process, which is about securing and consolidating the common values of the EU and dealing with all positions.  The Polish reform of the courts would give nearly a free hand to the ruling conservatives in picking the country s top judges. It has triggered protests by thousands of young people and others over the summer and an  infringement procedure  from the European Union. It comes as some European leaders call for letting some member states in the wealthier, Western part of the bloc push ahead with further integration without the others following suit. During the show broadcast Thursday on ZDF television, von der Leyen highlighted significant efforts undertaken by the Baltic states and Poland to  live in freedom  and to be part of the European Union.  Precisely this healthy democratic resistance of the young people, also there in Poland, must be supported,  she said.  Polish Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski called on von der Leyen to withdraw her words.  This is one of the most explicit statements, which I am not sure whether it is a warning or an admission by the German side of interfering into our internal affairs,  Waszczykowski told the wpolitice.pl right-wing news portal. The Polish defense ministry said it would summon the defense attache from the German embassy for an explanation. Von der Leyen is part of the conservative team trying to negotiate a new coalition government with the pro-business Free Democrats and the environmental Greens.  Earlier this year she sparked outrage among the armed forces after she decried what she called  weak leadership  in the military. ",1
15697,Libyan Salafist-led force breaks up comic festival for 'indecency',"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - A Libyan force that acts as an anti-crime unit in Tripoli said it had arrested the organisers of a comic festival for  acts of indecency and against public morals . The arrests were carried out by the Special Deterrence Force (Rada), a Salafist-led armed group that has expanded its power under Libya s U.N.-backed Government of National Accord. Salafists are ultra-conservatives whose influence has grown across Libya in recent years. The arrests cut short the second three-day annual Comic Con festival of arts, comics, anime and gaming to be held in the capital. The arrests were made on Friday, the second day of the event. Some Libyans had attacked Comic Con organisers on social media for holding the event, saying it was un-Islamic and resembled a Halloween party. The organisers said on their Facebook page that the festival had nothing to do with Halloween. They posted no immediate comment on the arrests. Rada said in its statement that festivals like Comic Con were  derived from abroad and exploit weakness of religious faith and fascination with foreign cultures .  The organisers and supervisors of the event were arrested and will be presented for public prosecution for acts of indecency and against public morals,  it said in a statement.  It is necessary to address these destructive phenomena and fight them, which drive the dissemination of pornography and feed the minds of teenagers and motivate them to kill and  mutilate through well-known cartoons.  ",1
15698,Ousted Catalan leader calls for united front for independence,"MADRID/BARCELONA (Reuters) - Ousted Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont called on Saturday for a united political front in the Dec. 21 election to continue the drive for independence from Spain and to protest against the imprisonment of former members of the regional government.  Puigdemont, who went to Belgium after his government was fired following a unilateral declaration of independence, said on Friday he was considering standing in the election from Brussels. In Spain s gravest political crisis since the return of democracy in the late 1970s, Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy called the snap election after taking control of Catalonia a week ago. Political parties that wish to run on a common platform have until Tuesday to register any potential coalition and until Nov. 18 to put forward their candidates.     It is time for all democrats to join together. For Catalonia, for the freedom of political prisoners and for the republic,  Puigdemont said in a tweet that included the hashtag llistaunitaria.cat, a site calling for parties to unite against the Spanish government at the ballot box. Signatures on the website rose to over 40,000 from just 2,000 within a few hours of Puigdemont s tweet.  In a poll published on Tuesday, the pro-independence coalition Junts pel Si (Together for Yes) was seen winning with 35.2 percent if the vote was held immediately. That would return a parliamentary majority to independence supporters if the group stuck with its current pact with far-left party CUP.      The wealthy northeastern region continues to be evenly split between those that support leaving Spain and those that wish to remain part of the country, according to polls taken since the declaration of independence.  If pro-independence parties run on different tickets, it may be difficult for them to win a parliamentary majority, though the imprisonment of former government members may help unite an electorate already wary of Madrid s tactics, seen by many as heavy-handed. Pro-Spain candidates including Rajoy s People s Party (PP), the Socialists and market-friendly Ciudadanos were out canvassing on Saturday with modest rallies in the region calling for the so-called silent majority to vote en masse in December. Ines Arrimadas, the head of regional opposition Ciudadanos, called for anti-independence parties to join together on Tuesday. She singled out the Socialists and Podemos-associated Catalunya Si Que Es Pot to clarify if they would run with the independence party ERC in the election. The ERC general secretary Marta Rovira said on Saturday the party may shun the elections if the politicians jailed pending trial over the independence bid were not freed before the vote.   It is up to the state to show it s democratic. Let the prisoners go free so they can take part in the elections normally,  she said.  On Thursday, nine members of Puigdemont s sacked cabinet were ordered by Spain s High Court to be held on remand pending an investigation and potential trial. One member of the dismissed cabinet, Santi Vila, was released after paying bail of 50,000 euros ($58,000) on Friday. The other eight could remain in custody for up to four years. On Friday, Spain issued an arrest warrant for Puigdemont and  four associates to answer charges of rebellion, sedition, misuse of public funds, disobedience and breach of trust relating to their secessionist campaign. Catalan civic groups Asamblea Nacional Catalana and Omnium Cultural - whose leaders were imprisoned last month on sedition charges - have called for a general strike on Nov. 8 and a mass demonstration on Nov. 11 to protest against the detentions. Puigdemont has said he would not return to Spain until he has been given unspecified  guarantees  by the Spanish government. Following the warrant, any extradition process could take 45 days, though this could be extended up to 90 days.  Puigdemont reiterated on Saturday in a tweet that he would fully cooperate with Belgian justice following the warrant.  Asked if he would detain Puigdemont on Saturday, Belgian prosecutor Eric Van Der Sypt said it was unlikely.  Tomorrow, or it could be possible on Monday,  he said.  We are not in a hurry. He said he would collaborate. We don t have any reason to believe he will flee. We are going to do this thoroughly.   While anti-independence parties urged Catalans to go out and vote in the December election, the arrests helped fuel the antagonism felt by many in the region toward the central government in Madrid.   To pick someone up and arrest them is not politics. Politics is talking, discussing. To arrest some, it seems to me a little bit like a fascist government,  Barcelona resident Cristiano Gonzalez, 34, said.  ($1 = 0.8615 euros) ",1
15699,"Mugabe set to appoint woman deputy, all eyes on wife","HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe is set to appoint a woman deputy after a special ruling party congress next month, the first lady said on Saturday and added that there was nothing wrong if her husband appointed her. The 93-year-old Mugabe has held power in the southern African nation since independence from Britain in 1980 and consistently refused to anoint a successor. He argues that the ruling ZANU-PF party would choose his replacement if and when he decides to retire. Grace Mugabe told a ZANU-PF rally in the second city of Bulawayo that the party would amend its constitution this month and the changes would be adopted at a special December congress to ensure that one of Mugabe s two deputies would be a woman. Allowing Mugabe to appoint a woman deputy could scuttle the presidential ambitions of Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa, who had been seen as a shoe-in to succeed Mugabe. Phelekezela Mphoko is the second Mugabe deputy, but lacks any political base. Mnangagwa, nicknamed  Ngwena  (Crocodile), has seen his political stock plummet in the last few months, on accusations by party rivals that he was plotting to get Mugabe to step down in his favor. He denies the accusation. On Saturday Grace cranked up the pressure against Mnangagwa, calling him the  root cause of factionalism  that was gnawing at the ruling party. She also accused the vice president s supporters of booing her while she gave her speech.  Before that special congress, this November we need the constitution to be changed accordingly so that when we are going we will adopt the proposal that one of the vice presidents should be a woman,  Grace said in a speech broadcast on state TV.  What if I get in (as vice president)? What s wrong with that? Am I not in the party? If people know that I work hard and they want to work with me what is wrong with that?  Grace said. A visibly angry Mugabe told the same rally that he and his wife were tired of constant insults from people who identified themselves as Mnangagwa s supporters. ",1
15700,Jumblatt: Lebanon too weak for Hariri resignation,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon is too weak to bear the consequences of Saad al-Hariri s resignation as prime minister and cannot afford to side against Iran, Lebanese Druze leader Walid Jumblatt said on Saturday after Hariri stepped down. Hariri, an ally of Saudi Arabia, said there was an assassination plot against him and attacked Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah during his resignation speech on Saturday. Hariri s resignation thrusts Lebanon back onto the front line of Saudi-Iranian regional rivalry and seems likely to exacerbate sectarian tensions between Lebanese Sunni and Shi ite Muslims.  I am concerned about the economy, of course, and I am concerned about politics. We cannot afford to fight the Iranians from Lebanon,  Jumblatt told Reuters. He advocated compromise with Hezbollah in Lebanon while waiting for regional circumstances to allow Saudi-Iranian dialogue.    Lebanon has enough problems. It is too weak for such a resignation, because it will have a tremendous negative impact,  said Jumblatt, one of Lebanon s most influential politicians. He described Hariri s resignation as  incomprehensible . The Druze are an important minority in Lebanon s sectarian system of government. Jumblatt has frequently played kingmaker in Lebanese politics. ",1
15701,"German, Turkish foreign ministers meet after detainee released","BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s foreign minister Siegmar Gabriel met his Turkish counterpart Mevlut Cavusoglu in Turkey on Saturday, in a chance to discuss strained ties between the NATO allies after a series of diplomatic incidents. Gabriel and Cavusoglu discussed  bilateral relationships as well as difficult themes and expectations on both sides  in an informal meeting in the Turkish city of Antalya, the German foreign ministry said on Twitter, without giving further detail.    The meeting came a day after the announcement of the release of a further German national who had been detained in Turkey for political reasons, leaving the tally of those still in jail at nine.  Ties between the two allies deteriorated after Turkish President Recep Erdogan launched a crackdown on political opponents after a failed coup last year. Germany has criticized the mass arrests and refused to extradite people Turkey says were involved in the plot. Relations with Turkey are a contentious issue in talks on forming a coalition government that Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservative bloc is holding with two other parties after she lost support in an election in September. ",1
15702,Austrian party leader quits parliament over accusation of sexual assault,"VIENNA (Reuters) - The fallout from the Harvey Weinstein scandal spread to Austria on Saturday as one of the country s best-known politicians said he would give up his seat in parliament over an allegation of sexual assault. Veteran left-wing lawmaker Peter Pilz, 63, has been a fixture in Austrian politics for decades, having made a name for himself railing against arms deals with countries accused of human rights abuses and leading investigations into corruption like one this year connected to Austrian fighter-jet purchases.  He also recently pulled off a political coup - leaving the Greens this summer to form his own party, Pilz List, which not only beat the Greens in last month s parliamentary election, it also passed the 4 percent threshold for entering parliament, which the Greens fell just short of. Weekly newspaper Falter reported on Saturday that Pilz had repeatedly groped a female employee of the center-right European People s Party during a conference in the Alps four years ago. The article included her description of the incident. She said Pilz was  relatively drunk  at the time. Pilz   one of the more colorful figures in Austrian politics, a straight talker fond of singing rock songs like  Wild Thing  at party events   said he could not remember what happened.  Not remembering is no excuse,  Pilz told a news conference, adding that Falter s editor in chief had assured him the report was thoroughly researched.  Because of these accusations, which I take extremely seriously, even though I do not remember, I will not take up my mandate in the coming parliament. I will not be at the swearing-in ceremony on Thursday,  he said. In the wake of the Weinstein scandal and the resignations over inappropriate behavior that have followed, including that of British Defence Minister Michael Fallon this week, Austrian media had begun to ask whether there were previously unreported cases of sexual harassment by influential Austrians. U.S. movie mogul Weinstein has been accused by numerous women of having sexually harassed or assaulted them in incidents dating back to the 1980s, including three who said they were raped. Weinstein denies having non-consensual sex with anyone. Pilz said he would work to bring all the facts to light in the accusations made against him. But he also said he rejected separate allegations by a former colleague that he sexually harassed her on dozens of occasions. That case was first reported by Austrian media on Friday. Pilz said he would support his party s work in parliament  from the outside , though he did not say specifically that he was stepping down as party leader. A spokeswoman for Pilz was not immediately available for comment. (Refiles with Vienna dateline) ",1
15703,Tension in South Sudan capital after bid to disarm detained ex-army chief,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - South Sudan s government has sought to disarm the bodyguards of detained former army chief Paul Malong on fears he might escape and launch a rebellion, his wife said on Saturday, highlighting tensions within the leadership. Malong - the man who has led President Salva Kiir s campaign against rebels - has been under house arrest since May after Kiir sacked him following a string of military resignations by senior generals alleging abuses and ethnic bias. Malong had initially fled the capital Juba with a convoy of vehicles for his home state of Aweil following his dismissal - raising fears he might join opposition forces, before returning to the capital. On Saturday, his wife Lucy Ayak told Reuters security officials arrived at their home late on Friday with  specific orders  from Kiir.  They came carrying the order from the president and told General Malong that they had been ordered to disarm his bodyguards,  she said, adding that they also tried to take his phone and said his family members would not be allowed to visit.   The government is thinking that General Malong might take the country back to war. The tension is still high ... we do not know if they might come back and arrest him by force if he resists.  Residents in Juba told Reuters heavily-armed soldiers have blocked the main road leading to his house.  Media outlets from Juba also reported that a senior commander in the army who is allied with Malong has also defected with the aim of launching a rebellion. President Kiir s press secretary Ateny Wek Ateny declined to comment, saying the  issue was purely an army matter . South Sudan won independence from Sudan in 2011 but plunged into civil war in 2013 after Kiir fired his deputy Riek Machar. The conflict, largely fought along ethnic lines, has pitched parts of the oil-producing country into severe hunger, paralyzed public services and forced a quarter of the population - three million people - to flee their homes. ",1
15704,Indonesian officials find multiple violations in deadly factory blaze,"TANGERANG, Indonesia (Reuters) - Police investigating a fire that killed nearly 50 people at a fireworks factory on the outskirts of Jakarta late last month have found multiple safety violations at the plant, which was crammed with three times the number of workers allowed. One of Indonesia s worst industrial disasters, the Oct. 26 blaze in the congested industrial suburb of Tangerang, has cast a new spotlight on lax safety standards in Indonesia, where rules are often ignored or weakly enforced. Reuters interviews with police investigators, government officials and survivors show that at the time of the fire, the factory was overcrowded, had only one exit, and a single mid-sized fire extinguisher even though it had reported having four on site. The building housed more than 4,000 kg of combustible materials in various locations, which, police say, made it all too easy for the fire to rip through the 2,600 square meter factory within minutes, killing 49 workers and injuring dozens more. Survivors told Reuters they had not had any emergency training or drills, and were not familiar with evacuation routes. Police spokesman Argo Yuwono said there was no indication anyone had tried to use the fire extinguisher.  It was total panic and the fire was quickly out of control,  Yuwono said.  The workers had zero training in how to respond in an emergency or how to use a fire extinguisher.  Police have detained the owner and operations manager of the company on suspicion of negligence leading to death. They face at least five years in prison if found guilty. A representative for the parent company of PT Panca Buana Cahaya Sukses said the firm would pay for all survivors  medical treatment, but declined comment on the legal case. On the day of the fire, 103 workers had filed into the dusty and stuffy factory. Many lived in small houses nearby that are dotted among the neighborhood s factory complexes, and sent their children to school just a block away from the fireworks workshop. Workers, paid an average of 40,000 rupiah ($2.96) a day, fanned out across the factory   to storage facilities for raw materials and finished fireworks, a machine room where the fireworks were produced, and packaging stations. Some milled around in the workers  canteen near the front of the building. Police say that soon after the day s work got underway, at around 9.20 a.m., sparks from unauthorized welding work landed on tall stacks of unpackaged fireworks, causing at least two explosions that shook neighboring buildings and could be heard miles away. Survivors say that within minutes the front area and only exit of the warehouse was engulfed in fire and thick black smoke, trapping the workers and sending them scrambling towards the back of the building. Police found 44 bodies piled up in a back corner of the building, all charred beyond recognition. Clothes and identifying accessories had melted. Bodies were identified using dental records and DNA samples from families. Uwang, a 36-year-old woman hired to package fireworks, said she and four others survived by jumping into a small water tank.  At first, I tried to get out the front gate, but the smoke was already very thick. My friend pulled me into the water tank. I only dared to put my face up to the surface every few seconds to breathe,  she said, lying in a hospital bed with at least half her face, and hands, feet and thighs wrapped in thick, white bandages. As the flames leapt higher and people screamed for help, a contingent of police officers that happened to be temporarily stationed just across from the factory, started breaking down one of the walls of the warehouse using hammers and iron bars. More than 30 workers, many severely injured and some with their clothes burned off, managed to scramble out of the hole in the wall, including Uwang. Others scaled the factory s walls, jumped to safety or used ladders that residents had propped up against the burning building, witnesses said. The local fire brigade, winding through narrow streets swarming with bystanders and motorbikes, arrived nearly an hour later and had brought the blaze under control by noon. Authorities suspect that violations are rampant among thousands of factories in the area, and they are threatening to close any don t meet safety requirements.  Small- and medium-sized companies are the ones likely to ignore the rules, and they re the ones that are difficult to regulate,  said Ahmed Zaki Iskandar, the regent of Tangerang, adding that companies making products like paper, fuel, or paint will be targeted first. He said the company in question had been inspected by safety officials and was issued a permit to employ up to 35 people, but had actually recruited over 100.  The layout made sense for 35 people ... but they broke the rules and they must take responsibility,  Iskandar said, adding that since the fire he had ordered dozens of fireworks  home industries  in the area to be shut down. Risk analyst Keith Loveard said the crackdown was little more than an  instant solution for a deep-seated problem of industrial safety .  The regent s proposal is positive and much needed, but similar moves have followed disasters in the past, only to see compliance and oversight return to earlier low levels a few months later.  ($1 = 13,495.0000 rupiah) ",1
15705,Syria deal may be on agenda for Putin-Trump Asia meeting: report,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin and his U.S. counterpart Donald Trump may discuss a Syria settlement at an Asian economic summit in Vietnam next week, the RIA news agency reported on Saturday. Relations between Moscow and Washington have soured further since Putin and Trump first met at a G20 summit in Hamburg in July when they discussed allegations of Russian meddling in the U.S. election, but agreed to focus on better ties.. Tensions have risen over the conflict in Syria, after Russia vetoed a United Nations plan to continue an ongoing investigation into chemical weapons.. A Syria settlement  is being discussed  for the agenda of a possible meeting between the two presidents, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov was quoted as saying by RIA, adding it was in their common interest to have enough time to discuss the issue.  Somehow or another it requires cooperation,  Peskov said. Trump told Fox News this week that it was possible he would meet Putin during his Asia trip.  We may have a meeting with Putin,  he said.   And, again   Putin is very important because they can help us with North Korea. They can help us with Syria. We have to talk about Ukraine.  ",1
15706,Russian bombers strike Islamic State targets in Syria: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Tu-22M3 long-range bombers struck Islamic State targets near the town of Albu Kamal in Syria on Saturday, RIA news agency reported, citing Russia s Defence Ministry. Command centers and weapon depots were among the targets hit by the bombers which flew over Iran and Iraq. ",1
15707,Zimbabwe police charge U.S. citizen with anti-government plot,"HARARE (Reuters) - A U.S. citizen was charged on Friday with attempting to overthrow the Zimbabwean government, which carries a sentence of up to 20 years in jail, after police earlier accused her of insulting 93-year-old President Robert Mugabe. Martha O Donovan, who works for Magamba TV, which describes itself as Zimbabwe s leading producer of political satire, was picked up in a dawn raid on her Harare home, her lawyer said. O Donovan, who denies both charges, was expected in court on Saturday, lawyer Obey Shava said. Police spokeswoman Charity Charamba could not be reached for comment on the new, much more serious, charge.  O Donovan was first charged with insulting and undermining the president, according to a police charge sheet, which accused her of last month calling Mugabe a  selfish and sick man  on Twitter, the first such arrest since the creation of a Ministry of Cyber Security last month.  That charge carries a maximum sentence of one year in jail, her lawyer said. Shava said police then accused O Donovan of setting up Magamba, being behind a  shadowy Twitter character  called @matigary and setting up another Twitter account @OpenParlyZw  for the sole purpose of overthrowing the government through unconstitutional means . The government has been particularly uneasy about social media after activists such as pastor Evan Mawararire and his #ThisFlag movement last year used social media to organize a stay-at-home demonstration, the biggest anti-government protest in a decade. A national election is due in 2018. The police search warrant showed that central to its investigation was a post on O Donovan s Twitter feed referring to a  Goblin  whose wife and step-sons had imported a Rolls-Royce, an apparent reference to Mugabe, though he was not named. In a statement to police seen by Reuters, O Donovan said:  I deny the allegations being leveled against me as baseless and malicious. That is all I wish to say.  The U.S. embassy in Harare confirmed an American citizen had been arrested and said it was monitoring the situation closely. Shava said his client had refused to sign a new document known as a  warned and cautioned statement  with the fresh charge. The document sets out the government s case and signing it signals a suspect understands the charge.  She had signed the statement on the lesser charge. Police seized her computers, cellphones and other electronic devices in the raid on her home. ",1
15708,U.S. monitoring sanctions regime in response to Myanmar situation: official,"DHAKA (Reuters) - The U.S. government will constantly monitor its sanctions regime to respond to violence in Myanmar s Rakhine state that has sent hundreds of thousands of Rohingya Muslim refugees across the border to Bangladesh, a senior U.S. official said on Saturday.  We are constantly evaluating the situation,  Simon Henshaw, Acting Assistant Secretary of State for the Bureau of Population, Refugees, and Migration, told reporters at a news briefing in Dhaka after visiting camps in Cox s Bazar where hundreds of thousands of Rohingya refugees are sheltering.  Congress has given us a number of tools we can use,  he said, noting disturbing reports of atrocities in Rakhine state.   We call for a full investigation of these reports, we call for those who committed (the atrocities) to be held accountable,  he said.  It is incredible that only within two months more than 600,000 refugees have taken shelter in a country.  A seven-member delegation led by Henshaw visited Myanmar from Oct. 29 before traveling to Bangladesh on Wednesday. It went to Cox s Bazar on Thursday.  During our meetings with Myanmar government officials we told them that it is their responsibility to return a secure and stable situation in Rakhine state. It is also their responsibility to investigate the reports of atrocities.   The delegation also asked Myanmar to allow Rohingya people back to their land and to rehabilitate the villages that were burned. He said they had been shocked by Rohingya accounts of atrocities, murder and sexual assaults.    The delegation called on the Myanmar government to allow access to press and international organizations so they could see the situation on the ground,  he said. U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the issue has been taken to the highest level of authority in the U.S. government.  The statements related to the situation in Myanmar have been issued from the White House and also from the State Department.  She said the delegation would update U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson before his visit to Myanmar on Nov. 15. Some 2,500 Rohingya refugees crossed into Bangladesh on Friday through two border crossings, a senior security official said on Saturday.  Those refugees are already being sent to different camps under the supervision of Bangladesh Army,  Major Mohammad Iqbal, Deputy Commanding Officer of Bangladesh Border Guard of Cox s Bazar district told Reuters. ",1
15709,Lebanese president says PM Hariri phoned to resign from outside country,BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese President Michel Aoun s office said on Saturday that Saad al-Hariri had phoned him  from outside Lebanon  to resign as the country s prime minister and that Aoun awaited Hariri s return to hear the  circumstances of the resignation .  ,1
15710,China paves way for prosecuting disgraced senior politician,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China s largely rubber stamp parliament has expelled disgraced senior politician Sun Zhengcai, once considered a contender for top leadership, state media said on Saturday, paving the way for formal criminal charges to be laid against him. The expulsion removes Sun s immunity from prosecution as a member of parliament. The announcement, carried by the official Xinhua news agency, gave no other details.  Sun was abruptly removed from his post as Chongqing party chief in July and replaced by Chen Miner, who is close to President Xi Jinping. Later that month, he was put under investigation and in September, the party announced he would be prosecuted for corruption. Sun was accused of leaking secrets, bribery and abusing his power. Chongqing is perhaps best known outside China for its association with Bo Xilai, its disgraced former party boss. He, too, was once a contender for top leadership. He was jailed for life in 2013 after a dramatic corruption scandal. It has not been possible to reach Sun or a representative for comment since he was put under investigation. It s unclear if he has been allowed to retain a lawyer.  ",1
15711,Mexico report flags shortcomings in fight against corruption,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The Mexican government has noted serious shortcomings in its fight against corruption in a classified report seen by Reuters, which was prepared ahead of an international evaluation of the country s efforts to combat money laundering. The undated government report estimated that the drug trade, tax fraud and other crimes were worth at least 1.13 trillion pesos ($58.5 billion) a year in Mexico, with all of that money susceptible to money laundering. In October last year the government published a much shorter official version of the findings, which broadly described the risks of money laundering without going into detail. The sum of illicit funds identified in the classified report was equivalent to 6.6 percent of the Mexican economy in 2014, when the data was compiled. It did not include an estimate of the value of corruption and several other crimes. The 321-page report was prepared ahead of an evaluation of the country s performance in preventing money laundering by the Financial Action Task Force (FATF), a global group of government agencies dedicated to tackling money laundering.  The view is that the risk represented by illicit funds susceptible to money laundering in Mexico generated within the jurisdiction is HIGH,  the report said, capitalizing the word. The government said on Thursday the FATF evaluation, which is not yet public, showed Mexico had made  significant  progress in combating money laundering since the last evaluation in 2008. The FATF did not immediately reply to a request for comment. The Mexican government report is the first of its kind, according to people familiar with it, and was assembled from official data and independent research. Part of a broader investigation into illicit wealth in Mexico, the government concluded that Mexico needed  more efficient mechanisms  to prevent graft, including new laws that would complement the national anti-corruption architecture. Reuters contacted the ministries of finance, economy and the interior, as well as the navy, the attorney general s office and the central bank, all of which were identified as contributors to the report. All either declined to comment or did not reply. The report urged the government to standardize laws at state level to iron out differences in how authorities deal with corruption, as well as improve collaboration between agencies tasked with implementing policy and collecting data. Public policies should be overhauled to  better understand the phenomenon of corruption in Mexico,  the report said. Graft scandals have for decades dogged the political elite in Mexico, which ranked 128th out of 137 nations for ethics and corruption in the World Economic Forum s 2017-2018 Global Competitiveness Index. President Enrique Pena Nieto has been criticized for referring to corruption as a  cultural  problem in Mexico. Civil society groups and opposition lawmakers said this downplayed the severity of the problem and the government s role in fixing it. In 2016, Mexicanos Contra la Corrupcion y la Impunidad, a civil group, calculated corruption was worth between 2 percent and 10 percent of Mexico s gross domestic product, based on data from the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund and others. Tax evasion and associated crimes accounted for the biggest source of illicit wealth identified by the study at 484 billion pesos ($25.3 billion), followed by trade in cocaine and marijuana at 404 billion pesos. The report did not address income from heroin and methamphetamine, which make up a large chunk of the drug trade.   Nor did it include white collar crimes such as embezzlement of public funds and insider trading, trafficking in people and arms, fuel theft and sexual exploitation. While incomplete, the findings stand in contrast to the amount of illicit funds the government has said it removed from circulation in recent years. According to government data, the organized crime unit of the attorney general s office secured $11.4 million and 543.2 million pesos in its anti-money laundering efforts between September 2016 and June 2017. ($1 = 19.1472 Mexican pesos) ",1
15712,China extends national anthem 'disrespect' law to Hong Kong,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s largely rubber-stamp parliament formally extended a law banning disrespect of the national anthem on Saturday to cover Hong Kong, a move that critics have said undermined the Chinese-ruled city s autonomy and freedoms. In the past few years, some Hong Kong football fans have booed the national anthem during World Cup qualifiers and other matches, mirroring protests in the United States where football players knelt during the national anthem, a practice denounced by U.S. President Donald Trump. China passed a new law in September mandating up to 15 days in police detention for those who mock the  March of the Volunteers  national anthem, a law that also covers the Chinese territories of Hong Kong and Macau but was not immediately given a legal basis for enforcement there. The National Anthem Law, which went into effect on Oct. 1, has now been included in an annex of Hong Kong s Basic Law, or mini constitution, state news agency Xinhua said. It will also be included in an annex of Macau s Basic Law, Xinhua reported. He Shaoren, spokesman for the National People s Congress Standing Committee, said in a news conference on Saturday that it was up to the Hong Kong government to enact a local law to abide by the amendment in a timely manner. A Hong Kong official said on Wednesday that the Special Administrative Region would enact such a law  as soon as possible . Hong Kong is a former British colony that returned to Chinese rule in 1997 under a so-called  one country, two systems  formula that promises the city a high degree of autonomy, including an independent judiciary. China s growing reach into Hong Kong s affairs has, however, stoked tensions and mass protests including the 2014  Occupy  civil disobedience movement that blocked major roads in the city for 79 days to pressure China to allow full democracy. Chinese authorities have strived to instill greater patriotism into Hong Kong, while condemning a push from democracy activists to distance Hong Kong. China s national legislature on Saturday also passed an amendment to its criminal law that extends punishments for publicly desecrating the national flag and emblem to disrespecting the national anthem. Punishments include jail terms of up to three years, Xinhua reported. This law does not appear to apply to Hong Kong or Macau. ",1
15713,Spain issues arrest warrant for ousted Catalan leader,"MADRID/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Spain on Friday issued an arrest warrant on sedition and other charges against Carles Puigdemont, tightening the judicial net around the former Catalan leader who went Brussels after his government was sacked over a declaration of independence. A Madrid High Court judge asked Belgium to arrest Puigdemont and four associates after they ignored a court order to return to Spain on Thursday to answer charges of rebellion, sedition, misuse of public funds, disobedience and breach of trust relating to their secessionist campaign. The judge rejected a request from Puigdemont to testify via video conference from Belgium. In Brussels, a federal prosecutor said Belgian authorities would study the warrant before handing it to a judge.  We will give it to an investigative judge maybe tomorrow or the day after,  Eric Van der Sypt told Reuters. Puigdemont, who is considering standing in a snap election in the region on Dec. 21, has said he did not trust Spanish justice but would cooperate with the Belgian courts.  Embroiled in Spain s gravest political crisis since the return of democracy in the late 1970s, Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy called the election when he took control of Catalonia in response to last week s declaration of independence by its parliament. Belgium, where a European arrest warrant can be blocked for several mainly procedural reasons, will have a maximum of three months to decide whether to send Puigdemont back to Spain. On Thursday, nine members of his sacked cabinet were ordered by the High Court to be held in custody pending an investigation and potential trial.  We consider ourselves a legitimate government,  Puigdemont told Belgian state television RTBF on Friday.  There must be a continuity to tell the world what s going on in Spain ... It s not with a government in jail that the elections will be neutral, independent, normal.   ... I am ready to be a candidate ... it s possible to run a campaign from anywhere.  The detention of the secessionist leaders and Puigdemont s journey to Belgium have given a new boost to the secessionist camp after cracks had appeared in its ranks. In protest at the jailings, Catalan civic groups Asamblea Nacional Catalana and Omnium Cultural   whose leaders were imprisoned last month on sedition charges   called for a general strike on Nov. 8 and a mass demonstration on Nov. 11. Another six Catalan leaders are due to testify on Nov. 9 on the same charges. One member of the dismissed cabinet, Santi Vila, was released after paying bail of 50,000 euros ($58,300) on Friday. The other eight could remain in custody for up to four years. Vila stepped down from the Catalan cabinet before the independence declaration. While he remains a supporter of an secession he has advocated a negotiated solution with the central government. He has said he wanted to stand as the leading candidate for Puigdemont s PdeCat (Catalan Democratic party) in the regional election. Thousands of people staged pro-independence protests on Thursday night in several Catalan towns, and parties forming the current coalition Junts Pel Si (Together For Yes) are pushing to run again on a joint ticket at the election. An opinion poll published on Tuesday showed Junts Pel Si would win in December with 35.2 percent if the vote was held immediately and would likely reach a parliamentary majority if it stuck with its current pact with far-left party CUP. The Spanish government said on Friday it would have no option but to open talks within the law with those who held a majority.  We could offer a new dialogue so that we can fulfil Catalans  aspirations for more autonomy and look into reforming the constitution,  Foreign Affairs Minister Alfonso Dastis told French newspaper Le Figaro in an interview.  Some even mention the idea of a federal model so that regions can have more autonomy, including financially.  ",1
15714,Belgian prosecutor says will study Puigdemont arrest warrant,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgian authorities have received Spain s arrest warrant for ousted Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont and will examine it before handing it over to a judge, federal prosecutor Eric Van der Sypt said on Friday.  We will study it, we will give it to an investigative judge maybe tomorrow or the day after tomorrow,  Van der Sypt told Reuters. The comments came just hours after Spain issued an arrest warrant on sedition and other charges for Puigdemont, who went to Brussels after his government was sacked over a declaration of independence. ",1
15715,"Islamic State on verge of defeat after fresh losses in Syria, Iraq","BEIRUT/ERBIL (Reuters) - Islamic State s self-proclaimed caliphate was on the verge of final defeat on Friday, with Syrian government forces capturing its last major city on one side of the border and Iraqi forces taking its last substantial town on the other. The losses on either side of the frontier appear to reduce the caliphate that once ruled over millions of people to a single Syrian border town, a village on a bank of the Euphrates in Iraq and some patches of nearby desert. Officials on both sides of the border said its final defeat could come swiftly, although they still fear it will reconstitute as a guerrilla force, capable of waging attacks without territory to defend. Iraq s Prime Minister Haidar Abadi announced that government forces had captured al-Qaim, the border town where the Euphrates spills from Syria into Iraq. That leaves just the village of Rawa further down river on the opposite bank still in the hands of the ultra-hardline militants, who swept through a third of Iraq in 2014. On the Syrian side, government forces declared victory in Deir al-Zor, the last major city in the country s eastern desert where the militants still had a presence. Government forces are now about 40 km away from Albu Kamal, the Syrian town across the border from al-Qaim, and preparing for a final confrontation. A U.S.-led international coalition which has been bombing Islamic State and supporting ground allies on both sides of the frontier said before the fall of al-Qaim that the militant group had just a few thousand fighters left, holed up in the two towns on either side of the border.  We do expect them now to try to flee, but we are cognisant of that and will do all we can to annihilate IS leaders,  spokesman U.S. Colonel Ryan Dillon said.  As IS continues to be hunted into these smallest areas ... we see them fleeing into the desert and hiding there in an attempt to devolve back into an insurgent terrorist group,  said Dillon.  The idea of IS and the virtual caliphate, that will not be defeated in the near term. There is still going to be an IS threat.  The group s leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, is believed to be hiding in the desert near the frontier. Driven this year from its two de facto capitals   Iraq s Mosul and Syria s Raqqa   Islamic State has been squeezed into an ever-shrinking pocket of desert straddling the frontier by enemies that include most regional states and global powers. In Iraq, it faces the army and Shi ite armed groups, backed both by the U.S.-led international coalition and by Iran. In Syria, the U.S.-led coalition supports an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias north and east of the Euphrates, while Iran and Russia support the government of President Bashar al-Assad. On the Syrian side, Friday s government victory at Deir al-Zor, on the west bank of the Euphrates, ended a two month battle for control over the city, the center of Syria s oil production. Islamic State had for years besieged a government enclave there until an army advance relieved it in early September, starting a battle for jihadist-held parts of the city.  The armed forces, in cooperation with allied forces, liberated the city of Deir al-Zor completely from the clutches of the Daesh terrorist organization,  state media reported, using an Arabic acronym for Islamic State. Engineering units were searching streets and buildings in Deir al-Zor for mines and booby traps left behind by Islamic State fighters, a Syrian military source told Reuters. The source added that he did not believe the final battle at the Albu Kamal border town would involve  fierce resistance , as many fighters had been surrendering elsewhere.  Some of them will fight until death, but they will not be able to do anything,  he said.  It is besieged from all directions, there are no supplies, a collapse in morale, and therefore all the organization s elements of strength are finished.  Once Albu Kamal falls,  Daesh will be an organization that will cease to exist as a leadership structure,  the military source said.  It will be tantamount to a group of scattered individuals, it will no longer be an organization with headquarters, with leadership places, with areas it controls.  In Iraq, Abadi congratulated his forces for capturing al-Qaim  in record time  only hours after commanders announced they had entered it. Earlier in the day, they seized the border checkpoint on the road to Albu Kamal in Syria. Iraq s joint operations command said the only territory left to capture is Rawa, a small village on the opposite bank of the Euphrates. Iraq has been carrying out its final campaign to crush the Islamic State caliphate while also mounting a military offensive in the north against Kurds who held an independence referendum in September. ",1
15716,Iraqi security forces retake al-Qaim from Islamic State: PM,"ERBIL (Reuters) - Iraqi forces seized the district of al-Qaim on Friday, one of the last remaining territories in the country held by Islamic State militants, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said.  In a congratulatory statement, Abadi praised the Iraqi security forces for liberating the district  in record time . Units from the Iraqi army, Counter-Terrorism Services, Sunni tribal and Iranian-backed Popular Mobilisation forces entered the area on Friday morning. ",1
15717,Cambodian PM tells opposition to defect or face being banned from politics,"PNHOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen on Saturday called on lawmakers from the main opposition party to defect ahead of a court ruling on whether to dissolve it, saying they could be banned from politics for five years if they left it too late. The government s move to ban the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) follows the arrest of its leader, Kem Sokha, on treason charges.  He rejects the charges as politically motivated ahead of next year s general election. Hun Sen, the world s longest serving prime minister, has held power for more than 32 years.  Western countries have called for the release of Kem Sokha and for an end to attempts to dissolve the CNRP. Hun Sen said in a message to CNRP parliamentarians and local councillors, he knew not all had been involved in Kem Sokha s alleged treason and they should take the chance to switch to his ruling Cambodian People s Party (CPP).  I want to give you this opportunity to continue in your job,  he said.  It will not only be that the party is dissolved and then the matter is finished. Maybe more than 100 people will be banned from politics for five years.  He said such a ban was likely to include all the CNRP s steering committee - meaning most of its members of parliament, around half of whom have fled Cambodia to escape arrest. No CNRP officials were immediately available for comment. Cambodia s Supreme Court is in theory independent of the government in ruling on the interior ministry s request for the CNRP to be banned, but Hun Sen has said it is  a fact  that the party will be dissolved. Cambodia s parliament has already passed a law to share out elected positions to other parties if the CNRP is dissolved. Most of the seats in parliament will go to minor parties while local councils, known as communes, will be taken over by the ruling party. ",1
15718,"Fake meat, free markets ease North Koreans' hunger","SEOUL (Reuters) - Take the dregs left from making soy bean oil, which usually go to feed the pigs. Press and roll them into a sandy-colored paste. Stuff with rice, and top with chilli sauce. The dish s name, injogogi, means  man-made meat.  In North Korea for years it was a recipe for survival. Today it is a popular street food, traded alongside other goods and services on informal markets, known as jangmadang. Defectors say there are hundreds of these markets. The creation and informal trade of injogogi and other foods offers a window into a barter economy that has kept North Korea afloat despite years of isolation, abuse and sanctions.  Back in the day, people had injogogi to fill themselves up as a substitute for meat,  said Cho Ui-sung, a North Korean who defected to the South in 2014.  Now people eat it for its taste.  North Korea was set up with backing from the Soviet Union as a socialist state. The Soviet collapse in 1991 crippled the North Korean economy and brought down its centralized food distribution system. As many as three million people died. Those who survived were forced to forage, barter and invent meals from whatever they found. Since people started to use their own initiative, studies indicate, person-to-person dealings have become the way millions of North Koreans procure basic necessities such as food and clothing. But the prevalence of informal markets also makes it hard to understand the exact state of the North Korean economy. And this makes it hard to measure how badly sanctions, which do not apply to North Korean food imports, are hurting ordinary people. Pyongyang has said the curbs threaten the survival of its children. Defectors say a poor corn harvest this year has made it hard for people in rural areas to feed themselves. The agencies who want to help find all this hard to measure. Pyongyang says 70 percent of North Koreans still use the state s central distribution system as their main source of food, the same number of people that the U.N. estimates are  food insecure.  The system consistently provides lower food rations than the government s daily target, according to U.N. food agency the World Food Programme (WFP). The U.N. uses this information to call on member states to provide food aid for North Korea - $76 million for  nutrition support  alone at its last request - of which it has received $42 million. But surveys and anecdotal evidence from defectors suggest private markets are the main source of supply for most North Koreans.  It becomes sort of ridiculous to analyze food distribution in North Korea by focusing on an archaic system that s lost so much of its significance over the past couple of decades,  said Benjamin Silberstein, an associate scholar at the Foreign Policy Research Institute who researches the North Korean economy. The WFP and the U.N. s other main food aid agency, the Food and Agricultural Organization, said the U.N. relies on all available information and inputs, including official statistics. The agencies have a permanent office in Pyongyang and make regular visits to Public Distribution Centers, farms and occasionally markets in North Korea.  We recognize that the data and their sources are limited but it s the best we have available at present,  said the U.N. agencies in a joint statement, referring to the official North Korean government data. The agencies said they have seen no sign that more food than needed is delivered to North Koreans.  The main issue ... is a monotonous diet   mainly rice/maize, kimchi and bean paste   lacking in essential fats and protein,  the statement said. The North Korean diplomatic mission in Geneva did not respond to questions about how international sanctions might be harming food availability and whether U.N. aid agencies had access to markets in North Korea to assess the products on offer. Last year, North Korea s economy grew by 3.9 percent - its fastest in 17 years and faster than many developed economies, according to South Korea s central bank. It was helped largely by mining, market reforms, and dealings with China, its neighbor and now the world s largest economy. Reporters saw signs of chronic hunger in North Korea as recently as 2013, but people who have defected say the food supply has improved in recent years.  Eight defectors told Reuters they ate much the same thing as people in the South. Asked about the contents of their food cupboards, most said they were stocked with privately grown vegetables, locally made snacks and rice, or if they were poor, corn, which is a cheaper staple. Younger and wealthier defectors say they had plenty of meat, although it was often seasonal because electric power is too erratic to power fridges. Pork is common, but defectors also talked of eating dog meat, rabbit, and badger. Even so, on average North Koreans are less well nourished than their Southern neighbors. The WFP says around one in four children have grown less tall than their South Korean counterparts. A study from 2009 said pre-school children in the North were up to 13 cm (5 inches) shorter and up to 7 kg (15 pounds) lighter than those brought up in the South. The North s Public Distribution System (PDS) stipulates that 70 percent of people receive ration coupons to spend at state distribution shops. The other 30 percent are farmers who are not eligible for rations because they grow their own vegetables in private plots. According to the WFP, the PDS had been reinstated by 2006. Defectors say Kim Jong Un, who came to power in 2011, also quietly loosened the rules on private trade. Some markets, known as  grasshopper markets  for the speed with which traders set up and take down the stalls, are still illegal. But there are also officially sanctioned markets, where traders are free to buy and sell provided they pay stall fees to the state. Inventions like injogogi are among foods traded on these stalls. It is low in calories but rich in protein and fiber, to help muscle growth and keep hunger at bay, said Lee Ae-ran, a chef from the North Korean town of Hyesan who took a doctorate in nutrition in Seoul.  Because it contains so much protein, it s also very chewy,  Lee said. The sauce can be delicious, said Cho.  People who lived by the sea put shredded anchovies in the sauce; people living in the countryside used spicy peppers. I lived close by shore so I used shredded sand eels.  The jangmadang are remotely monitored by a website called Daily NK, a Seoul-based operation staffed by North Korean defector journalists. It said in a report released this August that there are 387 officially sanctioned markets in the country, encompassing more than half a million stalls. Over 5 million people are either  directly or indirectly  reliant on the markets,  solidifying their place in North Korean society as an integral and irreversible means of survival,  the report said. In 2015, a survey of 1,017 defectors by Seoul University professor Byung-yeon Kim found that official channels such as the PDS accounted for just 23.5 percent of people s food intake. Around 61 percent of respondents said private markets were their most important source of food, and the remaining 15.5 percent came from self-cultivated crops. So the official system may mean little to many North Koreans.  WFP has consistently been asking (the North Korean government) to carry out a more detailed study on market activity and the role of markets in achieving household food security,  a spokeswoman said.  As in other countries, North Korea s wealthy have choice. Residents of the capital can order up a pizza in one of Pyongyang s hundreds of restaurants, say regular visitors. Many of the eateries are operated by state-owned enterprises. Some used to cater only to tourists. Increasingly they now also collect dollars and euros from locals. At a place people know as the  Italian on Kwangbok Street,  for example, moneyed locals and western tourists alike can pick vongole pasta for $3.50, or pepperoni pizzas for $10, the menu says. This compares with $0.30 for a kilo of corn or $0.50 for a portion of injogogi in the markets. Reuters was unable to determine how the restaurant sources its ingredients such as pepperoni, although North Korea imports processed meats and cheeses from European countries and Southeast Asia - such imports are legal. Calls to the phone numbers on the menu failed and an operator for the Pyongyang switchboard said the numbers could not be connected to international lines. As the economy in North Korea has changed, so have the tastes of a moneyed middle class keen to try new foods. Kim Jong Un has called for more domestically produced goods, according to state media, and there are more locally made sweets, snacks and candies. The country does not publish detailed import data but China s exports of sugar to North Korea in January to September this year ballooned to 44,725 tonnes, Chinese data shows. That is about half of all China s global sugar exports and compares with 1,236 tonnes in 2016 and 2,843 in 2015. North Korea does not produce sugar. According to the International Sugar Organization, the North s sugar consumption is fairly steady at around 89,000-90,000 tonnes a year   a very modest amount per head. Each South Korean consumes about nine times more than that. At the other end of the social scale, Chinese data shows corn exports to North Korea also jumped in the first nine months of this year, to nearly 50,000 tonnes, compared with just over 3,000 tonnes in the whole of 2016. Daily NK reporters say they call secret sources in North Korea several times a week to get the market price of rice, corn, pork, fuels and the won currency - which is traded at around 8,100 to the dollar, as opposed to the official rate of around 100 to the dollar. So far, their reports suggest, petrol and diesel prices have doubled since the most recent round of U.N. Security Council resolutions. The market price of rice and corn has increased less sharply. Reuters was not able to independently confirm their reports. And there are other ways North Koreans can supplement their diets.  My dad often received bribes,  said one 28-year-old defector who asked to be identified only by her surname, Kang, because when she moved out in late 2010 she left her father behind. He was a high-ranking public official. The bribes he received included goat meat, dog meat and deer meat, she said. (For a graphic on 'Rising costs, falling aid' click tmsnrt.rs/2h95QBL) ",1
15719,'He's such a dreamer:' Skepticism dogs U.S. envoy's North Korean peace efforts,"WASHINGTON/SEOUL (Reuters) - Saddled with the toughest job in American diplomacy, the chief U.S. negotiator with North Korea stands between a U.S. president who insists he doesn t want to talk and an enemy who shows no interest in listening. While veteran State Department Asia hand Joseph Yun might be Washington s best diplomatic hope for reducing the risk of a  devastating war on the Korean peninsula, he serves an administration riven by divisions over how to handle Pyongyang.   On the other side, North Korea s young leader, Kim Jong Un,  shows little interest in negotiating either, at least not until he has developed a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. Despite the daunting obstacles, South Korean-born Yun has told colleagues and others he hopes his diplomatic efforts can lower the temperature in a dangerous nuclear stand-off, according to Reuters interviews with more than a dozen current and former U.S. officials and South Korean diplomats. Most were deeply skeptical about his chances.    He s such a dreamer,  a White House official said, with a note of sarcasm.    We don t think this is going anywhere,  said another U.S. official, although he suggested it was still worthwhile to keep engaging at some level with the North Koreans as long as Yun does not appear to be undermining President Donald Trump s public rejection of direct negotiations. Trump has told aides that his military threats will drive North Korea to capitulate and rein in its nuclear and missile programs, four White House officials said, a view not shared among most U.S. intelligence agencies. Yun, however, is quietly pursuing direct diplomacy with North Korean officials at the United Nations and has a mandate to discuss issues beyond the release of U.S. citizens, a senior State Department official told Reuters this week. In June, he secured the release of U.S. student Otto Warmbier, who returned to the United States in a coma and died days later.  Trump headed to Asia on Friday as a senior aide warned the world is  running out of time  on the North Korea crisis. Behind the scenes, Yun is trying to keep open a fragile line of communication that could be used to prevent any miscalculation by one side or the other from spiraling into military conflict. Further aggravating tensions, two U.S. strategic bombers conducted drills over South Korea on Thursday. That followed word from South Korea s spy agency that North Korea may be preparing another missile launch. U.S. officials have said privately that intercepting a test missile is among options under consideration, though there is disagreement within the administration about the risks. In the midst of this is Yun, a soft-spoken, 32-year foreign service veteran who took on the job a year ago, near the end of the Obama administration. He is grappling with Trump s strident rhetoric as well as disagreement among the president s top aides over whether saber-rattling will force Kim to capitulate and what the threshold for any military actions should be, according to several U.S. officials who spoke on condition of anonymity.  Concern about Yun s difficulties has surfaced in Seoul, where he visits regularly and where Trump will travel next week on the second stop of his Asian tour. Several South Korean officials expressed worry that Yun s diplomatic efforts with North Korea lack any real underpinning of support from the White House.    Things are clearly not easy for him,  one South Korean diplomat said.  Yun is precisely that person (to talk to North Korea), but Trump is killing the whole process.  Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told reporters on Sept. 30 the United States was probing for a diplomatic opening, only to be slapped down by Trump, who told him via Twitter this was a waste of time. At the same time, CIA Director Mike Pompeo, who regularly briefs Trump on intelligence matters and is considered one of the most hawkish voices on North Korea in the president s inner circle, has apparently gained stature.    Several officials familiar with those discussions say Pompeo is feeding Trump assessments that U.S. military threats will force Kim to bow to U.S. demands for nuclear disarmament, a position that some U.S. intelligence officers privately contest.  The CIA declined comment. A U.S. official who spoke on condition of anonymity said Yun  has become diplomatically  untethered,  not fully connected to a core U.S. approach that is emphasizing economic sanctions and the threat of military action rather than diplomacy.   The one tangible achievement of Yun s diplomatic efforts in the past year was winning the release of 22-year-old Warmbier in secret talks with North Korean officials in Oslo and New York. Yun flew to Pyongyang in June to medically evacuate Warmbier. When Choe Son Hui, head of the North Korean foreign ministry s North America bureau, met Yun in Oslo, she was unaware of how serious Warmbier s condition was, a source in Washington knowledgeable about the matter said.  But once she learned about it she was  shocked  and Yun was summoned urgently to meet a North Korean diplomat in New York, which quickly led to Warmbier s return home, the source said. Warmbier s death complicated Yun s efforts as it contributed to a chilling of U.S.-North Korean contacts around that time, the State Department official said.  Despite Trump s threats of military action against Pyongyang, the State Department official said Yun s view was  the less you engage diplomatically, the more likely you are in the dark.  Even so, Trump s rhetoric has raised questions among allies, and possibly even in North Korea, about how serious, if at all, his administration is about diplomacy and how much of a mandate Yun may have to pursue it.    Trump  personalized  the conflict   deriding Kim as  Little Rocket Man  -  against the advice of his national security and intelligence experts, some of whom warned it could be counterproductive, a senior national security official said.   Another official pointed out, however, that Trump, who in May said he would be honored to meet Kim, had not hurled any fresh insults at Kim in recent days, raising hopes for an altered approach. A South Korean official in Seoul said it was necessary for Washington to have someone in contact with North Korea to help spur future negotiations if they are ever to take hold. But Trump s national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, told Japan s NHK television this week:  What we cannot afford to do is enter into these long, drawn-out negotiations that allow North Korea to use these negotiations as cover for continuing their nuclear and missile programs.  Former U.S. negotiators sympathize with Yun, whose authority to negotiate has been undercut by the tug-of-war between a White House breathing fire and a State Department pushing a peaceful solution.  Nobody doubted my authority,  said Wendy Sherman, one of the lead U.S. negotiators who achieved the 2015 deal under which Iran agreed to restrain its nuclear program in return for relief from economic sanctions.  All of this undermines our ability to do the job.  Robert Gallucci, who was chief U.S. negotiator during the North Korean nuclear crisis of 1994 and has had recent contact with Yun, said the envoy is  realistic about the challenges of negotiating in the current atmosphere, including the tone set by the president, but he believes in the mission even as his approach is guided by realism.  ",1
15720,Iraqi Shi'ite militia says will fight IS in Syria border town,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - An Iraqi Shi ite militia fighting Islamic State in Iraq near the border with Syria will also take on the jihadist group in the Syria border town of Albu Kamal, the militia s spokesman was quoted as saying on Friday. Jaafar Hussaini, the spokesman for the Iran-backed Kataib Hezbollah militia, one of the Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMF) fighting alongside the Iraqi army against Islamic State, was speaking to Lebanese television channel al-Mayadin.   Hussaini said the Iraqi resistance forces, a euphemism for Iran-backed Shi ite militias, would take part in the battle against Islamic State in Syria s Albu Kamal because it borders Iraq, Al-Mayadin reported. On Friday Iraqi forces, including PMF, took the Iraqi border town of al-Qaim, near Albu Kamal, from Islamic State.  The Syrian army and allied Iran-backed Shi ite militias, supported by Russian air power, are approaching Albu Kamal as part of their own offensive against the Islamic State enclave straddling the border between Syria and Iraq.   Albu Kamal is in missile range of the Iraqi forces in al-Qaim. The presence of our forces on the border with Albu Kamal means there will be a new front in the confrontation with Daesh,  Hussaini said using an Arabic acronym for Islamic State.  The Syrian army and its allies are advancing towards Albu Kamal across the desert southwest of the city and along the Euphrates river from the northwest.  Te Syrian government declared victory over Islamic State in Deir al-Zor, the biggest city in eastern Syria, on Friday after two months of battle.  ",1
15721,"Afghanistan moves to block WhatsApp, Telegram messaging services","KABUL (Reuters) - Afghanistan s telecoms regulator wrote to internet service providers this week ordering them to block the messaging services WhatsApp and Telegram but it was not immediately clear whether they had complied. Use of social media and mobile instant messaging services has exploded in Afghanistan over recent years. Social media users and civil rights groups reacted with outrage to initial reports of the move and the letter sent by telecoms regulator ATRA was widely shared on social media.     Some media reports, citing unidentified sources, said the move had been ordered by the National Directorate for Security to thwart the use of the encrypted messaging services by the Taliban and other insurgent groups. It was not immediately possible to confirm the reports. The acting minister for telecommunications, Shahzad Aryobee, posted a message on Facebook saying that the telecoms regulator had been ordered to put a gradual block on the services to improve their functioning after complaints had been received.  The government is committed to freedom of speech and knows that it is a basic civil right for our people,  he wrote. The letter by telecoms regulator ATRA, dated Nov. 1 and signed by an official of the regulator, directed internet companies to block Telegram and Facebook Inc s (FB.O) WhatsApp services  without delay  for a period of 20 days. However, the service worked normally this week and still appeared to be working normally on Saturday on both state-owned operator Salaam and private service providers. On Friday, there were reports of interruptions but it was not clear whether they were caused by a deliberate shutdown or by the unrelated issues with WhatsApp services that were experienced in several countries. Mobile phone services have been one of the big success stories in Afghanistan since the Taliban were ousted from power by a U.S.-led campaign in 2001, but there are also frequent complaints from users about quality and coverage. WhatsApp and similar services, including Facebook Messenger and Viber, are widely used by Afghan politicians and members of the government as well as by the Taliban, which has a sophisticated social media operation of its own. The movement s main spokesman, Zabihullah Mujahid, wrote to reporters this week giving his Viber number  in case WhatsApp is not working . ",1
15722,"Argentine survivor of New York attack pleads for justice, love","(Reuters) -  What has the world turned in to?  a friend of the five Argentines killed in the New York attack this week asked at a news conference on Friday, alongside three other surviving members of a group of former classmates. Guillermo Banchini, an architect, and friends were cycling in New York during a 30-year high school reunion trip on Tuesday when a driver of a pickup truck plowed down a bike path.  How could someone think of, plan and do something like this? We cannot get our heads around it,  Banchini said at the Argentine consulate in New York.  Let there be justice. Let this not be repeated, not here nor anywhere in the world.   Eight people, including a Belgian woman, a New Yorker and a New Jersey man, were killed and 11 injured in lower Manhattan in the attack along the Hudson River. The suspect, 29-year-old Uzbek immigrant Sayfullo Saipov, was charged with acting on behalf of Islamic State, whose followers have carried out vehicle attacks in several cities, mostly in Europe. The five deceased Argentines, businessmen and architects aged 48 to 49, were all alums of a polytechnic high school in Rosario, Argentina s third-largest city. Another member of the group, Martin Ludovico Marro, was injured and hospitalized in Manhattan and did not attend the televised news conference. Banchini, speaking on behalf of the other Argentine survivors, said the pain they were feeling would always endure, but they would move forward the way they had learned as close knit childhood friends.  In the name of those values, and a way of life, we want to make a bet - love conquers hate,  he said. ",1
15723,"Promote peace, China's Xi tells soldiers at first overseas base","BEIJING (Reuters) - Troops serving at China s first overseas military base, in the Horn of Africa country of Djibouti, should help promote peace and stability, President Xi Jinping told them in a video chat, encouraging them to promote a good image. China formally opened the base in August on the same day as the People s Liberation Army marked its 90th birthday. It is China s first overseas naval base, although Beijing officially describes it as a logistics facility. Djibouti s position on the northwestern edge of the Indian Ocean has fueled worry in India that it would become another of China s  string of pearls  military alliances and assets ringing India, including Bangladesh, Myanmar and Sri Lanka. Speaking to China s Djibouti-based forces during a visit to a joint battle command center in Beijing, Xi  got a good understanding  of the base s operations and the lives of the soldiers there, China s Defence Ministry said late on Friday. Xi  encouraged them to establish a good image for China s military and promote international and regional peace and stability , the ministry said. The soldiers responded that they would not let Xi or China down, it said. China began construction of the base in Djibouti last year. It will be used to resupply navy ships taking part in peacekeeping and humanitarian missions off the coasts of Yemen and Somalia, in particular. Chinese President Xi Jinping is overseeing an ambitious military modernization program, including developing capabilities for China s forces to operate far from home. During his visit to the command center, Xi also instructed the armed forces to improve their combat capability and readiness for war, the ministry said. Xi said progress in joint operation command systems, especially in efficiency at the regional level, was needed and troops must conduct training under combat conditions. Djibouti, which is about the size of Wales, is at the southern entrance to the Red Sea on the route to the Suez Canal. The tiny, barren nation sandwiched between Ethiopia, Eritrea and Somalia also hosts U.S., Japanese and French bases. There has been persistent speculation in diplomatic circles that China would build other such bases, in Pakistan for example, but the government has dismissed this. ",1
15724,"Trump, dogged at home, begins longest presidential Asia trip in years","HONOLULU (Reuters) - President Donald Trump arrived in Hawaii on Friday as he set out on the longest trip to Asia by an American president in more than a quarter century, looking for help to pressure North Korea to stand down from a nuclear crisis. After Air Force One landed at Joint Base Hickam, Trump and his wife, Melania, were draped with traditional lei necklaces. Trump went on to nearby Camp Smith for a classified briefing from Pacific Command military leaders that officials expected would touch on North Korea and other areas. Later, he was to visit Pearl Harbor and the USS Arizona memorial for the U.S. sailors killed when Japan bombed the American naval base on Dec. 7, 1941. Trump s 12-day trip to Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam and the Philippines, ending on Nov. 14, takes him out of Washington at a time when he has been beset by several issues. These include an intensifying federal investigation into Russian meddling in last year s election, New York s recovery from an attack earlier this week that killed eight people, and debate over a Republican tax-cut plan that if approved by Congress would be Trump s first major legislative victory. The trip began just days after Trump s former campaign manager Paul Manafort was indicted in the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and after his attorney general, Jeff Sessions, faced Democratic calls to appear before Congress again to clarify his previous testimony about the campaign s Russia contacts. Amid the furor caused by the revelations, the Kremlin said on Friday that a meeting between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin at an Asian economic summit next week was being discussed, and Trump said it might happen.  We may have a meeting with Putin,  Trump told Fox News.  And, again   Putin is very important because they can help us with North Korea. They can help us with Syria. We have to talk about Ukraine.  Court documents made public on Monday also disclosed that a Trump campaign foreign policy adviser, George Papadopoulos, pleaded guilty early last month to lying to the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The documents cited a March 2016 meeting, when Trump was campaigning for the presidency, and attended by Trump and Sessions, in which Papadopoulos offered to help arrange a meeting between Trump and Putin. While Trump tweeted about developments vigorously this week, he told The New York Times on Wednesday that he was  not angry at anybody  about the case and there was nothing to suggest any collusion by his campaign and Russia. Trump s plan for an extended absence from Washington has alarmed allies who, after seeing a healthcare reform bid fizzle, worry the tax effort could suffer without Trump to keep momentum going. On Saturday, Trump is to fly to Japan and later visit South Korea in search of a united front against North Korea before going to Beijing, where he will push Chinese President Xi Jinping to get tougher with Pyongyang. In the Fox interview, Trump was asked if he planned to be tough on China over thorny issues including trade, intellectual property theft and subsidies.  You have to understand something - very important,  he responded.  We have a problem called North Korea.  Trump said Chinese President Xi Jinping  has been pretty terrific  in cutting Pyongyang off from banking and oil systems. He added that Japan had reason to be worried about North Korea and alluded to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s campaign for a military buildup against that threat.  Well, you know Japan is a warrior nation,  he said.  I tell China and I tell everyone else that, listen, you re going to have yourself a big problem with Japan pretty soon if you allow this to continue with North Korea.  Trump will attend the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Danang, Vietnam, make a state visit to Hanoi and end his trip with the Association of South East Asia Nations summit in Manila. Trump told reporters before leaving on Friday that he would spend an extra day in the Philippines. The last time a U.S. president was in Asia for so long was in late 1991 and early 1992, when President George H.W. Bush became ill at a Japanese state dinner. ",1
15725,U.S. says Turkish gold trader facing Iran trial invoked Erdogan ties,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A wealthy Turkish gold trader charged in the United States with violating U.S. sanctions against Iran sought support from and invoked the name of Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan to advance his business, U.S. prosecutors said. The allegations against the trader, Reza Zarrab, had been detailed in a Monday federal court filing in Manhattan, but the Turkish lira fell more than 1 percent against the U.S. dollar after Bloomberg News reported the filing on Friday. Erdogan has not been accused of wrongdoing, but the case has complicated the U.S. relationship with Turkey, a crucial Middle East ally.  Benjamin Brafman, a lawyer for Zarrab, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Turkish government officials could not immediately be reached. Prosecutors accused the Iranian-born Zarrab and co-conspirators of handling hundreds of millions of dollars for Iran s government and Iranian entities from 2010 to 2015, in a scheme to evade U.S. actions. Nine people have been criminally charged, but only Zarrab and a banker from Turkey s Halkbank, Mehmet Hakan Atilla, are in U.S. custody. A trial is scheduled for Nov. 27. But in a filing late Friday, Atilla s lawyers requested a delay to January 2018, citing the amount of work still be done,  much of it  in Turkey, and the difficulty of trial preparation with Atilla housed in a Manhattan jail.  In Monday s filing, prosecutors said  the government anticipates that the evidence introduced at trial will show that Turkish government and banking officials were integral to the sanctions evasion scheme.  The filing detailed recorded phone conversations and documents that according to prosecutors suggest Zarrab was looking out for Erdogan s interests. It said one call occurred on April 16, 2013, when Zarrab spoke with another defendant about his efforts to buy a bank to establish a conduit for Iranian transactions. Prosecutors said Zarrab and Erdogan, then Turkey s prime minister, had spoken four days earlier at a wedding.  I explained it that day at the wedding,  Zarrab told the co-defendant, according to prosecutors.  I will go back and will say, Mr. Prime Minister, if you approve, give me a license, I will go though BDDK (the Turkish bank regulator) even if I bought the bank anyway.  In a separate filing, Atilla s lawyers have said Zarrab has  essentially not participated  in the case and that Atilla might be the only defendant appearing at trial. This raised speculation that Zarrab might be preparing a guilty plea or to cooperate, or that charges against him may change. The case is U.S. v. Zarrab et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 15-cr-00867. ",1
15726,Canada imposes sanctions on 30 Russians over death of lawyer,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada imposed sanctions on Friday against 30 Russian officials whom it said were complicit in the 2009 prison death of Sergei Magnitsky, an anti-corruption lawyer who was jailed after alleging a massive tax fraud. The measures   which freeze the assets of the officials and bar them from visiting Canada   were enacted through a new law giving the government the right to penalize those it says are guilty of human rights violations, the foreign ministry said in a statement. Among those targeted are Alexander Bastrykin, Russia s top investigator and a close aide to Russian President Vladimir Putin. The United States blacklisted him in January 2017, citing Magnitsky s death.  Today s announcement sends a clear message that Canada will take action against individuals who have profited from acts of significant corruption or who have been involved in gross violations of human rights,  said Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland.  Moscow said last month it would retaliate if Canada banned individuals under the new law. The Russian embassy in Ottawa later issued a statement denouncing the sanctions as  absolutely pointless and reprehensible .  Canada has repeatedly condemned Moscow over Russia s 2014 annexation of Ukraine s Crimea region and imposed sanctions along with other Western nations. The United States adopted a law in 2012 freezing any U.S. assets of Russian investigators and prosecutors said to have been involved in the detention of Magnitsky. In retaliation, Moscow barred Americans from adopting Russian children. In addition to penalizing the 30 Russians, Canada also imposed sanctions on 19 officials from Venezuela and three from South Sudan. ",1
15727,"Merkel says three-way coalition can work, Greens skeptical","BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel expressed confidence on Friday that her conservatives can reach a coalition deal with the Greens and pro-business Free Democrats (FDP), but her would-be partners say the talks could still fail. After bleeding support to the far right in last month s election, and with her former coalition partners, the Social Democrats (SPD), determined to go into opposition, Merkel must bring together three disparate blocs to secure a majority. Party leaders are slated to meet on Monday evening before the larger negotiating teams launch into more detailed talks.  Difficult deliberations lie ahead of us in the coming days,  Merkel told reporters on arrival for a fresh round of exploratory talks.  But I still think we can tie the ends together if we try and work hard.  Failure to forge a coalition would likely result in a new election that could see more gains for the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD), which surged into parliament last month. SPD leader Martin Schulz ruled out any prospect of resuming the outgoing  grand coalition  if Merkel failed to reach agreement with the Greens and FDP.  If Mrs. Merkel can t put a government together, there must be new elections,  he said in an interview to be published Saturday by the RND newspaper chain. Marco Buschmann, head of the FDP parliamentary group and a member of the party s negotiating team, told Saturday editions of Die Welt newspaper that his party was ready to move into opposition if the coalition talks failed.  A new election could strengthen the far-right Alternative for Germany that entered parliament with 13 percent of the vote, but voters might not turn to the AfD as a  protest vote  if the differences among the other parties were more clear, he added. The would-be allies agreed during Friday s talks on the need to relieve the financial burden on families, increase child care options and combat child poverty, negotiators said. They also agreed to support Germany s role in NATO and other multilateral organizations, to strengthen cooperation with France and to maintain  good relations  with Russia. But they remain at odds about immigration caps, whether to end coal production, how to combat climate change and increasing defense spending, among other issues. And the divisive issue of transport was not discussed at all on Friday. Negotiators agreed to  be nicer to each other , FDP deputy leader Wolfgang Kubicki told reporters, adding:  I m willing to try, but everyone has to play along.  The parties will now spend the weekend distilling their priorities before Merkel meets the other party leaders on Monday.  We have all the many ingredients on the table. Now we have to combine them all into a tasty dough,  said Michael Kellner, a top Greens negotiator. Fellow Greens negotiator Juergen Trittin struck a less conciliatory tone, telling ARD television that, after 10 days of debate on 12 topics, the parties still  haven t even managed to agree on what we disagree about . FDP leader Christian Lindner and Buschmann put the odds of a coalition being formed at 50-50. Greens foreign policy expert Omid Nouripour said the talks might fail altogether. Merkel has said she expects a stable government before Christmas, but senior conservatives close to her say it may take until next year for a new government to be formed. Horst Seehofer, embattled head of the CSU, sister party to Merkel s CDU, said he was encouraged by  very constructive, trustworthy discussions  among party leaders in recent days. He urged negotiators to stop airing their conflicts in public.  We can hit the reset button and hope that things change in the next few days,  he said. Seehofer came under fire from his party s youth wing for cancelling a speech to the group, which has called for a more  youthful image  ahead of Bavarian regional elections next year.  Hans Reichhart, head of the CSU youth group, suggested the move could exacerbate debate about Seehofer s future after sharp losses in the Sept. 24 election. Seehofer had urged party members to put off debating the leadership until later this month, arguing that it could weaken his negotiating position in the coalition talks. ",1
15728,Canada government facing resistance from Senate over pot law,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - The Canadian government s plan to legalize recreational marijuana by next July could be in jeopardy, with opposition brewing among some in the Senate and concerns that the deadline to pass the bill is rapidly approaching.  The Senate s approval is needed to pass laws though it does not often block bills passed by the elected House of Commons. Some senators say police need more time to prepare and also oppose setting the federal age of legal use at 18. Legalizing marijuana for recreational use was part of Liberal Prime Minister Justin Trudeau s 2015 election campaign and the government has set a relatively quick deadline to put it in place. Canada would be the first Group of Seven country to allow the drug nationally. The legislation is not expected to reach the upper house until December and some senators have said they will take as long as they need to review it. That could put Trudeau and the upper house of parliament at loggerheads again. Senators, who are not elected, recently delayed the government s budget bill before ultimately passing it.     Conservative Senator Pierre-Hugues Boisvenu said he expects implementation will need to be delayed until December 2018 or early 2019 to give police forces enough time to prepare for widespread use of the drug.  I think it s too early,  Boisvenu said on Friday by phone.  What they ve (the police) told us until today is they will not be prepared next July.     Boisvenu said Conservative senators will meet to discuss strategy about delaying the bill if necessary. Member of Parliament Bill Blair, a former police chief and the government s point person on the legislation, said added delays in regulation will put more underage users at risk.   By all means, take the time to do it right, but unnecessary delay is unacceptable,  Blair said by phone.  The potential clash highlights a hurdle Trudeau has partly set up for himself after he expelled all Liberal senators from the party s caucus in 2014 amid an expenses scandal and to curb partisanship.  Although Trudeau has appointed independent senators since then, he has no formal leverage to get the government s legislation passed.  The government, if it had a clear majority in the Senate, could at one point impose party discipline and have its bill voted on. It s not in that situation now,  said Senator Andre Pratte, an independent who was appointed by Trudeau in 2016.   ",1
15729,U.S. carries out first strikes against Islamic State in Somalia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States carried out its first air strikes against Islamic State militants in Somalia and killed  several terrorists,  the U.S. military said on Friday.  The Pentagon s Africa Command said the first strike was carried out at midnight local time (2100 GMT, Thursday) and another one at 11 a.m. on Nov. 3.   Several terrorists  were killed, the military said in a statement, adding that the strikes were conducted in coordination with Somalia s government.   U.S. forces will continue to use all authorized and appropriate measures to protect Americans and to disable terrorist threats,  the statement said. Islamic State has been gathering recruits in the region, although experts say the scale of its force is unclear and it remains a small player compared to the al Shabaab group. Last month, a group loyal to Islamic State seized a small port town in Somalia s semi-autonomous Puntland region, the first town it has taken since emerging a year ago. The group, which refers to itself simply as Islamic State, is a rival to the larger al Shabaab force, which is linked to Islamic State s rival al Qaeda and once controlled much of Somalia. The United States has occasionally carried out strikes against al Shabaab militants in Somalia, which retains a strong presence in parts of the south and center and carries out gun and bomb attacks. The al Shabaab group aims to drive out the peacekeepers, topple Somalia s Western-backed government and impose its strict version of Islam on the Horn of Africa state. More than 350 people were killed in twin bombings in the Somali capital Mogadishu last month, the deadliest attack in the country s history. Earlier this year, the White House granted the U.S. military broader authority to carry out strikes in Somalia against al Shabaab. ",1
15730,Germany could award contract for new spy satellites this month: RND news group,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The German government could award a 400 million euros ($465 million) contract this month for work on up to three new spy satellites for its foreign intelligence service, the RND news group reported late on Friday. Citing security sources, it said the funds had already been quietly approved by the budget committee of the Bundestag, or lower house of parliament. The newspaper chain said Airbus and the Bremen-based company OHB had submitted separate bids to build the new satellite system called  George . It quoted unnamed lawmakers as saying that Israel Aerospace Industries [ISRAI.UL] may also have submitted a bid. The new satellites are to be used by the BND intelligence agency to provide  rapid, independent information and threat assessments,  RND said, citing a paper from the chancellery.  It s not enough anymore to be dependent on third parties to generate data, to purchase imagery on the commercial market or to request it from international partners,  the paper said. Increasing crises around the world could impact Germany, and  political decisionmakers expect immediate and valid information  from intelligence agencies. No comment was immediately available from the chancellery or the BND intelligence agency. ($1 = 0.8617 euros) ",1
15731,Ex-Argentina VP Boudou arrested in corruption case,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Amado Boudou, who had been former Argentine President Cristina Fernandez s economy minister and vice president, was arrested on corruption charges on Friday, becoming the second major official in her government to face detention. Police arrested Boudou and an alleged associate, Jose Maria Nunez Carmona, in an upscale neighborhood of Buenos Aires for racketeering and money laundering. Local television showed Boudou, grim-faced and wearing a plain black T-shirt, as he stood beside two bearded security officers. In other photographs broadcast on television, he was in handcuffs, standing in what appeared to be his home. Boudou s lawyer denounced the arrest on Friday, calling it  arbitrary.    We never had any problems, and overnight, just in the week that there is a complaint to the Magistrates Council, the arrest was ordered,  attorney Eduardo Duranona said on local television.   The 55-year-old economist faces three counts of  illicit enrichment  dating back to 2009, the year he was promoted from heading Argentina s social security administration to become Fernandez s economy minister. He became vice president in 2011, when Fernandez won reelection. But he was largely absent from public view during that four-year term as accusations of corruption mounted against him. He and Carmona  developed their criminal schemes at least since the start of August 2009, when Amado Boudou took charge of the  Ministry of Economy and Finance, until the month of December 2015, when he finished his term as vice president,  according to the arrest warrant.   Fernandez s former planning minister, Julio De Vido, was arrested on Oct. 25, just three days after current President Mauricio Macri s  Cambiemos,  or  Let s Change,  coalition swept Argentina s Oct. 22 midterm elections. Fernandez herself is facing corruption allegations stemming from her eight years as president. She will, however, be immune from arrest after being elected to the Senate under Argentina s list system despite coming in second to Macri s candidate. Fernandez was indicted last year on charges that she and her public works secretary, Jose Lopez, embezzled money meant for road projects. Lopez was arrested in June 2016 while trying to stash bags of cash in a Catholic convent. In a statement on Friday afternoon, Fernandez s  Citizens  Unity  party accused Macri of using the judicial system to persecute political opponents, putting Argentine democracy  at risk.   The deprivation of the former vice president s freedom has nothing to do with the case being investigated. It is a clear maneuver to intimidate, extort, and discipline union leaders and the political opposition,  the party wrote.  ",1
15732,North Korea calls for a halt to 'brutal' sanctions,"GENEVA (Reuters) - North Korea called on Friday for a halt to what it called  brutal sanctions , saying the measures - imposed after its latest nuclear test - constituted genocide.  Today the U.S.-led racket of brutal sanctions and pressure against the DPRK constitutes contemporary human rights violation and genocide,  the North Korean mission to the United Nations in Geneva said in a statement. The sanctions regime  threatens and impedes the enjoyment by the people of DPRK of their human rights in all sectors , it said. The call for an immediate end to the sanctions comes as U.S. President Donald Trump sets off on a trip to Asia - including China, South Korea and Japan - looking for help to pressure North Korea to stand down from the nuclear crisis.  The global community has been ramping up the pressure on the isolated country after it conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test so far, on Sept. 3.  Last month the United States unilaterally imposed sanctions on seven North Korean individuals and three entities over what it called serious human rights abuses, including forced labor. In September the U.N. Security Council strengthened its sanctions, including export bans as well as asset freezes and travel bans on various officials, North Korea s response follows a U.N. expert last month saying international sanctions may be hurting key economic sectors and hampering the human rights of Pyongyang s citizens. The sanctions meant that  some unprincipled countries have blocked the delivery of medical equipment and medicines , the North Korean mission said on Friday, with the supplies destined for children and mothers in the country.  All types of anti-human rights and inhumane sanctions against the DPRK should be terminated immediately and thoroughly,  it said. ",1
15733,"Some 700 migrants rescued in Mediterranean, 23 found dead","ROME (Reuters) - Rescuers pulled 700 boat migrants to safety in the Mediterranean and found 23 bodies during one operation on Friday, an Italian coastguard spokesman said, the second loss of multiple lives recorded in the area so far this week.  After around three years of mass arrivals, the number of migrants reaching Italy has fallen sharply since July, when Rome struck a deal with Libya to block what had become a busy route for people smugglers. A Spanish ship deployed in the European Union s Operation Sophia naval mission recovered the dead, along with 64 survivors, from a sinking rubber boat, the mission said on its Facebook page.   A tough day in the Central Mediterranean Sea,  the Facebook post said, adding the rescues had started in the early morning. Six rescue operations were carried out in total on Friday, the spokesman said, making it one of the busiest days for rescues in recent months. Seven people were found dead and 900 saved on Wednesday. The Italian Coast Guard ship Diciotti was heading for the southern port of Reggio Calabria with 764 rescued migrants on board, the ANSA news agency said in a report confirmed by the coast guard spokesman. Diciotti was also carrying eight dead bodies, ANSA said. It was not clear if they had been among those recovered by the Spanish ship. Those rescued were originally from Sub-Saharan Africa, Pakistan, Libya, Bangladesh, Algeria, Egypt, Nepal, Morocco, Sri Lanka, Yemen, Syria, Jordan and Lebanon, ANSA said.  In the Aegean Sea on Friday, three people drowned, six were known to be missing and scores of others were rescued while trying to reach Greece. ",1
15734,"Syrian government forces will march to Raqqa soon, Iranian official says","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian government forces will advance soon to take Raqqa city, which U.S.-backed fighters seized from Islamic State last month, a senior Iranian official said on Friday.  Ali Akbar Velayati, the top adviser to Iran s Supreme Leader, also accused the United States of seeking to divide Syria by stationing its forces east of the Euphrates river.   We will witness in the near future the advance of government and popular forces in Syria and east of the Euphrates, and the liberation of Raqqa city,  he said in televised comments on a visit to Beirut.  Since early in the Syrian war, Iran has provided critical military support to the Damascus government, helping it regain swathes of land from rebels and militants. Last month, U.S.-backed militias declared victory in Raqqa, Islamic State s former headquarters in Syria, after months of fighting with the help of the U.S.-led coalition.  The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias, is also battling Islamic State in eastern Syria with U.S.-led air strikes and special forces. The SDF assault in Deir al-Zor has focused on territory east of the river, which bisects the oil-rich province.     The Syrian army, with Russian air power and Iran-backed militias, is waging its own separate offensive against Islamic State there, mostly to the west of the river. The U.S.-led coalition and the Russian military have been holding  deconfliction  meetings - to prevent clashes between planes and troops - though the two offensives have sometimes come into conflict. The U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State has repeatedly said it does not seek to fight Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s military.  After capturing Raqqa, the SDF said the people of the majority Arab city would decide their own future  within the framework of a decentralized, federal, democratic Syria.   The Kurdish-led SDF pledged  to protect the frontiers of (Raqqa) province against all external threats  and to hand control to a civil council from the city. But last week, Damascus said it deemed Raqqa  occupied  until the Syrian army took control. With Islamic State near defeat in Syria, rivalry between Damascus and Kurdish-led forces is emerging as a fault line that could draw the United States in more deeply and complicate Russian diplomacy. Syria s main Kurdish groups hope for a new phase of negotiations to shore up their autonomous regions in the north. The Syrian government, however, has asserted in more forceful terms its claim to territory under SDF control including oil fields in the east.  ",1
15735,Fraud probe to delay Liberia election run-off: election commission,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - A presidential election run-off in Liberia scheduled for Tuesday will be delayed by a Supreme Court fraud investigation, the National Elections Commission (NEC) said on Friday. Former soccer star George Weah and Vice President Joseph Boakai are competing to succeed President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, a Nobel Peace Prize laureate whose election in 2005 helped draw a line under 14 years of civil war. The vote is meant to mark Liberia s first democratic transition of power since 1944, but the Supreme Court this week halted preparations while it examined charges by third-place finisher Charles Brumskine s Liberty Party that the Oct. 10 first round was marred by fraud. Following arguments by the Liberty Party and counter-arguments by the NEC, Chief Justice Francis Korkpor said that the court would give its decision at 10 a.m. (1000 GMT) on Monday, one day before the scheduled poll.   The election will definitely be delayed, but we don t know for how long,  NEC spokesman Henry Flomo said.  The fact that the court will not rule until Monday is a delay.  Boakai s ruling Unity Party has backed the Liberty Party s allegations and even accused Johnson Sirleaf, one of its own members, of interfering in the vote by holding private meetings with election magistrates.  Johnson Sirleaf denied the meetings were inappropriate. Observers from the European Union and the Carter Center said they saw no major problems with the first round vote. Addressing the court s five justices, Brumskine cited  gross irregularities . In its complaint last week, the Liberty Party alleged various problems, including the late opening of polls, the absence of queue controllers and fraud by NEC officials.   This is not about losing or winning,  Brumskine told the court.  It has do to do with putting a system in place.  Lawyers for the NEC replied that the petitioners did not have any evidence and asked that the court lift its stay so that the commission could organize the second round.  The streets of the capital Monrovia remained calm with riot police deployed to protect the Supreme Court building and the election commission headquarters. Weah, who became the first non-European to win the European soccer player of the year award in 1995, won the first round of voting with 38.4 percent to Boakai s 28.8 percent. Brumskine won nearly 10 percent.  ",1
15736,Venezuela opposition coalition split ahead of new vote,"CARACAS/MARACAIBO, Venezuela (Reuters) - One of Venezuela s major opposition parties has decided to run in local elections next month despite a boycott by others, deepening a split in the Democratic Unity coalition to the glee of President Nicolas Maduro and his ruling Socialist Party. Three of the four main groupings in the coalition have vowed not to participate in the Dec. 10 balloting for 335 mayors and one governor because they believe the election system is rigged. But the fourth party, A New Time, based in oil-rich western Zulia state where the governorship is up for grabs, argues Maduro must still be fought at the ballot box to avoid simply handing him more political space.   Manuel Rosales, a former Zulia governor who fled to Peru in 2009 after corruption charges leveled by the government of Maduro s predecessor Hugo Chavez, said on Thursday he would be running again on behalf of A New Time.  I m not going to leave Zulianos alone,  Rosales told supporters. Rosales was jailed in 2015 on his return from exile. Authorities lifted a ban on him running for office just this week. His party s stance has infuriated many anti-Maduro activists. Another opposition leader won the Zulia governorship in elections last month but was prohibited from taking office for refusing to bow to a pro-Maduro legislative superbody.  He s a sellout,  said Juan Carlos Rivero, 34, at an auto repair shop in Zulia state capital Maracaibo. He had voted for Rosales in the past but did not plan to in December. Having failed to oust Maduro via street protests earlier this year - which left at least 125 people dead - and having then performed badly in the Oct. 15 gubernatorial vote, Venezuela s opposition is in its worst crisis of recent years. Though polls show it has majority support, and Venezuelans are angry at Maduro over an unprecedented economic crisis, the opposition has failed to capitalize. Maduro has been exulting in the opposition disarray, saying parties ordering members to abstain next month were behaving undemocratically even as they accuse him of being a  dictator.   When they lose elections, they cry fraud and when they know things are against them, instead of fighting, they withdraw,  Maduro said in a recent speech, adding that Venezuela s elections were clean. There is speculation the government may take advantage of opposition weakness by moving up the expected December 2018 date for Venezuela s next presidential election. Various opposition politicians, including twice-presidential candidate Henrique Capriles, remain banned from standing for office on various charges of corruption or plotting. And rights groups say there are nearly 400 political prisoners, including well-known protest leader Leopoldo Lopez. Authorities deny political persecution, saying all detentions of politicians are for breaking the law. In the latest threats against opposition leaders, Maduro said in a speech on Friday that congress head Julio Borges should be tried for treason after lobbying against his government abroad, including in financial circles. The pro-Maduro Supreme Court, meanwhile, said opposition leader Freddy Guevara - who runs the militant Popular Will party in the absence of its leader Lopez - should be prosecuted for  instigation  and using children in protests. Guevara, who is congress vice president, was prohibited from leaving the country. ",1
15737,"Austria's prospective ruling parties agree on budget discipline, cutbacks for migrants","VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s conservative People s Party and the far-right Freedom Party (FPO) said on Friday they had agreed on a commitment to the European Union and budget discipline as well as cuts in migrants  welfare benefits as basic policies for a new coalition government. People s Party leader Sebastian Kurz started coalition talks with the FPO last week after his party won a parliamentary election with 31.5 percent of the vote. Kurz s hard line on immigration and his decision to force a collapse of the current coalition with the Social Democrats, who came second, made the anti-immigration Freedom Party (FPO) a natural partner. Some European leaders have expressed concern about the likely return to power of the FPO, which first became a major force in the 1990s under the late Joerg Haider, who praised Hitler s employment policies. Austria s new government will focus on  actively shaping the Austrian EU Council presidency and a commitment to further develop the European Union according to the principle of subsidiarity , FPO chief Heinz-Christian Strache said at a news conference with Kurz in Vienna on Friday. Subsidiarity is the principle that power should be exercised at the lowest feasible level.  Austria will take on the rotating EU Council presidency for six months from next July.  Kurz has repeatedly said that any government must have a clear pro-European orientation. However, just like Strache, he wants the EU to slim down and focus mainly on core issues such as trade and securing external borders. Kurz and Strache said they had also agreed to reduce inefficiencies in state spending to be able to cut taxes and meet EU budget criteria. Finance Ministry projections last month forecast Austria s 2018 structural deficit at 1.1 percent of GDP, well above an EU limit of 0.5 percent.  We are jointly committed to ensuring sustainable financing as the basis of our work,  Kurz said. The goal was  not to spend more than is earned . Details will be negotiated between the parties, he said.   Both parties called in their election campaigns for tax cuts for low earners and for companies, and both promised not to introduce a wealth or inheritance tax. To achieve this, they plan to reduce welfare benefits for migrants and consider introducing a five-year residence qualification for citizens of other EU countries to be eligible for welfare payments in Austria.  Three of Austria s nine provinces have already cut benefits for new arrivals, saying the system was being overstretched by an influx of refugees. Austria took in asylum seekers equivalent to more than 1 percent of its population in 2015, most of them fleeing conflict in the Middle East. ",1
15738,Zimbabwe accuses American citizen of trying to overthrow government: lawyer,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwean police on Friday charged an American citizen with a new offence of plotting to overthrow a constitutionally elected government, her lawyer said. Martha O Donovan, who works for Magamba TV, which describes itself as Zimbabwe s leading producer of political satire, had earlier been charged over a tweet that appeared to insult President Robert Mugabe. In a statement to police, O Donovan denied the allegations against her as  baseless and malicious .  ",1
15739,Ousted Catalan president says stands ready to cooperate with Belgian authorities,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Ousted Catalan president Carles Puigdemont said he stood ready to cooperate with Belgian justice authorities, adding he believed Spanish authorities had become politicized.  I will not run from justice. I will go to the justice authorities, but the real justice authorities,  Puigdemont told Belgian state broadcaster RTBF in an interview aired on Friday.  I have told my lawyer to tell Belgian justice authorities that I am completely ready to cooperate,  he said. Puigdemont added that it was  very clear that the Spanish justice authorities had become politicized .   ",1
15740,Brother of Toulouse jihadist faces appeal against murder acquittal,"PARIS (Reuters) - The brother of a French Islamist who shot dead seven people in 2012 will face an appeal against his acquittal on charges of conspiracy to murder, Paris prosecutors said on Friday. Abdelkader Merah, the brother of Mohamed Merah, who was killed in a police raid on his Toulouse apartment soon after the attacks, was jailed for 20 years on Thursday for associating with terrorists, but cleared on the conspiracy charge. That verdict was criticized by relatives of the murder victims - three soldiers and four Jews, including three children - as well as prosecutors who allege that Abdelkader was more than just a religious mentor to his younger brother. France s special terrorism court found there was insufficient evidence that he had knowingly aided his brother s eight-day killing spree. Announcing their appeal, prosecutors said the court had failed to  draw the full legal conclusions of the evidence put before it . Such an appeal would typically take years to come to court, but judicial authorities are facing calls to fast-track the case, which is closely watched for the precedent it may set for other terrorism prosecutions.  This is a benchmark terrorism case, particularly for trials of accomplices in the absence of the main perpetrator,  said lawyer Simon Cohen, who represents families of Mohamed Merah s victims.  And there will be more of those.  ",1
15741,"Four foreigners working at power plant kidnapped in Libya, official says","BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - Four foreign engineers working for the Turkish construction firm Enka were kidnapped in southwest Libya on Friday, a Libyan state electricity official said. The men, who were Turkish and South African, were seized while traveling from the airport in the town of Ubari to a power plant they were helping to build, the official said, asking not to be named. There was no immediate indication who had abducted them. In a statement on its website, Enka referred to three Turkish citizens being kidnapped.  Around midday today in Libya three of our citizens, two of them our personnel who were temporarily working in the country, were kidnapped by unidentified people while they were traveling outside the building site,  the statement said.  Our company is following the subject closely, in contact with Turkish and Libyan authorities,  it added. Kidnapping is rife across Libya, which has been in turmoil since an uprising unseated autocratic leader Muammar Gaddafi in 2011. Work at the Ubari plant has been going on for years, disrupted periodically by tribal clashes or other security problems. ",1
15742,Nigeria's 'Delta Avengers' militants end oil hub ceasefire,"LAGOS (Reuters) - A Nigerian militant group whose attacks on energy facilities in the Niger Delta last year helped push Africa s biggest economy into recession said on Friday it had ended its ceasefire. The Niger Delta Avengers announced a halt to hostilities in August 2016, although they carried out attacks in October and November last year.  ""Niger Delta Avenger's ceasefire on Operation Red Economy is officially over,"" the group said on its website ( www.nigerdeltaavengers.org/ ).    Our next line of operation will not be like the 2016 campaign which we operated successfully without any casualties; this outing will be brutish, brutal and bloody,  it said in a section of its statement addressed to oil companies.  The move threatens Nigeria s fragile economic growth and poses a further security challenge for President Muhammadu Buhari, in addition to the jihadist Boko Haram insurgency in the northeast and rising secessionist sentiments in the southeast. The government has been in talks for more than a year to address grievances over poverty and oil pollution but local groups have complained that no progress has been made, despite Buhari receiving a list of demands at a meeting last November.  Buhari s office did not immediately comment.  The 2016 attacks cut oil production from a peak of 2.2 million barrels per day (mbpd) to near 1 mbpd, the lowest level in Africa s top oil producer for at least 30 years.  The attacks, combined with low oil prices, caused the OPEC member s first recession in 25 years. Crude sales make up two-thirds of government revenue and most of its foreign exchange. Nigeria came out of recession in the second quarter of this year, mostly due to the rise in oil production after attacks stopped and as prices strengthened. The Niger Delta Avengers, who say they want a greater share of Nigeria s energy wealth to go to the impoverished swampland region, said they decided to end the ceasefire because they had  lost faith  in local leaders.  We can assure you that every oil installation in our region will feel the warmth of the wrath of the Niger Delta Avengers,  it said. There have been no substantial attacks in the region since January.   Eric Omare, president of the Ijaw Youth Council, which represents the largest ethnic group in the Niger Delta, said the government had paid only  lip service  to communities  concerns.   The truth is that the federal government has not demonstrated any seriousness towards addressing the issues that led to the Niger Delta agitation,  Omare said, while adding that his group sought a  peaceful dialogue.  Nigeria s economy grew 0.55 percent year-on-year in the second quarter, largely on higher oil receipts. The World Bank cut its 2017 growth forecast in October to 1 percent from 1.2 percent as the oil production increase was lower than expected and non-oil sector growth was subdued. ",1
15743,Zambian president warns judges of chaos if they block his re-election,"LUSAKA (Reuters) - Zambian President Edgar Lungu has warned constitutional court judges not to stop him running for another term in office, state media reported, drawing a rebuke from a top legal body. Lungu told supporters on Thursday the judges could plunge the southern African country into chaos if they made any  adventurous  rulings, the Zambia Daily Mail and Times of Zambia reported. Allies of Lungu s Patriotic Front party have asked the Supreme Court to confirm that he will be eligible to stand again in presidential elections scheduled for 2021.  Opponents say that would break the constitution which bars leaders from standing for three terms. He argues his first period in office doesn t count as he took over after the death of the last leader without an election. Lungu told a political meeting in the northwestern town of Solwezi that he had information that the judges were thinking of barring him from standing again, the newspapers said.  To my colleagues in the Judiciary, I am just warning you because I have information that some of you want to be adventurous, your adventure should not plunge us into chaos please,  Lungu was quoted as saying. He said they should not follow the example of Kenya s Supreme Court, which annulled the result of a presidential vote in August. There was no immediate comment from Zambia s Supreme Court, which is due to meet to consider the election case on Nov. 16. The Law Association of Zambia asked Lungu on Friday to withdraw his warning saying it served  to undermine the authority of the judiciary and erode public confidence in the institution .  There was no immediate response from the presidency. Lungu invoked emergency powers on July 5 to deal with  acts of sabotage  by his political opponents. The state of emergency expired on Oct. 11. [L8N1JX3YC] ",1
15744,"A month on, U.S., Niger still disagree on what happened on fatal mission","NIAMEY/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A month after an Islamist ambush in Niger killed eight U.S. and Nigerien troops, the two sides  officials still cannot agree on the sequence of events leading to the incident or even, possibly more importantly, on the nature of the mission itself. Four soldiers from each nation were killed when a joint patrol was attacked on Oct. 4 by dozens of militants with machine guns and rocket-propelled grenades. The incident drew attention to the little-known U.S. military presence in Niger at a time when many Americans are weary of U.S. involvement in conflicts abroad and Nigeriens are chafing at the growing presence of foreign troops on their soil. The United States has 800 soldiers operating in the largely desert West African nation, more than France, which has 4,000 in the wider Sahel trying to tackle Islamist militancy. The main U.S. base in Africa is in Djibouti, which supports about 4,000 personnel. A Pentagon investigation into the incident, led by a two-star general from U.S. Africa Command, may take weeks. The Pentagon says it has not settled on any final version of events. Through interviews in Niger s capital Niamey and Washington, Reuters has tried to piece together the events of Oct. 3 to Oct. 6, when the last U.S. soldier s body was recovered. Accounts by Nigerien and American officials differ over the mission s objectives, and whether and how they may have changed.  The one consistent thread is that they appear to have been woefully unprepared for their enemy. U.S. and Niger officials agree that on Oct. 3, 12 U.S. Special Forces and 30 Nigeriens left Niamey and headed north to the Mali border. Twenty six similar patrols had taken place in the area in the past six months without enemy contact, the Pentagon said. After that, the stories of the two sides diverge.  It was an intelligence mission but also a mission of an operational nature,  Niger Interior Minister Mohamed Bazoum told Reuters in an interview.  It was in a zone that was considered safe, not enemy territory.  Specifically, the mission aimed to detain and question a suspected recruiter for Islamic State in the Greater Sahara, an Islamic State affiliate, according to a senior Nigerien security source with knowledge of the operation and two mid-level government sources, all of whom declined to be named.  The senior source said the mission was thought low enough risk that they had no armored vehicles or body armor. U.S. officials vehemently contradict this account.  The service members involved in this unfortunate incident were unequivocally not directed to do a  kill or capture mission . They were on a reconnaissance mission,  the Pentagon said in statement sent to Reuters on Thursday. It said it would provide more details once the investigation is complete. All three Nigerien sources said the target was a mid-ranking commander called Doundou Chefou who was recruiting disgruntled youths from the Fulani ethnic group along Niger-Mali border. Chefou commanded Islamic State fighters affiliated to the movement led by an Arabic-speaking north African called Adnan Abu Walid al-Sahrawi, the Nigerien sources said. According to the senior Nigerien security official, the team initially sought Chefou out near a remote border village on Oct. 3. They found a militant camp there but no fighters, he said. After that, Nigerien intelligence officials on the team received fresh orders from their headquarters to pursue him in the village of Tongo Tongo, so they stayed the night nearby, the official said. Three U.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that while it is true the team was given an additional task mid-mission, it was never in pursuit of a militant. The U.S. officials said their soldiers were asked to work with the Nigerien troops to be on standby to help a second U.S. military team whose mission was indeed to pursue a militant. That mission was called off, however. It is unclear when or why.  Did the mission change? That s one of the questions being asked. I can t tell you definitively the answer to that question,  General Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said last month. The U.S. officials said the first team was asked to gather intelligence on the militant. The Americans could do this under  U.S. military rules of engagement that allow American forces to accompany partner forces only when the chances of enemy contact are  unlikely.  Asked about the existence of a second mission, none of the Nigerien sources were aware of it. U.S. and Nigerien officials agree the team was ambushed after they met local leaders in Tongo Tongo on Oct. 4. One of the Nigerien government sources said the militants first came with just a few gunmen with AK47s on motorbikes to slow them down, and later brought out heavier 12.7mm machine guns, sniper rifles and rocket-propelled grenades. That might explain why the team took an hour to call for help - one of the issues that has most disturbed senior Pentagon officials - because the initial attack may have only involved light arms. A few minutes after the team called for air support, a surveillance drone appeared, providing a live feed, but it took another hour before French military aircraft arrived. They were unable to drop bombs because of how close the fighting was, diplomatic sources have said. One U.S. official said at least some of the four U.S. soldiers killed were then separated from the convoy. They included Sergeant La David T. Johnson, whose body was not recovered for two days. It is unclear why. It is unlikely the United States will back away from Niger because of its central location in the Sahel and because of the proliferation of militant groups around it, including Nigeria s Islamic State-linked Boko Haram and al-Qaeda affiliates. Several current and former U.S. officials with Africa experience said they expected U.S. military focus on the Sahel to grow, not decrease. Retired general Donald Bolduc, who led U.S. special operations in Africa until June, said the military should retain a small  footprint  in Africa but needed more intelligence and surveillance resources and medical and air support. While the most assets have gone to the Middle East and Afghanistan,  there needs to be ... a different perspective on how we allocate the resources between theaters,  he said. He expressed surprise at the idea that the unit which was ambushed had been redirected to focus on a militant leader. Senior militant leaders are normally well protected, Bolduc said, with rings of security guards and layers of militants who communicate with one another via radio.  I m as confused about it as you are,  he said.  That s not how it s done. ... The resources and planning didn t seem to be there for that kind of operation.  ",1
15745,Finland plans military drill with United States and Sweden,"HELSINKI (Reuters) - Finland is planning large-scale military drills with the United States and other allies, its defense minister said on Friday, in a region worried by Russia s increasing military activity. Jussi Niinisto said the exercises would help troops prepare for a crisis, without mentioning a specific threat. The war games will not take place until 2020 at the earliest and will be similar to neighboring Sweden s  Aurora  drill that involved 19,000 troops in September, he added.  The exercise is planned to broadly gather conscripts, reservists and soldiers to practice ... together with our main partners like Sweden, the United States and other countries,  Niinisto told broadcaster MTV.  If there s a crisis, it will be good for us to practice receiving help.  Tensions have been rising in the region since Russia s 2014 annexation of Ukraine s Crimea peninsula. Finland, which borders Russia, has forged closer ties with NATO in recent years, though most Finns oppose actually joining the alliance. In September, Russia held its own  Zapad  war games in Belarus, the Baltic Sea, western Russia and its Kaliningrad outpost. ",1
15746,EU calls on Malta to find journalist's 'barbarous' killers,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union vowed to ensure that Malta finds the  barbarous  assassins of a journalist being buried there on Friday and to resolve  potential structural problems  with the rule of law on the island. Reflecting concern in Europe over possible systemic failings in Maltese democracy, European Commission First Vice President Frans Timmermans called on the EU s smallest state to leave  no stone unturned  in hunting the killers of investigative blogger Daphne Caruana Galizia, who died in a car bombing last month.  The eyes of Europe are on the Maltese authorities,  wrote Timmermans, a former Dutch foreign minister who as Jean-Claude Juncker s deputy oversees the Brussels executive s efforts to ensure member states respect democratic and judicial standards.  If journalists are silenced, so is democracy,  he said in a reply, seen by Reuters, to a letter from European media editors urging the EU to ensure justice for Caruana Galizia.  We want those directly and indirectly responsible for this horrible murder to be brought to justice. And we want the investigations to run their full course, so that any other related wrongdoings that may emerge can also be prosecuted and potential structural problems be resolved,  he added. Caruana Galizia was a controversial figure who accused many of the most senior figures in both government and opposition of corruption and involvement in international money-laundering.  We insist that the Maltese authorities leave no stone unturned to make sure that this atrocious, barbarous assassination does not lead to the situation that the perpetrators apparently want to achieve: that no-one dares ask pertinent questions and no journalist dares investigate the powers that be,  he added.  This will not happen in Europe. Not on this Commission s watch.  The Commission said in a separate statement that Juncker condemned such attacks in the strongest possible terms.  The right of a journalist to investigate, ask uncomfortable questions and report effectively, is at the heart of our values and needs to be guaranteed at all times,  the statement said.    Prime Minister Joseph Muscat, who is himself suing Caruana Galizia s son for libel over allegations of corruption, says everything will be done to find her killers.  His government has offered a one million-euro reward and protection for anyone providing information to identify them. The Commission has limited powers to intervene directly in member states. It has applied largely moral pressure on Hungary and Poland to reverse proposed laws that it sees as breaching EU treaties by curbing judicial, media or other freedoms.      It has warned that it could seek to suspend Poland, but this would require support from all member states - something the Commission sees as difficult to obtain. The Commission does have powers to fine states for breaches of EU legislation. European Parliament President Antonio Tajani said in a statement he would attend the funeral in Malta at the invitation of Caruana Galizia s family. ",1
15747,Funeral of slain Malta blogger hears warning to her killers,"VALLETTA (Reuters) - Thousands of mourners at a funeral on Friday for slain Maltese anti-corruption blogger Daphne Caruana Galizia heard a plea for the protection of journalistic freedoms and a warning to her unknown killers that they face  the justice of God.  The island s president, prime minister and opposition leader, all targeted in Caruana Galizia s writing, stayed away from the private ceremony, but European Parliament President Antonio Tajani attended as a guest of the family.  The island observed a day of mourning and flags flew at half mast in Brussels during the funeral at Malta s biggest church, near the capital Valletta and two miles from the site where the 53-year-old was killed by a car bomb as she left her home on Oct. 16.  Archbishop Charles Scicluna, who led the funeral mass, addressed the unknown killers, saying,  However hard you try to evade the justice of men, you will never escape from the justice of God. Repent before it is too late.  He then told journalists not to be afraid.   I encourage you never to grow weary in your mission to be the eyes, the ears, and the mouth of the people ... We need people in your profession who are unshackled, who are free, intelligent, inquisitive, honest, serene, safe and protected.  Reflecting concern in neighboring countries about possible failings in democracy and the rule of law in Malta, the European Union vowed earlier on Friday to make sure its smallest state found the  barbarous  killers.  Tajani was also due to visit the offices of a newspaper for which she worked as a contributor, and Caruana Galizia s family was invited to a sitting in parliament to commemorate her.  The island s government is offering a one million-euro ($1.16 million) reward for information about the culprits and has asked the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) to help. But the Caruana Galizia family refused to endorse the reward, called for the resignation of the prime minister, the police commissioner and the attorney general, and insisted there could be no justice without institutional change.  Their calls have been echoed by opposition leader Adrian Delia, who said the police commissioner and attorney general s failure to act when Caruana Galizia revealed corruption created the circumstances leading to the assassination. Mourners applauded, made  V  for victory signs and sung the national anthem as the coffin was carried to a hearse. Some chanted  Justice .  Caruana Galizia s husband and three adult sons stood solemnly, occasionally hugged by mourners. Malta s chief justice and former prime ministers Lawrence Gonzi and Eddie Fenech Adami also attended. A household name in Malta, Caruana Galizia was well-known for stirring up passions and dividing opinion. Her murder shocked the tiny country and was condemned by all political parties, but controversy continued on the day of her burial. Maltese news websites reported several critical Facebook posts including one referring to a demonstration outside police headquarters planned by a group of NGOs which is demanding the commissioner s resignation.   You d have to wonder why you never get a truck mowing people down here in Malta. Who knows? Maybe that will happen at Sunday s protest. I d love to see them crushed in the middle of the road,  one read. ($1 = 0.8607 euros) ",1
15748,U.S. official met Syrian security chief in Damascus: official report,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A senior U.S. official met Syria s national security chief in Damascus this week in the highest ranking visit to Syria by a U.S. official since the start of the war in 2011, a senior regional official close to Damascus told Reuters on Friday. The Lebanese newspaper al-Akhbar first reported the visit earlier on Friday, saying that the U.S. official discussed security matters including Americans missing in Syria. Among them are operatives of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). The regional official did not name the U.S. official who met Ali Mamlouk, Syria s national security chief.  It is an important step, but Damascus does not have confidence in the American position,  the regional official said. The U.S. official traveled to Damascus via Lebanon. The United States has supported the opposition to President Bashar al-Assad during the Syrian war. It has provided anti-Assad rebels with weapons via a CIA-run military aid program that President Donald Trump ordered shut down earlier this year. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson last week reiterated the U.S. position that Assad should leave power, saying the  reign of the Assad family is coming to an end  and  the only issue is how that should be brought about . With military backing from Russia and Iran, Assad has recovered control of swathes of lost Syrian territory over the last two years and appears militarily unassailable.  U.S. forces have been fighting in Syria as part of the  coalition against Islamic State, helping Kurdish-led militias capture Raqqa and other parts of northern and eastern Syria. During the meeting, Mamlouk protested to the U.S. official that U.S. forces  are on Syrian land and this is considered occupation , the regional official said. The U.S. official responded that  our presence is advisory and we are fighting Daesh , the regional official added, using an Arabic acronym for Islamic State. Syrian government officials could not immediately be reached for comment. ",1
15749,Kenya opposition supporters urged to boycott three companies,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s opposition coalition has asked supporters to boycott three big companies it says benefit from ties to the government of President Uhuru Kenyatta, who won last week s repeat election after an opposition boycott.  Wearing hats embroidered  RESISTANCE , and speaking against a backdrop showing a clenched fist, members of parliament gave their supporters a week s notice to stop using products from telecoms giant Safaricom, dairy products from Brookside and Bidco cooking oils.   We are calling for a boycott that will be painful, a boycott that will bring these companies to their knees until they stand for electoral justice,  said Nakara Lodep, Turkana central lawmaker.  Opposition leader Raila Odinga has called for a  National Resistance Movement  to protest the outcome of the repeat election, which was ordered by the Supreme Court after it annulled the results of an August poll over procedural irregularities.  President Uhuru Kenyatta won a second, five-year term with 98 percent of the vote after Odinga boycotted the contest. Only 39 percent of registered voters took part.  Lawmakers said Safaricom was targeted because it had helped transmit election results. Brookside Dairy is partly owned by Kenyatta s family and partly by French dairy giant Danone.   A spokesman for Safaricom said the company had no immediate comment. Brookside and Bidco did not return messages seeking comment.  Odinga has until Monday to file a Supreme Court case seeking to overturn the election. If there are no outstanding legal proceedings, Kenyatta will be inaugurated on Nov. 14.  ",1
15750,After year of mourning Thailand's 'floating basket' festival returns,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - People in Thailand celebrated the Loy Krathong or  floating basket  festival on Friday, following a year of mourning for late King Bhumibol Adulyadej that saw many celebrations muted or canceled. The mourning ended on Monday after a five-day funeral last week, and many citizens have returned to wearing colored garments after having stuck to black for a year.  Participants in the festival pay respects to the water spirits, floating small, traditionally-hand crafted rafts carrying flowers, bamboo and candles on waterways in an ancient ritual. The rafts are also thought to carry away bad luck and usher in good fortune during the festival, which is celebrated all over Thailand, but is particularly spectacular in the north. Festivities will stay in a low key this year, out of respect for the late monarch, however, authorities in the capital said.   We will not have excessive celebrations but will focus more on showcasing Thai culture,  Chalermpon Chotinuchit, of the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration (BMA), told Reuters. The BMA urged celebrants to use rafts made from natural materials this year, after environment groups flagged concerns about non-biodegradable components clogging rivers and drains. Festival participants also struck a somber note.   It will be a sadder period this Loy Krathong because everyone loves the late King Rama IX,  said 23-year-old Nanthicha Sorndee. Safety concerns have prompted national carrier Thai Airways International to cancel some roundtrip flights between Bangkok and Chiang Mai on Friday and Saturday, it said in a statement, without elaborating.  The northern Thai city celebrates Loy Krathong alongside Yi Peng, a festival in which brightly lit lanterns are wafted into the sky. ",1
15751,Israeli military says ready to protect Druze village in Syria,"JERUSALEM/BEIRUT (Reuters) - Israel s military said on Friday it was ready to protect a frontier village in Syria held by the Syrian government, where Damascus said jihadist rebels exploded a car killing at least nine people.  The statement was an unusually explicit Israeli pledge to intervene in the war in Syria, where Israeli officials are voicing deeper alarm at the role of Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah, which are fighting alongside the Syrian government.  The Israeli air force says it has struck arms convoys of the Syrian military and Hezbollah nearly 100 times in recent years. Its most recent strike was on Wednesday according to the Syrian government. Quneitra province in Syria, where Hader village is located, is particularly sensitive for Israel because it lies next to the Golan Heights area that Israel captured from Syria in 1967.  Syrian rebel factions launched an attack on Syrian government territory in Quneitra on Friday, with the aim of connecting two insurgent-held areas. The attack included the car bomb in Hader, which Syrian state media attributed to the jihadist group formerly known as the Nusra Front.  A military media unit run by Hezbollah said the insurgents attacked from three directions and made no gains after heavy fighting during the day. It accused Israel of firing a surface-to-surface missile at a Syrian army position in the area.  Syrian state media accused Israel of giving various kinds of support to the Nusra Front. In its statement, the Israeli military denied any involvement with jihadist groups in the fighting.   The village of Hader is populated by members of the Druze, a minority religious sect present in Syria, Israel, the Palestinian Territories and Lebanon.  Israel s Druze, some of whom have reached the senior echelons of the Israeli military and government, have been calling for help on behalf of their brethren in Syria, both at home and abroad. The flashpoint village of Hader has been of particular concern. After Friday s car bomb there, Syrian state television broadcast footage it said was of residents of the Israeli-controlled Golan Heights trying to cross the border to help people in Hader.  Druze residents tried to cross into Syria, but were held back by Israeli soldiers, Israel s military said on Twitter.  The IDF (Israel Defense Forces) is prepared and ready to assist the residents of the village and prevent damage to or the capture of the village Hader out of commitment to the Druze population,  the military said in a statement. Israeli officials have previously said they were looking at the possibility of assisting Hader, whose residents have Druze kinsman lobbying on their behalf in Israel. ",1
15752,"UK's May sets out rules for her party on harassment, bullying","LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minster Theresa May published on Friday a code of conduct for all her lawmakers and party officials to follow, the latest step in her response to growing allegations of improper conduct in parliament. Britain s parliament is the latest institution to become embroiled in a sex scandal after abuse allegations against Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein prompted thousands of women and men to share stories about improper behavior. On Wednesday, defense minister Michael Fallon resigned saying his past conduct had fallen below the required standard, costing May a trusted ally in a fragile minority government and underlining her political vulnerability to further allegations. On Friday, she set out the code of conduct on the Conservative Party website, detailing standards expected of elected and appointed party members, the procedure for breaches of those standards and the party s definitions of discrimination, harassment, sexual harassment and bullying.  This code sets out for the first time in one place the procedure which the party uses in dealing with complaints, along with a number of additional measures which we have introduced in light of recent allegations,  May said in a letter to the speaker of parliament s lower chamber.    In the letter, May said parliament also needed to take more responsibility for protecting workers within the system, repeating her call for a common, transparent and independent grievance procedure for all at Westminster. May said she would meet other party leaders on Monday to discuss a separate proposal for a non-political way to handle complaints in parliament. ",1
15753,Scores of migrants rescued in Cyprus after boat runs aground,"NICOSIA (Reuters) - Around 175 migrants, including many women and children, were rescued off Cyprus on Friday after their boat ran aground, police said. The vessel was tracked sailing off Cyprus s north-west coast. Authorities said those on board were being escorted to a nearby harbor. The nationality of the migrants and their port of departure were not immediately clear. In September, more than 300 Syrian refugees arrived in the same area, a patchwork of jurisdictions that borders on the ceasefire line splitting Cyprus between Greek and Turkish Cypriots, with a United Nations  buffer zone  in the middle. The waves of migrants fleeing neighboring Syria have largely skirted the island, but there has been an increase in landings in recent months. Earlier on Friday, the International Organisation for Migration (IOM) said 850 people had made illicit landings in Cyprus so far this year, compared with 345 in 2016.     ",1
15754,South African state agency wants Zuma book pulled from stores,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s NB Publishers said on Friday it had received a letter from the State Security Agency (SSA) ordering it to pull a new book on President Jacob Zuma off the shelves as it contravened the Intelligence Service Act. The publishers said they stood by  The President s Keepers - Those keeping Zuma in power and out of prison , and its lawyers would respond to the letter sent by the SSA. The book by journalist Jacques Pauw alleges millions of dollars in taxpayers  money flowed into the bank accounts of spies and Zuma s government and details the actions of law-enforcement agencies. It alleges Zuma failed to submit tax returns for the first five years of his presidency. The president s office has issued a statement rejecting the accusations contained in the book, adding that Zuma had declared all income received to tax authorities.  The SSA warns NB Publishers in a letter seen by Reuters that it will launch criminal charges if the book is not withdrawn.   Noting your admission that you did not seek the views of the people apparently implicated, it is not surprising that this book is replete with inaccuracies,  the SSA said in the letter sent to NB Publishers by its lawyers Kgoroeadira Mudau Inc. The letter said the book contained elements in contravention of the country s Intelligence Service Act. No SSA spokesperson was available for further comment. A spokeswoman for NB publishers said its lawyers were handling the matter.  We have received the letter but have not pulled the book yet because our attorneys have been given time to respond,  Jean Pieters, NB Publisher s spokeswoman said. ",1
15755,Prosecutor at war crimes court to seek investigation into Afghan conflict,"THE HAGUE (Reuters) - The prosecutor of the International Criminal Court on Friday said she would seek approval to open a formal investigation into allegations of war crimes in Afghanistan, in a case that could examine the role of U.S. forces abroad. Fatou Bensouda said in a statement that there is a  reasonable basis to believe  war crimes and crimes against humanity were committed and that all sides in the conflict would be examined. The prosecutor will focus on crimes allegedly committed since May 2003 on the territory of Afghanistan, and war crimes closely linked to the situation in Afghanistan allegedly committed since July 2002 on the territory of other states. The prosecutor on Friday did not mention any specific parties to be investigated. In a report last year, ICC prosecutors identified  potential cases  among three groups of alleged perpetrators: the Taliban and its affiliates, the Afghan authorities and members of the U.S. armed forces and Central Intelligence Agency. There were preliminary grounds to believe U.S. forces committed war crimes in Afghanistan and at CIA detention facilities elsewhere in 2003 and 2004, it said. The alleged atrocities took place in all 34 of Afghanistan s provinces, with a smaller number of crimes alleged in Poland, Lithuania and Romania, where suspected members of the Taliban or Al Qaeda were held for questioning. If authorized by the court s judges, prosecutors will investigate  in an independent, impartial and objective way, crimes within the court s jurisdiction allegedly committed by any party to the armed conflict.   The ultimate focus will be upon those most responsible for the most serious crimes,  she said in the statement. The ICC was established in 2002 as the world s permanent court for prosecuting the most serious war crimes, including genocide. It has the backing of the European Union and dozens of nations, but several of the world s most powerful countries - notably the United States, Russia and China - never joined. Former U.S. administrations first opposed the court s establishment, citing fears that American service members would be targeted by politically-motivated prosecutions, but later backed ad hoc investigations. A court of last resort, the ICC only steps in when a country s government is found to be unwilling or unable to do so. ICC jurisdiction is limited to crimes committed on the territory of member states, or in cases referred to it by the U.N. Security Council, as happened with Sudan over alleged genocide in Darfur in 2005. However, crimes committed on the soil of member states by soldiers of countries who are not members also fall under the court s jurisdiction under international law. If a state can show it has investigated and prosecuted the same crimes the ICC is looking into, it could avoid any case ending up in The Hague. In a 2016 report on the preliminary examination of alleged crimes in Afghanistan, the prosecutor noted that while the U.S. Dept. of Justice has looked into allegations of ill treatment of CIA detainees in 2009-2011, the scope of the probe was limited and two cases did not result in a prosecution. ",1
15756,Death of youth leader stirs tensions in Ivory Coast cocoa belt,"ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Protesters clashed with police in western Ivory Coast s cocoa belt on Friday after the death of a youth leader, raising the prospect of more disruptions to the harvest. Nearly 7,000 people have fled illegal plantations and 10 have died in the past month because of land disputes between native groups and migrants from other parts of Ivory Coast and neighboring countries. Ethnically charged conflicts over land in Ivory Coast s fertile west were at the heart of a decade of turmoil that culminated in a brief civil war in 2010-11 that killed more than 3,000 people. Members of the We alliance from the Guere, Yacouba and Wobe ethnic groups have in recent weeks entered the Cavally and Gouin-Debe reserves and threatened ethnic Baoules and migrants from Burkina Faso farming there, hurting cocoa deliveries. Violence flared after well-known We youth leader Modeste Nenonhon was shot dead on Thursday in the village of Beoua, the Red Cross and a government spokesman told Reuters.  The house of a local prefect was ransacked by protesters in the town of Guiglo, where many of the farmers have fled, said government spokesman Bruno Kone, adding that an inquiry into the violence and the death were underway.      It was not clear who was responsible for the shooting, but thousands of We demonstrators again took to the streets in the towns of Blolequin and Guiglo on Friday. In Guiglo, police fired tear gas to disperse protesters.   There is a big march to Blolequin and another one also to Guiglo,  said Franck Gaba, an official with the Ivorian Red Cross.  Last night, a vehicle was set on fire in the court where Baoule displaced people are set up.  Baoule and Burkinabe farmers in the region were on edge, fearing retaliatory attacks after the youth leader s death.  We are afraid for our safety in the villages here because ... the youth of the alliance will seek revenge,  said Felix Kouadio, who cultivates seven hectares of cocoa in the Gouin-Debe reserve. The volume of cocoa beans from the area has already dropped in recent weeks as farmers flee. Continuing tensions could impact more deliveries just as the cocoa harvest picks up pace this month.  The Ivorian Parks and Reserves Office (OIPR) estimates that up to 40 percent of Ivorian cocoa production comes from illegal plantations like the ones impacted by the violence. ",1
15757,Israel's Netanyahu expresses hope for U.S. peace push in Middle East,"LONDON (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Friday he hoped a U.S. peace initiative would work and praised President Donald Trump for taking a fresh approach to bringing the Israelis and Palestinians back to negotiations. For at least two decades, the goal of U.S.-led diplomacy has been a  two-state solution , meaning an independent Palestinian state living side-by-side and at peace with Israel.  But neither Trump nor his aides have publicly recommitted to a two-state solution, instead saying it is up to the two parties to work out in peace talks. Asked during a visit to London to commemorate the 1917 British declaration of support for a Jewish homeland if he felt now was the moment for peace in the region, noting Trump s involvement in peace efforts, he said:  Hope so.    What s being discussed now is an American initiative. Obviously we make our interests and our concerns known to Mr Trump. He s coming with a sort of refreshing  can-do  thing... they re trying to think out of the box,  Netanyahu said at London s Chatham House think-tank. Netanyahu has previously expressed doubts about the Trump initiative, telling France s President Emmanuel Macron in July that it would be difficult to move forward quickly because he felt Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas may not be able to deliver on commitments he had made. But he said that more countries in the region were now beginning to engage constructively with Israel.  The reason I draw hope from the moment is because of the larger shift in Arab-Israeli relations with the countries of the region. I cannot emphasize how dramatic that is,  he said.  The Palestinians seek to establish an independent state in the Israeli occupied West Bank, territory captured in the 1967 Middle East war and the Gaza Strip, with East Jerusalem as its capital. Most Israelis want all of Jerusalem as their capital and reject a full return to 1967 borderlines as a threat to their security.  ",1
15758,Kosovo calls for inquiry after citizens jailed in Macedonia,"PRISTINA (Reuters) - Kosovo s prime minister called on Friday for an international investigation after some of his countrymen were convicted of taking part in a gun battle with Macedonian police. The men were part of a group of ethnic Albanians jailed in neighboring Macedonia on Thursday, some of them for life, on charges of plotting attacks and clashing with the police in a 2015 shootout. Crowds took to the streets of Kosovo s capital after the sentencing, accusing the Macedonian authorities of staging the attack. Protesters in the eastern Kosovan town of Gjilan burned the Macedonian flag.  Kosovan media and officials have regularly said the accused Albanians were innocent and the victims of a plot by Macedonia s former nationalist government - an allegation dismissed by Skopje.  Justice must be done,  Kosovo Prime Minister Ramush Haradinaj said in a statement.  An international investigation would help find the truth which we are all demanding.  He did not say who or what should carry out the inquiry. Kosovo s foreign minister, Behgjet Pacolli, said he had called his ambassador in Skopje for consultations and asked for a  clarification  from the Macedonian ambassador in Pristina, without going into further details. Most of the defendants in Thursday s hearing were from neighboring Kosovo, while others were from Macedonia s own Albanian minority. They all denied the charges.     The 2015 shootout occurred during a police raid that followed an attack by armed men on a border post. Some of them were former guerrillas from the National Liberation Army (NLA), an ethnic Albanian militia that had fought an insurgency in 2001 in which scores of people were killed. Macedonia, a small ex-Yugoslav republic of about two million people, declared independence in 1991 and mostly avoided the violence that accompanied the break up of Yugoslavia in the 1990s, until the clashes with ethnic Albanian fighters in 2001. Albanians are believed to make up around 30 percent of Macedonia s population, living mostly in the northwest near the borders with Kosovo and Albania. ",1
15759,Taiwan president visits U.S. territory of Guam despite Chinese ire,"HAGATNA, Guam (Reuters) - Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen arrived on the U.S. Pacific island of Guam on Friday on her way back from visiting diplomatic allies in the Pacific - a trip that caused strong objections from China, which claims Taiwan as its own. Beijing had urged the United States not to allow Tsai to transit its territory on her trip, which included two days in Hawaii before she headed on to Tuvalu, the Solomon Islands and the Marshall Islands. The timing is particularly touchy as U.S. President Donald Trump is due in Beijing next week. China regards self-ruled and democratic Taiwan as its sovereign territory and regularly calls it the most sensitive and important issue between it and the United States, strongly objecting to transit stops by Taiwanese presidents. While the office of Guam Governor Edward B. Calvo described Tsai s visit as  private and unofficial , she was provided with a police escort upon her arrival.  Speaking at a banquet, Tsai said that  Taiwan and Guam share a unique friendship.  She described Guam as the  closest part of the United States  to Taiwan, adding:  The people of Taiwan are grateful for your support.  James F. Moriarty, chairman of the American Institute in Taiwan, the U.S. mission in Taiwan, said Hawaii, Guam and Taiwan were bound together not only by the Pacific Ocean but also by  an expectation of democracy.   Guam is home to a large U.S. military base and would be key to any U.S. assistance to Taiwan in the event of a conflict with China. Beijing has never renounced the possible use of force to bring the island under its control. Relations between Beijing and Taipei have nosedived since Tsai was elected last year; China believes she wants formal independence for Taiwan, a red line for Beijing. For her part, Tsai says she wants to maintain peace with China but will defend Taiwan s democracy and security. The U.S. State Department had said Tsai s transits through U.S. soil would be  private and unofficial  and based on long-standing U.S. practice consistent with  our unofficial relations with Taiwan . Last December, Trump angered Beijing by taking a telephone call from Tsai shortly after winning the presidential election. Tsai has been in the United States twice this year. In January, she stopped over in Houston and San Francisco on her way to and from Latin America. ",1
15760,"Russia hits Islamic State with bomb raids, missile strikes in eastern Syria: RIA","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia has carried out 18 bombing raids and nine strikes with cruise missiles launched from submarines in the last three days targeting Islamic State militants in eastern Syria, RIA news agency cited the Russian Defense Ministry as saying on Friday. The ministry said the strikes had helped to support attack raids by Syrian troops, RIA reported. ",1
15761,Trump says to spend extra day in Philippines during Asia trip,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Friday he would spend an extra day in the Philippines during his trip to Asia, which the White House confirmed would be to attend the East Asia Summit taking place there.  We re actually staying an extra day in the Philippines. We have a big conference, the second conference, and I think we re going to have great success,  Trump told reporters at the White House before leaving for his trip. ",1
15762,Jailed Catalonia leader Santi Vila to leave jail after paying bail,"MADRID (Reuters) - Jailed Catalonia leader Santi Vila, among the nine Catalan leaders ordered to be held in custody on Thursday pending a potential trial over the region s independence drive, was free to leave jail after paying bail, a court document showed. Vila, who stepped down from the Catalan cabinet before a unilateral declaration of independence last Friday and has since been pushing for a negotiated solution with the government, was granted bail of 50,000 euros ($58,300) on Thursday. ",1
15763,New al Qaeda-linked group claims responsibility for major Egypt attack,"CAIRO (Reuters) - A previously unknown militant group with links to al Qaeda claimed responsibility on Friday for an attack in Egypt s Western Desert that killed at least 16 policemen two weeks ago, announcing the start of a holy war against the Egyptian state. The new group, Ansar al-Islam, gave no evidence for its claim of responsibility for the Oct. 21 attack but said Abu Hatem Emad al-Din Abd al-Hamid, a fighter suspected by the authorities of involvement, was one of its leaders. He was killed this week in an air strike.  We have started our jihad with the battle of the Lion s Den in the Bahariya Oasis area on the borders of Cairo and were victorious against the enemy s campaign,  the statement said. Two security sources and a forensic doctor said DNA analysis of bodies of militants killed in the air raid showed Abd al-Hamid was among them.  The security sources said he was the deputy of Hesham al-Ashmawy, a former Egyptian military officer turned jihadist who has operated out of the city of Derna across the border in Libya and is blamed for past attacks. The two men graduated from Egypt s military academy the same year and were both fired from the army for adopting radical Islamist beliefs. Ashmawy is known for being loyal to al Qaeda, which means that if Ansar al-Islam s claim of responsibility is verified it could herald the emergence of a new Egyptian cell of the network founded by Osama bin Laden. In recent years most attacks on security forces in Egypt have been blamed on fighters claiming allegiance to the Islamic State group. Ashmawy is believed to have switched allegiance from Islamic State to al Qaeda, which operates more on a system of linked cells rather than a formal hierarchy.  We have information that Ashmawy and Abd al-Hamid broke away from (Islamic State) after a third colleague of theirs was killed and also for doctrinal issues,  said one officer with Egypt s Homeland Security agency on condition of anonymity. Three security sources said at the time of the Oct. 21 attack that at least 52 police officers and conscripts had been killed when their patrol was struck by militants. The interior ministry denied that figure the next day, saying 16 policemen had been killed. The attack was the latest to plague Egypt s security forces who face an Islamic State insurgency mostly focused in the Sinai Peninsula but which has expanded to mainland Egypt. Other militant groups are active in Cairo and other cities. President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi appointed a new military chief of staff after the militants struck. The Interior Ministry dismissed several high-ranking officials. Security forces responded with two raids in the span of a week, killing dozens of militants and freeing a police officer who was taken hostage during the attack. Ansar al-Islam said it used rocket-propelled grenades in the attack but provided no estimate for how many people were killed. It said the Egyptian air force struck 11 days later, killing several members including Abd al-Hamid. Security sources say Ashmawy has carried out some of the most high-profile attacks in Egypt, including the attempted assassination of a former Interior Minister in 2013 and the killing in 2015 of Egypt s top public prosecutor in a car bomb. Ashmawy moved in 2014 to Derna, a hotbed of Libyan Islamist radicalism near the border with Egypt, where he runs an al-Qaeda cell, security sources say. Derna has been hit in air strikes by both the eastern-based Libyan National Army and its ally Egypt. Both denied carrying out air strikes on Derna on Monday which killed at 1east 15 people, however. Ansar al-Islam s statement was carried by groups with al-Qaeda links, including Guardians of Sharia, whose social media feeds carry statements from al-Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri. ",1
15764,"U.N. tells Australia to restore food, water supplies to PNG refugees","GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations human rights office called on Australia on Friday to restore food, water and health services to about 600 interned refugees and asylum seekers in Papua New Guinea, which Canberra cut off three days ago. The detainees in the Manus Island Centre have defied attempts by the governments of both Australia and PNG to close the camp, saying they fear violent reprisals from the local community if they are moved to other  transit centers .  We call on the Australian government ... who interned the men in the first place to immediately provide protection, food, water and other basic services,  U.N. rights spokesman Rupert Colville told a news briefing. Australia has an obligation to do so under international human rights law and the 1951 U.N. Refugee Convention, he said. There was no immediate comment from Australia or its representatives in Geneva. Its government has said the camp had been ruled illegal by PNG authorities and it had committed to supply other sites for 12 months. Colville joined the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) in warning of an  unfolding humanitarian emergency  in the center where asylum seekers began digging wells on Thursday to try to find water as their food supplies dwindled. The remote Manus Island center has been a key part of Australia s disputed immigration policy under which it refuses to allow asylum seekers arriving by boat to reach its shores, detaining them instead in PNG and Naura in the South Pacific.       We repeat our overall concerns about Australian offshore processing centers which are unsustainable, inhumane and contradictory to its human rights obligations,  Colville said. Around 500 of the men have still not had their asylum claims  processed, he said.  And obviously the sooner the better, some of them have been there I think for four years,  Colville said.  So that s a very long time to sit in effectively a detention center disguised as a regional processing center without your case being processed.  The alternative accommodation being proposed is not finished or adequate to meet their needs, including security, he said.  We have conveyed to the Australian government and to the local government of Papua New Guinea as well that until the time the accommodation is ready, refugees should not be moved there,  UNHCR spokesman Babar Baloch said.  But also we have urged Australia and PNG to de-escalate the situation, resume basic services - water, electricity, medical services as well,  he said. The last food distribution was on Sunday, he said.  Australia s policy of deterrence by rescuing people at sea, mistreating them and abandoning them has become a notion of cruelty,  Baloch said.  ",1
15765,"After four months jail, Turkey's Amnesty director says trial is 'surreal'","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Amnesty International s Turkey director, freed from four months detention but still facing trial on terrorism charges, said the case against her and other human rights activists was  absurd and surreal . Idil Eser was one of eight activists freed last week on bail, in a case which has become a flashpoint in Turkey s tense relations with Europe. Their trial has brought condemnation from rights groups and some Western governments concerned by what they see as creeping authoritarianism in the NATO member state. The activists were detained by police in July as they attended a workshop on digital security and information management on an island near Istanbul.   The charge against them, of aiding a terrorist organization, is similar to those leveled against tens of thousands of Turks detained since a failed military coup by rogue soldiers in July 2016, in which at least 240 people were killed.  I cannot even find words to describe the absurdity, the surreality of the situation. It s total nonsense,  Eser said when asked about the charges. She was speaking to Reuters in her first interview since being released. Turkey rejects foreign criticism of the trials and says its judiciary operates independently of the government.  Turkey is a state of law and our judges are independent and impartial,  Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdag told reporters earlier this week when asked about the case. At the time of the activists  detention, President Tayyip Erdogan said the eight had gathered on the island for a meeting  that might be considered as a follow-up  to last year s failed coup, which he has cast as part of a foreign-backed plot. Erdogan was quoted by several Turkish newspapers on Thursday as telling reporters on his plane that the judiciary was acting independently in the case.  We cannot know how the court will rule in the end,  the Hurriyet newspaper quoted him as saying. The indictment also brought charges against Swedish national Ali Gharavi and Peter Steudtner, a German, prompting an angry response from Berlin, which threatened to put curbs on economic investment in Turkey and said it was reviewing arms projects. The day after their release last week, Steudtner and Gharavi left Turkey, but the trial continues on Nov. 22. Prosecutors have sought jail sentences of up to 15 years for all of the defendants. Steudtner and Gharavi told the court during the trial that they were shocked by the allegations against them. They could not immediately be reached for further comment. Authorities have jailed more than 50,000 people pending trial in a crackdown following the abortive coup. Erdogan says the purges across society are necessary to maintain stability in Turkey, a NATO member state bordering Iran, Iraq and Syria. European allies fear he is using the investigations to check opposition and undermine the judiciary. Eser said her time in jail had marked a turning point in her life. Less than a week after her release, the 54-year-old made an appointment at a tattoo parlor in central Istanbul.  With other defendants, we had decided to go to a Turkish bath when we got out, and the other decision was to get a tattoo,  she said.  So I started right away.   ",1
15766,"Putin, Trump may meet next week at APEC summit","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump may meet next week at an Asian economic summit amid strains over sanctions against Moscow, the Syria conflict and the investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign. The Kremlin on Friday said talks were under way to set up an encounter at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Danang, Vietnam, from Nov. 8-10. Trump told Fox News in an interview late on Thursday that it was possible he would meet with Putin during the trip.  We may have a meeting with Putin,  he said.  And, again   Putin is very important because they can help us with North Korea. They can help us with Syria. We have to talk about Ukraine.  Representatives for the White House did not immediately reply to a request for comment on Friday.   It (the meeting) is indeed being discussed,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters.  It s hard to overestimate the importance and significance for all international matters of any contact between the presidents of Russia and the United States.  Putin and Trump first met at a G20 summit in Hamburg in July when they discussed allegations of Russian meddling in the U.S. election last year but agreed to focus on better ties rather than litigating the past. But relations between Moscow and Washington have soured further since then. Trump in August grudgingly signed off on new sanctions against Russia, a move Moscow said ended hopes for better ties. Putin ordered Washington to cut its embassy and consular staff in Russia by more than half. Tensions have also flared over the conflict in Syria. If it the Trump-Putin meeting comes about, it would come as investigations in Washington over alleged Russian meddling in the presidential election and possible collusion by the Trump campaign yielded its first indictments. U.S. special counsel Robert Mueller s office this week unveiled charges against former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort, Manafort associate Richard Gates and campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos. Manafort and Gates pleaded not guilty while Papadapoulos pleaded guilty. The Wall Street Journal also has reported that U.S. authorities have enough evidence to charge six members of the Russian government in the hacking of Democratic National Committee computers during the 2016 campaign. ",1
15767,Philippines warns against lone wolf attacks after Marawi victory,"MANILA (Reuters) - More than a week after the Philippines declared victory over pro-Islamic State militants in Marawi, security officials on Friday expressed concern over lone wolf attacks, with Australia issuing a  high threat  alert about travel to Manila. Skirmishes continued between soldiers and holdouts from the Islamist militant group that seized a lakeside town on the southern island of Mindanao. More than 1,100 people, including 165 troops, were killed in the five-month conflict.  One concern after Marawi is the possibility of threats from lone wolves,  defense department spokesman Arsenio Andolong told reporters, two days after an Uzbek plowed into New York pedestrians and bikers in what U.S. officials called a terrorist act. The army remained on high alert after President Rodrigo Duterte said five cities in Mindanao were potential targets of Islamist militants after their defeat in Marawi, he added. On Friday, the Australian embassy issued a travel advisory, warning of  a high threat of terrorist attack  in the Philippines, including Manila, the capital.  Be alert to possible threats around locations that have a low level of protective security and places known to be possible terrorist targets,  it said. It told Australians to reconsider travel plans to eastern Mindanao and avoid its central and western regions. The advisory was similar to one issued early this year, said military spokesman Major-General Restituto Padilla.  It was only a reiteration, there is no credible threat,  he added. Two days ago, army soldiers killed the righthand man of Abu Sayyaf leader Isnilon Hapilon, the emir of pro-Islamic State militants in Southeast Asia, who was gunned down last month. His death hastened the collapse of the Marawi-based militant group, leading to its defeat. ",1
15768,Flanders premier calls on EU to take action on Catalonia,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The premier of Belgium s Flanders region, which has itself seen separatist frictions in the past, denounced Spanish authorities on Friday for arresting sacked separatist Catalan officials and urged the EU to mediate in the dispute. Carles Puigdemont, dismissed by Madrid as Catalan leader after the region s unilateral declaration of independence, traveled to Belgium and failed to appear in a Spanish court on Thursday to answer charges of rebellion. But nine associates were remanded in custody in Madrid pending possible trial.  Locking up democratically elected leaders is more than a bridge too far,  Flanders premier Geert Bourgeois said in a statement.   I m perplexed that something like that is possible in today s Europe.   Flanders, home to more than half of Belgium s inhabitants, has also seen separatist campaigning in past decades but a series of constitutional reviews has given broad autonomy to the regions and kept a lid on tensions. Bourgeois, of Flemish nationalist party N-VA which is also part of Belgium s federal government, called on European institutions to mediate; a proposal it has already rejected.   Once again I m urgently calling on all European entities to finally take action and look for democratic solutions with both Spain and Catalonia,  he added. The European Commission reiterated on Friday it fully respected Spain s internal political and judicial order. ",1
15769,Death toll from strike on Gaza tunnel this week rises to 12,"GAZA (Reuters) - A Palestinian militant group said on Friday that five of its members had been killed earlier this week when Israel blew up a cross-border tunnel being dug by militants from the Gaza Strip, bringing the death toll in the strike to 12.  Neither side seemed eager to seek escalation after the tunnel was blown up on Monday by Israel, which pointed out that its action was carried out on its own side of the border. The Islamic Jihad group said it was denied access to the collapsed tunnel and was unable to recover the bodies of its five members. Both Islamic Jihad and Hamas, the dominant Islamist group in Gaza that had said earlier it lost two people in the tunnel collapse, have sworn to retaliate. Hamas accused Israel of trying to undermine a reconciliation agreement it reached with Mahmoud Abbas, the president of the Palestinian Authority, last month. Israel has been constructing a sensor-equipped underground wall along the 60-km (36-mile) Gaza border, aiming to complete the $1.1 billion project by mid-2019. During the last Gaza war, in 2014, Hamas fighters used dozens of tunnels to blindside Israel s superior forces and threaten civilian communities near the frontier, a counterpoint to the Iron Dome anti-missile system that largely protected the country s heartland from militant rocket barrages. Israel and the United States have called for Hamas to be disarmed as part of the pact between Hamas and the Palestinian Authority, so Israeli peace efforts with Abbas, which collapsed in 2014, could proceed. Hamas has rejected the demand. ",1
15770,Iraqi forces enter al-Qaim in final offensive on Islamic State-held territory,"ERBIL Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi forces have entered al-Qaim, one of the last remaining territories in the country still held by Islamic State militants, the Joint Operations Command said on Friday.   Units from the Iraqi army, Counter-Terrorism Services, Sunni tribal and Iranian-backed Popular Mobilisation forces (PMF) are participating in an offensive to recapture al-Qaim and Rawa, two towns which lie on the border area with Syria.  Iraq s security forces retook a border crossing with Syria from the militants, hours after entering al-Qaim, according to the Joint Operations Command. The road runs through al-Qaim in Iraq and Albu-Kamal in Syria, two towns which are very close to each other on opposite sides of the border in the last important territorial stronghold of Islamic State. Welcoming the offensive, the U.S.-led international military coalition, which has run an air campaign against Islamic State in both Syria and Iraq since 2014, said in a statement that approximately 1,500 Islamic State fighters were estimated to remain in the immediate vicinity of al-Qaim. Operations to clear the militants from their final strongholds in Iraq have continued, despite a concurrent military advance on Kurdish-held territory in the north. Iraq s central government launched an offensive on Oct. 16 to seize disputed territories, claimed by both Baghdad and the Kurds, in retaliation for a referendum on Kurdish independence held on Sept. 25. In a lightning strike, central government forces swiftly recaptured large areas, including the oil-rich city of Kirkuk, from the Kurds, who had seized these areas when Islamic State swept across northern Iraq in 2014. On Thursday, Iraqi forces threatened to resume military operations against the Kurds, accusing them of delaying the handover of control of borders and taking advantage of negotiations to bolster their defenses. ",1
15771,Myanmar sees 'bad consequences' if U.S. imposes sanctions on military,"YANGON (Reuters) - Proposed U.S. sanctions targeting Myanmar s military for its treatment of Rohingya Muslims would hinder the fledgling civilian government sharing power with the generals, a spokesman for de facto leader Aung San Suu Kyi said on Friday. The bill, introduced by members of the U.S. Senate on the eve of Donald Trump s departure on his first trip to Asia since becoming president in January, seeks to reimpose some sanctions lifted last year as Myanmar returned to democracy. The measure would impose targeted sanctions and travel curbs on Myanmar military officials and bar the United States from supplying most assistance to the military until perpetrators of atrocities against the Rohingya in Myanmar s western Rakhine State are held accountable. Responding to the moves in Washington, Suu Kyi s spokesman, Zaw Htay, told Reuters,  we need internal stability to improve the country s economy. Imposing international sanctions directly affects the people in travel and in business investments, and there are many bad consequences.  Myanmar officials would explain the government s efforts on Rakhine during a visit by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson scheduled for Nov. 15, he added.  We will explain to him what we are doing when he comes here. We can not tell him not to do that. And we don t know what is U.S. policy,  Zaw Htay said. Zaw Htay, a former army major who is a holdover from the quasi-civilian administration that handed over the reins last year, said the army, known as the Tatmadaw, had to be involved in Myanmar s transition. Myanmar was previously hit by sanctions over the military junta s brutal suppression of the then opposition led by Suu Kyi, but Zaw Htay stressed the civilian government still has to work with the military.    The country s reconstruction cannot be done only by the government. The Tatmadaw needs to be involved, it is very clear. Everything has to undergo negotiation with the Tatmadaw under the 2008 constitution,  he said, referring to the charter drawn up by the junta before Myanmar began its democracy transition.   Sanctions and pressures affect the government s work. It won t be a positive result if they impose sanctions, as with the previous experience (of sanctions).  He added,  Of course, it will damage all the business investments, not only military-owned (businesses). It will definitely have a bad affect. There can only be bad results.  Republican Senate Armed Services Committee chairman John McCain, and Senator Ben Cardin, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, were among the lawmakers who have sponsored the bill.  A companion bill is also being introduced in the House of Representatives.  Members of Congress have pressed for a strong response to the plight of the Rohingya, and the Trump administration has been weighing labeling the actions by Myanmar s military as  ethnic cleansing . Myanmar has rejected that accusation, defending the military s actions as a counter-insurgency operation provoked by Rohingya militant attacks on 30 security posts in Rakhine State on Aug. 25. More than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled Buddhist-majority Myanmar since the military crackdown that has led to reports of burnt villages and widespread killings. The United Nations has denounced it as a classic example of ethnic cleansing. Zaw Htay said Myanmar was calling for the international community to  cooperate positively  on the Rakhine issue, rather than focusing on what he called mere allegations of abuse by security forces.  We are not ignoring human rights abuses,  he said.  They are all allegations. The international diplomats and international organizations who are saying what happened are always using allegations, without evidence. No one can give strong evidence of their allegations, although we asked for it.  Myanmar had so far been unable to take action based on the claims made by refugees in Bangladesh, he said.  We will take action if they are right...So cooperate with us by showing strong evidence, rather than basing it on just allegations.  ",1
15772,"World 'running out of time' on North Korea, Trump to tell Asia: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will tell leaders on a five-nation Asia tour the world is  running out of time  on North Korea s nuclear crisis and that he will give his strategy to isolate Pyongyang a few months before making adjustments, a top aide said on Thursday. Trump leaves on Friday for Hawaii, the first stop en route to Asia where he will visit Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam and the Philippines. It will be the longest Asia tour by an American president in more than 25 years. His goal will be to increase international support for an  effort to deprive North Korea of resources as leverage to coerce it to give up nuclear weapons.  The president recognizes that we re running out of time (to deal with North Korea) and will ask all nations to do more,  White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster told reporters at a briefing. As part of the U.S. effort to push China, North Korea s neighbor and main trading partner, to put more pressure on Pyongyang, the U.S. Treasury issued a formal ruling on Thursday cutting off from the U.S. financial system a Chinese bank it accused of laundering money for North Korean concerns. In June, the Treasury Department declared the Bank of Dandong a  primary money laundering concern  for serving as a gateway for North Korea to access the U.S. and international financial systems despite U.S. and U.N. sanctions. [nL1N1JQ1I4]  South Korea s spy agency told lawmakers on Thursday that North Korea may be planning a new missile test, after brisk activity was spotted at its research facilities. [L4N1N83MN] The U.S. military is keeping a close eye on North Korea, which conducted its last missile test on Sept. 15 and its sixth and largest nuclear test on Sept. 3. Two Guam-based U.S. B-1B bombers flew through South Korean airspace and over the country s Pilsung Range in an exercise on Thursday, the U.S. Air Force said. [nL2N1N827P]  The bilateral continuous bomber presence mission was planned in advance ... and was not in response to any current event,  the Air Force said in a statement. McMaster said Trump would urge countries with the most influence over Pyongyang to  convince its leaders that the pursuit of nuclear weapons is a dead end  and that it must denuclearize.  And he will remind friend and foe alike that the United States stands ready to defend itself and our allies using the full range of our capabilities,  said McMaster. China will be perhaps Trump s most critical stop in Asia. There he will ask Chinese President Xi Jinping to do more to rein in North Korea. Senior U.S. officials say China considers North Korea a strategic asset and is reluctant to cut off resources to Pyongyang for fear of triggering a refugee wave. McMaster said Trump, who has approved a variety of sanctions against North Korea, is at the beginning of his drive for Pyongyang to give up nuclear weapons. Trump has warned he would  totally destroy  North Korea if it threatened the United States or its allies.  I think we have to be a little patient here for at least a few months to see what more we and others can do, including China,  said McMaster.  I don t think we need to reassess our strategy now. I think we have to give it a couple of months, a few months, and then see what adjustments we might need to make.  Trump is expected to press Xi to reduce oil exports to North Korea and coal imports from Pyongyang and limit financial transactions. The Chinese leader is newly ascendant after consolidating power at a Communist Party congress. ",1
15773,Ivanka Trump says world should boost women in cutting-edge industries,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Ivanka Trump, U.S. President Donald Trump s daughter and informal adviser, told a summit in Tokyo on Friday that the world must boost women and minority participation in the fields of science, technology, engineering and maths (STEM). Ivanka Trump, seen as an important influence on her father, has made women s issues one of her signature policy areas since beginning her role at the White House. Her comments came ahead of her father s trip to Asia - his first since taking office in January - that begins in Japan on Sunday.  Female and minority participation in STEM fields is moving in the wrong direction,  she said at the World Assembly for Women summit.  We must create equal participation in these traditionally male-dominated sectors of our economy.   She said her father s tax reforms - unveiled by Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday - would benefit American families.  We are seeking to simplify the tax code, lower rates, expand the child tax credit, eliminate the marriage penalty, and put more money back in the pockets of hard-working Americans,  she told a meeting room in a Tokyo hotel that had a number of empty seats. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said his government was aiming to mobilize women in Japan s workforce and boost economic growth, launching policies such as improved childcare in his  Womenomics  program.  We ve put our full strength into creating an environment where it s easy for women to work,  Abe said in an opening address to the conference.  I really feel that Japan has come a long way,  he said.  Japan s gender gap remains wide despite such efforts, with little progress made since Abe vowed at the United Nations in 2013 to create  a society where women can shine . Japan ranked 114 out of 144 in the World Economic Forum s 2017 Global Gender Gap report - sandwiched between Guinea and Ethiopia and down 13 places since Abe took power. Abe appointed only two women to ministerial posts in a Cabinet reshuffle in August, down from three and five respectively in his previous two cabinets. Only 14 percent of Japan s lawmakers are women. Men also dominate decision-making in business in Japan. Only 3.7 percent of Japanese-listed company executives were women at the end of July, according to the Cabinet Office, barely changed from 3.4 percent a year earlier. (This version of the story corrects a typographical error in the summit title in paragraph 3) ",1
15774,Rohingya crisis: a deadly crossing,"(Reuters) - Four Rohingya Muslims died this week when a small fishing boat carrying dozens of refugees fleeing violence in Myanmar capsized in stormy weather near the coast of neighboring Bangladesh. The four, including two boys, became the most recent casualties in a precarious sea and river crossing made by thousands of Rohingya since the violence began in late August. A Reuters graphic takes a closer look at the overloaded wooden boats making the journey of up to five hours from Myanmar s coast to ports in southern Bangladesh. See the graphic here: tmsnrt.rs/2z8VYPw Nearly 200 people have died, and more remain missing, after their boats capsized on the Naf River and in the Bay of Bengal,  data from the Bangladesh police and the International Organization of Migration shows. More than 600,000 Rohingya have fled by land and water to Bangladesh since the military in predominantly Buddhist Myanmar launched a counter-insurgency operation after Rohingya militants attacked security posts on Aug. 25.    ",1
15775,Syria declares victory over Islamic State in Deir al-Zor,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian government declared victory over Islamic State in the eastern city of Deir al-Zor on Friday, a big blow to the jihadists as their last stronghold in Syria crumbles. Deir al-Zor, on the west bank of the Euphrates River, is the largest and most important city in eastern Syria, and is the center of the country s oil production.   The armed forces, in cooperation with allied forces, liberated the city of Deir al-Zor completely from the clutches of the Daesh terrorist organization,  the military source said, using an Arabic acronym for Islamic State.  The army, backed by Russian bombers, Iran and Shi ite militias, is advancing toward the last significant town held by Islamic State in Syria, Albu Kamal, which is also located on the western bank of the Euphrates.  A rival offensive by Kurdish and Arab militias supported by a U.S.-led coalition with air strikes and special forces, is pressing Islamic State on the eastern bank.  Iraqi forces on Friday said they had begun their own final offensive against Islamic State on the Iraqi side of the jihadist territory that straddles the border between the two countries, entering the city of al-Qaim.  Islamic State had for years besieged a government enclave in Deir al-Zor until an army advance relieved it in early September, starting a battle for jihadist-held parts of the city.  The army captured al-Hamidiya, Sheikh Yassin, al-Ardhi and al-Rashidia districts in recent attacks and the al-Hawiqa district was the last to be held by the jihadists, a military media unit run by the army s ally Hezbollah reported.  Engineering units were searching streets and buildings in those districts for mines and booby traps left by Islamic State, the military source said.  ",1
15776,Syrian army says will continue until stability restored across Syria,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian army said on Friday it would continue to wage war against Islamic State and  other terrorist groups  until security and stability are restored to all Syrian territory. The pledge came in a statement, read out on state television, that announced the army s complete capture of Deir al-Zor in eastern Syria from Islamic State.  ",1
15777,"South African prosecutors say Pistorius sentence 'shockingly lenient', seek appeal","BLOEMFONTEIN, South Africa (Reuters) - South Africa s state prosecutors told the Supreme Court of Appeal (SCA) on Friday the six-year sentence for murder handed to Paralympic gold medalist Oscar Pistorius was  shockingly lenient  and asked for the right to launch an appeal. Pistorius was imprisoned in July last year after being found guilty on appeal of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp on Valentine s Day 2013. The case has attracted worldwide interest.  He was not in court for Friday s hearing. Women s rights groups in a country beset by high levels of violent crime against women say Pistorius has received preferential treatment compared to non-whites and those without his wealth or international celebrity status. The athlete was originally convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to five years in jail. That conviction was increased to murder by the SCA in December 2015 and his sentence increased to six years by trial Judge Thokozile Masipa. State prosecutors, led by advocate Andrea Johnson, said the sentence by Masipa was too lenient as the jail term was less than half the minimum 15-year sentence prescribed for murder in South Africa. Johnson said the High Court did not list the substantial and compelling factors for deviating from the 15-year sentence and that Pistorius had not shown remorse for the murder.  There is no true, gut-wrenching remorse,  Johnson said.   It is shockingly lenient and has accordingly resulted in an injustice,  she said, referring to the sentence. Lawyers for the gold medalist, known as the  Blade Runner  for his carbon-fiber prosthetics, say he did not deliberately kill model and law graduate Steenkamp. Barry Roux, lead defense lawyer for Pistorius, said the athlete was suffering from severe and worsening post-traumatic stress disorder over the case.  Roux said Masipa had addressed the misperception that Pistorius deliberately killed Steenkamp.   Leave to appeal should really not be granted,  he said. The court did not set a date for when it would rule on whether the appeal can be heard or not. ",1
15778,Iraqi forces reach road between Iraqi-Syrian towns: Hezbollah-affiliated TV channel,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iraqi forces have reached the main road between Albu-Kamal in Syria and al-Qaim in Iraq, the Lebanese TV news channel al-Manar, which is affiliated to the Syrian government s ally Hezbollah, reported on Friday.  The two towns are very close to each other on opposite sides of the Iraqi-Syrian border in the last important territorial stronghold of Islamic State.  ",1
15779,"Iraqi forces retake border crossing with Syria from Islamic State, Shi'ite militias say","ERBIL (Reuters) - Iraq s security forces retook a border crossing with Syria from Islamic State militants on Friday, according to Iran-backed Shi ite militias who are taking part in the offensive. The road, which runs through al-Qaim in Iraq and Albu-Kamal in Syria, was recaptured after Iraqi forces entered al-Qaim on Friday, one of the last remaining towns in the country still held by the militants. ",1
15780,"At least three dead, scores rescued off Greek islands as arrivals rise","ATHENS (Reuters) - Three people drowned, at least six were missing and scores of others were rescued in three separate incidents of migrants trying to reach Greece across the Aegean Sea early Friday. Greek authorities recovered the body of a woman and searched for more people missing after a wooden boat carrying migrants sank off Kalymnos island, close to the Turkish coast. Fifteen people, 10 men, four women and a child, were rescued, and Greek coastguard vessels were searching for another six to eight people missing, a Greek coastguard official said. The Turkish coastguard said it recovered another two bodies on its side of the maritime border, and that the boat was carrying 27 people. Rescue operations in Turkish waters were ongoing, it said. The departure point of the boat and the nationality of those on board was not immediately clear. Separately, Greece rescued 127 migrants and refugees off Chios island on board two boats in distress earlier on Friday, the coastguard said. Arrivals of refugees and migrants to Greece, which shares a long sea border with Turkey, have increased in recent months, but not on the scale of mass arrivals in 2015. Nearly 148,100 refugees and migrants have crossed to Greece from Turkey this year - a fraction of the nearly 1 million arrivals in 2015 - but arrivals have increased in recent months. An average 214 people arrived daily in September, compared with 156 in August and 87 in July, Greece s migration minister, Yannis Mouzalas, said on Wednesday.     About 60,000 refugees and migrants, mostly Syrians, Afghans and Iraqis, have been stranded in Greece after border closures in the Balkans halted the onward journey many planned to take to central and western Europe. ",1
15781,Nine killed by Nusra Front car bomb in southwest Syria: state media,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A Nusra Front car bomb killed at least nine people and injured 23 in a government-held village in Syria s southwestern Quneitra area, Syrian state media reported on Friday. Rockets and gunfire followed the bomb in Hadher, close to the Israeli-held Golan Heights, the report said, adding the number of casualties was expected to rise. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights also reported clashes in the area between the Syrian army and the militants. Formerly called Nusra Front, the group re-branded itself as Tahrir al-Sham in January after it severed ties with al Qaeda last year. Opposed to the Syrian government, the jihadist group is the dominant faction in the northwestern rebel-held province of Idlib. ",1
15782,Italy says seizes opiates meant to finance Islamic State,"ROME (Reuters) - Italy seized more than 24 million tablets of a synthetic opiate that Islamic State militants planned to sell to finance attacks around the world, the head of a southern Italian court said on Friday. The pills were seized by finance police and customs officials in the container port of Gioia Tauro, Italy s biggest, according to a statement. The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration collaborated in the investigation.  A video shows police opening a container filled with boxes of Tramadol, a powerful painkiller normally available only on prescription.  With an average sale price of about 2 euros ($2.33) per tablet, the haul was worth 50 million euros, the statement said. Foreign investigators told the court in the city of Reggio Calabria that the drugs belonged to Islamic State. The drugs sales were  managed directly by Islamic State to finance the terrorist activities planned and carried out around the world , Reggio Calabria s chief prosecutor Federico Cafiero De Raho said.   Part of the illegal profit from their sale would have been used to finance extremist groups in Libya, Syria and Iraq,  he said. The seizure comes three days after an Uzbek immigrant, Sayfullo Saipov, drove a truck on a New York City bike path, killing eight, in the latest attack claimed by Islamic State. No details on how the illegal shipment was discovered or on its final destination were provided by the court. A similar shipment was discovered in Greece last year, and an even larger one was found in Italy s Genoa port in May. ",1
15783,"Policeman, PKK militant killed in southeast Turkey: governor's office","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A policeman and a militant from the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) were killed in the southeastern city of Diyarbakir on Friday, the local governor s office said. It said nine other policemen were wounded during a security operation against the Kurdish group in the city.  Clashes broke out as our security forces entered the address to apprehend a member of the PKK,  the governor s office said.  The PKK, which is designated a terrorist group by Turkey, the United States and European Union, has led a three-decade armed insurgency against the Turkish state.  The government has been increasing operations against the militant group since the collapse of a ceasefire in 2015. ",1
15784,World's stateless deserve nationality: UNHCR,"GENEVA (Reuters) - An estimated 10 million people worldwide are stateless, including three million officially, a status that deprives them of an identity, rights, and often jobs, the United Nations refugee agency said on Friday. Muslim Rohingyas in Buddhist-majority Myanmar form the world s biggest stateless minority, with some 600,000 having fled violence and repression since late August and taken refuge in Bangladesh, it said.  In a report,  This is Our Home  - Stateless Minorities and their Search for Citizenship , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) called on governments to end the discriminatory practice by 2024.   If you live in this world without a nationality, you are without an identity, you are without documentation, without the rights and entitlements that we take for granted ... having a job, having education, knowing that your child belongs somewhere,  Carol Batchelor, director of UNHCR s division of international protection, told a news briefing. UNHCR spokesman Adrian Edwards said 3.2 million people in 75 countries were known to be stateless, having been registered or counted by governments. But the estimated total is 10 million, including large populations in countries including Indonesia, Ivory Coast, Lebanon and Democratic Republic of Congo, he said. Governments should give nationality to people born on their territory if they would otherwise be stateless, and facilitate naturalization for longtime stateless residents, UNHCR says. Other stateless groups   many of whom have lived for generations in their homelands   include many Syrian Kurds, the Karana of Madagascar, Roma in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, and the Pemba of Kenya, the report said.   We need to ensure that there is not a deliberate, arbitrary exclusion or deprivation of nationality,  Batchelor said. Asked whether Rohingya fell into the category of those deliberately excluded and deprived of nationality, Batchelor said:  We can only look at the result ... Myanmar has a nationality law. It outlines categories of persons that are considered to be citizens of Myanmar. The Rohingya are not on that list.    Some 30,000 stateless people in Thailand have acquired nationality since 2012 and the Makonde, a community of 4,000, became Kenya s 43rd officially recognized tribe last year, the report said.  We are seeing reductions in Thailand, in central Asia, in Russia, in Western Africa. But the numbers are not nearly as substantial as they would need to be for us to end statelessness by 2024,  said Melanie Khanna, head of UNHCR s statelessness section. ",1
15785,Philippines spotlights anti-graft measures in bid to woo U.S. aid,"MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines on Friday defended its graft-fighting efforts in a bid to convince the United States to continue providing development assistance after an initial five-year grant of $434 million expired in May last year.  The move comes despite President Rodrigo Duterte s remark that America s money could be replaced, after the U.S. government s Millennium Challenge Corporation last year cited human rights concerns in deferring its vote on aid for Manila. The Philippines fell short of the  control of corruption  target on the MCC s scorecard for fiscal 2018, which determines a country s eligibility for assistance. However, the rating  may not completely reflect the reform initiatives of the Duterte administration in the area of fighting corruption and good governance,  said Harry Roque, a spokesman for the Philippine president. Duterte has fired government officials over corruption allegations, ordered agencies to open their records to the public, cut red tape and set up a hotline for people to report graft, Roque said in a statement.  We are hopeful that the MCC board would take into account these initiatives and see our commitment to further reforms in the areas covered by the compact assistance,  he added. Finance Secretary Carlos Dominguez also weighed in, saying the president had been  relentless in the campaign against corruption in government . Duterte  cleansed the corruption-plagued  Bureau of Corrections, and last month set up an anti-graft panel to investigate cases against presidential appointees, he added.  Duterte took power on a platform of battling crime, drugs and graft, but is himself being investigated by an independent anti-graft body over allegations of non-disclosure of wealth when he was mayor of the southern city of Davao. He raised the prospect of severing ties with Washington after being infuriated by U.S. criticism of his war on drugs, which has claimed more than 3,900 lives since he took office 16 months ago. ",1
15786,"Month into trial, North Korean 'masterminds' behind Kim Jong Nam killing a mystery","KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - One month into the trial of the killing of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un s half-brother, Malaysian prosecutors have focused on two accused women, but have shed no light on four prime North Korean suspects. Historically close ties between North Korea and Malaysia unraveled as the Southeast Asian country started investigating the alleged murder of Kim Jong Nam, who died after the two women smeared his face with VX, a banned chemical weapon, at Kuala Lumpur airport on Feb. 13. Malaysian police declared two women, Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Doan Thi Huong from Vietnam, and four men who fled to North Korea, as prime suspects. Police secured an Interpol alert for the four men, identified as North Koreans Ri Ji Hyon, Hong Song Hac, O Jong Gil, and Ri Jae Nam. Their photos and passport details were widely distributed among media organizations. But as the trial enters its fourth week, prosecutors have yet to name the four men or even confirm their North Korean origin in court. The case s lead police investigator, Wan Azirul Nizam Che Wan Aziz, has referred to the suspects only by their pseudonyms during the trial and said that authorities did not have enough information to trace and arrest them.          Based on my investigation, the suspects used assumed names and there were no identifying details such as passport numbers or telephone numbers,  Wan Azirul told the court. Kim Jong Nam and his relationship with North Korea s leader has been barely mentioned throughout the trial.  Witnesses and lawyers alike refer to the victim as Kim Chol, according to the name on his North Korean passport. Nor have prosecutors made any mention of what South Korean intelligence sources have described as a state-sponsored plot to kill Kim Jong Nam, who had been living in exile in Macau. Both South Korean and U.S. officials say Kim Jong Un s regime were behind the killing, which Pyongyang vehemently denies.  The question of who (the victim) is related to is only relevant when trying to determine the motive, but it s up to the prosecutors if they want to avoid having to prove a conspiracy involving the head of state of a foreign government,  Shad Saleem Faruqi, a law professor at the Kuala Lumpur-based University of Malaya,    The broader you cast the net, the more difficult your job becomes,  he said. Malaysia and North Korea came close to snapping ties over the case until a swap deal was agreed upon on March 30.  Three North Koreans wanted for questioning over the killing were allowed to return home, along with Kim Jong Nam s body, while nine Malaysians barred from leaving Pyongyang were released. Defense lawyers have said Siti Aisyah and Huong, who were arrested in Kuala Lumpur within days of the killing, were duped into thinking they were playing a prank for a reality TV show and did not know they were poisoning Kim Jong Nam.    CCTV recordings screened in a court on the outskirts of Kuala Lumpur showed the four suspects, known only as Mr. Chang, Mr. Y, James and Hanamori, at the airport on the morning of the killing. Hanamori, who went by the names of  Grandpa  and  Uncle  orchestrated the operation at the airport, Wan Azirul said. Two of them were seen meeting Siti Aisyah and Huong before changing clothes and leaving the scene after Kim Jong Nam was attacked. Mr. Chang and Mr. Y had applied liquid on the women s hands, Wan Azirul said.   The trial resumes on Monday when more CCTV footage is expected to be shown. The defense team is expected to focus more  on the four North Koreans, when the judge calls it to present its case.  The two women face a mandatory death sentence by hanging if found guilty.    ",1
15787,"China says hopes U.S. can 'help, not cause problems' in South China Sea","BEIJING (Reuters) - China hopes the United States can  help and not cause problems  in the disputed South China Sea, a senior Chinese diplomat said on Friday ahead of next week s visit to Beijing by President Donald Trump. The United States has criticized China s construction of islands and build-up of military facilities in the sea, and is concerned they could be used to restrict free nautical movement. U.S. Navy ships have also carried out freedom of navigation patrols in the area, angering China. Speaking to reporters about Trump s trip, Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said China has indisputable sovereignty over islands and surrounding waters in the South China Sea.  The essence of the South China Sea problem is some regional countries  illegal occupation of some of China s islands and reefs, Zheng said, adding China was willing to resolve issues peacefully through talks with countries directly involved.   The South China Sea issue isn t an issue between China and the United States,  he added.  We hope that as an external party, the United States can plant more flowers and fewer thorns, help and not cause problems . Zheng said he said he hoped the United States could objectively view the positive developments in the South China Sea and respect efforts by China and Southeast Asian countries to safeguard peace and stability there.  There is no issue with freedom of navigation in the South China Sea and China opposed any parties using it as an  excuse  to harm China s sovereignty and security interests, he added.  The Trump administration has vowed to conduct more robust South China Sea operations. China s claims in the area, through which about $5 trillion in ship-borne trade passes each year, are contested by Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam. Speaking earlier in the day, another senior Chinese diplomat said China and Vietnam have agreed to manage their dispute in the South China Sea through friendly talks, following an ugly spat over the summer between the two communist neighbors. The countries have long been at loggerheads over the issue, with Vietnam having emerged as the most vocal opponent of China s claims to the majority of the regional sea.  A scheduled meeting between their foreign ministers in August was canceled on the sidelines of a regional gathering in Manila amid an argument about militarization in the South China Sea and island-building.  Hanoi and Beijing, however, have sought to get relations back on track, with a top Chinese leader telling his Vietnamese hosts in September that their two communist parties have a  shared destiny .  Speaking before Chinese President Xi Jinping goes to Vietnam next week for a state visit and to attend a summit of Asia Pacific leaders, Chinese Assistant Foreign Minister Chen Xiaodong said leaders of the two countries have had many  deep, frank  discussions on maritime issues.   They reached an important consensus,  Chen told a news briefing.   Both sides will uphold the principle of friendly consultations and dialogue to jointly manage and control maritime disputes, and protect the bigger picture of developing Sino-Vietnam relations and stability in the South China Sea.   ",1
15788,U.S. bomber drills aggravate North Korea ahead of Trump's Asia visit,"SEOUL/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two U.S. strategic bombers conducted drills over South Korea, the U.S. Air Force said, raising tensions with North Korea just days before President Donald Trump visits the region seeking to shut down Pyongyang s nuclear program. News of the Thursday s drills was first reported by North Korean state news agency KCNA on Friday, which said the exercises involving South Korean and Japanese fighter jets were a  surprise nuclear strike drill .  The reality clearly shows that the gangster-like U.S. imperialists are the very one who is aggravating the situation of the Korean peninsula and seeking to ignite a nuclear war,   KCNA said. Trump arrives in Asia on Sunday, beginning his first trip to the region as president in Japan before heading to South Korea and China, then Vietnam and the Philippines. A series of missile tests by North Korea and its sixth and largest nuclear test, defying U.N. Security Council resolutions, have fueled the most critical international challenge of Trump s presidency. China, under U.S. pressure to do more to rein in its ally, on Friday stressed that it had been enforcing U.N. resolutions and reiterated its opposition to the use of force.  Over the long term, China has made unremitting efforts to appropriately resolve the peninsula nuclear issue and promote dialogue and negotiation between all parties,  Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang told reporters at a briefing in Beijing.  You can say we ve made our greatest effort.  The goal of Trump s visit will be to increase international support for efforts to deprive North Korea of resources as leverage to coerce it to give up nuclear weapons, U.S. officials said.  The president recognizes that we re running out of time (to deal with North Korea) and will ask all nations to do more,  White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster told reporters at a briefing in Washington. McMaster said Trump, who has approved a variety of sanctions against North Korea while pressing China to do more, was at the beginning of his drive for Pyongyang to give up nuclear weapons. Trump has warned he would  totally destroy  North Korea if it threatened the United States.  I think we have to be a little patient here for at least a few months to see what more we and others can do, including China,  said McMaster.  I don t think we need to reassess our strategy now. I think we have to give it a couple of months, a few months, and then see what adjustments we might need to make.  While North Korea has not launched any missiles since Sept. 15, the longest such lull this year, a flurry of activity has been detected at its missile research facilities in Pyongyang, pointing to another possible launch, South Korea s spy agency told lawmakers on Thursday.   Seoul held a National Security Council meeting on Friday to discuss possible unilateral sanctions against Pyongyang, and may announce the measures ahead of Trump s arrival in South Korea, a presidential official said.  The United States has wanted the South Korean government to take further steps to sanction the North. Unilateral sanctions by South Korea wouldn t have much practical impact but have a symbolic importance,  the official said. Ahead of Trump s visit to Asia, the drills involving the U.S. bombers marked the latest show of force by the United States and its allies. The planes flew over the Pilsung Range training area in central South Korea, Air Force spokeswoman Captain Victoria Hight said. Japanese and South Korean fighter jets carried out sequenced missions with the U.S. bombers but no ordnance was dropped, the Air Force said. The drill was staged at a time when three U.S. aircraft carrier groups are in the Asia-Pacific, the first time such a potent projection of force has been together in the region in a decade. U.S. officials said earlier this week a decision may be made for the three carriers to carry out a joint exercise to coincide with Trump s trip. KCNA said the combination of the bomber drills with the presence of the carrier groups underscored the gravity of the situation.   The U.S. imperialists are making last-ditch efforts to check the dynamic advance of the DPRK by deploying their nuclear strategic assets in succession, but its army and people are never frightened at such moves,  KCNA reported, referring to North Korea by the initials for its official name.  The U.S. imperialist warmongers should not act rashly.  ",1
15789,China says has made best effort on North Korea ahead of Trump visit,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A senior Chinese diplomat said on Friday China has made its best efforts to resolve issues on the Korean peninsula, ahead of U.S. President Donald Trump s state visit to Beijing next week when he is expected to press China to do more on North Korea. Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said the North Korean nuclear issue would be an important topic up for discussion at the meeting between Chinese President Xi Jinping and Trump. China firmly opposes conflict on the Korean peninsula and believes using force is not the correct way to resolve the issue, Zheng told reporters at a briefing in Beijing. China and the United States have a shared interest in peace and stability on the Korean peninsula, Zheng said. ",1
15790,"China says South China Sea not an issue between China, United States","BEIJING (Reuters) - The South China Sea was not an issue between China and the United States, and Washington is expected to make a positive contribution instead of stirring up trouble, Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said on Friday. Zheng was speaking at a briefing about next week s visit to China by U.S. President Donald Trump. ",1
15791,Pakistan's ex-PM appears in court for trial over finances,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan s former prime minister Nawaz Sharif attended an anti-corruption trial on Friday ordered by the country s Supreme Court when it removed him from office earlier this year. Sharif, 67, arrived at the court with his daughter, Maryam, who is also on trial over the family s wealth and financial dealings. The family has called the case a political conspiracy but opposition leaders who pushed it before the courts have hailed it as accountability for the rich and powerful. The charges in the National Accountability Bureau (NAB) court are linked to London properties the family owns that were revealed in the 2016 Panama Papers leaks involving offshore companies owned by prominent international figures. Allies of Sharif, who has served as prime minister twice and was toppled in a military coup in 1999, have called the proceedings a political vendetta and hinted at intervention by elements of the powerful army. The Supreme Court disqualified Sharif from office in July over unreported sources of annual income of about $10,000, a salary the former premier denies ever receiving. The high court also ordered the NAB to investigate and conduct a trial into the Sharif family s wider finances, including the London properties. Sharif maintains control of the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz party, which elected close ally Shahid Khaqi Abbasi as prime minister after Sharif was disqualified. ",1
15792,China says confident in economic relations with U.S. ahead of Trump visit,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China has confidence in its economic relations with the United States going forward and will continue to open up and provide broader market access, Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said on Friday. Zheng was speaking at a briefing about next week s visit to China by President Donald Trump. ",1
15793,China disputes Trump's claims of fentanyl 'flood' into United States,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s drug control agency disputed on Friday U.S. President Donald Trump s claim that most of the synthetic drug fentanyl at the heart of the U.S. opioid crisis was produced in China. Declaring the crisis a public health emergency, U.S. President Donald Trump said last week he would discuss as a  top priority  stopping the  flood of cheap and deadly  fentanyl  manufactured in China  when he meets President Xi Jinping during his state visit to Beijing next week. Wei Xiaojun, the deputy secretary-general of China s National Narcotics Commission, said China did not  deny or reject  that some fentanyl produced in China had made its way to the United States. But the  intelligence and information exchanged between China and the United States is not enough to say that most of the fentanyl or other opioid substances originate from China , Wei said at a joint news briefing with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) in Beijing. Opioids include prescription painkillers, heroin and fentanyl, a highly addictive synthetic drug 50 to 100 times more potent than morphine. The Centers for Disease Control estimated that 20,000 Americans were killed by fentanyl last year, surpassing common painkillers and heroin for the first time. American law enforcement agencies and drug control experts say most of the fentanyl distributed in the United States, as well as precursor chemicals, originate from China.   While Chinese officials dispute these claims, Beijing has taken steps to crack down on the production and export of synthetic drugs, and has placed fentanyl and 22 other related compounds on its list of controlled substances. It had done so even though fentanyl was not widely abused in China, Wei said, primarily in the spirit of cooperating with the United States and the broader international community.  China and the United States have increased cooperation on drug control in recent years and are holding a bilateral meeting on the issue this week. The DEA opened its second country office in southern Guangzhou in January.  Lance Ho, who heads the DEA s Country Office in Beijing, said the cooperation between the two countries had generated good  momentum  and was focused on improving the real-time sharing of information.   Once China controls a substance it has a dramatic effect on the United States in terms of lives saved,  Ho said.   The U.S. Department of Justice indicted two major Chinese drug traffickers last month on charges of making illegal versions of fentanyl and selling the highly addictive drug to Americans over the internet and through international mail. Wei said it was  regrettable  that the United States decided to announce the case  unilaterally  because it would affect China s ongoing investigations. ",1
15794,New Zealand offer to take 150 refugees could help Australia defuse PNG stand-off,"WELLINGTON/SYDNEY (Reuters) - New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said she would offer to take 150 refugees held by Australia when she meets counterpart Malcolm Turnbull on Sunday, promising Canberra a breather from a stand-off at a Papua New Guinea detention site. For more than three days, about 600 men have barricaded themselves inside in a camp on Manus Island, defying efforts by Australia and Papua New Guinea to shut it, despite having no food or running water.  New Zealand on Friday became the first country to publicly offer to intercede, when Arden said she would offer to take 150 refugees from Australia s two remote Pacific detention centers at the meeting with Turnbull in Sydney.  I expect the situation on Manus Island will be discussed in my meeting with Prime Minister Turnbull on Sunday,  Arden said in an emailed statement.  I intend to reaffirm our offer when we meet.  The offer could present Turnbull with a partial solution to the Manus Island stand-off, which the United Nations this week described as an  unfolding humanitarian emergency . Australia has previously rejected a similar offer by former New Zealand Prime Minister John Key, citing the ability of asylum seekers to freely move to Australia after relocation. New Zealand residents are allowed to live in Australia without visas. But Australia s center-right government is pushing for tough new rules to ban any asylum seekers who arrived by boat after 2013 from ever being allowed into Australia, even as tourists. Mounting criticism has not deterred Australia from its plan to close the Manus Island center, where it detains asylum seekers arriving by boat, as part of its controversial immigration policy, along with another in Nauru. Heavy rains across Papua New Guinea on Thursday helped replenish water storage bins on Manus, but food shortages worry the detainees, many of them from war-torn nations such as Afghanistan, Iran, Myanmar, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Syria. They vowed not to leave, even though many are beginning to feel the ill-effects of going several days without food.  We will never move to another prison,  said one, Behrouz Boochani, a Kurdish journalist from Iran.  We will never settle for anything less than freedom. Only freedom.   ",1
15795,U.N. refugee commissioner says Australia must stop 'unfolding humanitarian crisis' in PNG,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said Australia must take immediate action to stop an  unfolding humanitarian emergency  that sees 600 asylum seekers barricaded inside an abandoned detention center in Papua New Guinea without food or running water. The detainees in the Manus Island Centre have for two days defied attempts by Australia and Papua New Guinea to close the camp, saying they fear violent reprisals from the local community if they are moved to other  transit centers . With food all but exhausted, many of the men are beginning to show the ill-effects of two-days without adequate nourishment, an environment the U.N. refugee commissioner said Australia must urgently resolve with Papua New Guinea.  Australia remains responsible for the well-being of all those moved to Papua New Guinea until adequate, long-term solutions outside the country are found,  the U.N. body said in a statement on Thursday. The Manus center has been a key part of Australia s controversial  Sovereign Borders  immigration policy, which refuses to allow asylum seekers arriving by boat to reach its shores, detaining them in camps in Papua New Guinea and Nauru in the South Pacific. The United Nations and rights groups have for years cited human rights abuses among detainees in the centers. Papua New Guinea s High Court ruled last year that the Manus center, first opened in 2001, was illegal and the camp was scheduled to close on Oct. 31, when security staff withdrew. The 600 men in the camp have no water and power after utilities to the camp were cut off on Wednesday. Desperate to source alternative supplies, dozens of men worked during the night, using wooden poles to dig deep holes to find water, using torches to light their task, photos supplied to Reuters showed. Without running water, advocates fear a rapid decline in sanitary conditions of the camp.  Behrouz Boochani, a Kurdish journalist from Iran, said the men were not on a hunger strike and called on the Red Cross and Medicines Sans Frontiers (MSF) to provide help.  MSF said in a statement to Reuters that it was  deeply concerned and saddened  and that Australia and Papua New Guinea are responsible for the care to the detainees. Australia has said the men should move to new  transit centers  and has pledged A$250 million ($193 million) worth of food and security for the next 12 months. But the U.N. refugee commissioner said one of the new facilities was still a makeshift camp composed of shipping containers.  Containers are surrounded by mud and do not have electrical or water connections as yet,  it said. The relocation of the men is designed as a temporary measure, allowing the United States time to complete vetting of refugees as part of a refugee swap deal. Those not accepted by the United States have the option of being resettled in Papua New Guinea, but none wish to stay, or another developing country. Lawyers for the detainees have filed a suit in Papua New Guinea s Supreme Court to prevent the Manus camp s closure and for services to be returned. A ruling is expected later on Thursday, although it has been delayed for more than two days already. Most of the detainees come from war-torn countries such as Afghanistan, Iran, Myanmar, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Syria. ",1
15796,U.S. draft U.N. resolution seeks extension of Syria chemical probe,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States has circulated a draft U.N. Security Council resolution that would extend by two years the mandate of an international inquiry into chemical weapons attacks in Syria, after Russia vetoed an extension last week. The U.S. draft, which was seen by Reuters on Thursday, says Syria must not develop or produce chemical weapons, and it calls on all parties in Syria to provide full cooperation with the international probe. The investigation by the United Nations and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons - known as the Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM) - was unanimously created by the 15-member Security Council in 2015 and renewed in 2016 for another year. Its mandate is due to expire in mid-November. The JIM found that the Syrian government of Bashar al-Assad was to blame for a chemical attack on the opposition-held town of Khan Sheikhoun that killed dozens of people in April, according to a report sent to the Security Council on Oct. 26. Two days earlier, Russia vetoed a renewal of the JIM mandate after it was unsuccessful in getting the Security Council to postpone the vote. U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia said Russia wanted to discuss the Khan Sheikhoun report before the vote. Russia, whose air force and special forces have been supporting the Syrian army, says there is no evidence to show Damascus was responsible for the attack. It maintains that the chemicals that killed civilians belonged to rebels, not Assad s government. [nL8N1N86I0] On Wednesday, the United States admonished Russia for its veto. [nL2N1N805Y]  Russia s attempts to undermine and eliminate the JIM show a callous disregard for the suffering and loss of life caused by the use of chemical weapons and an utter lack of respect for international norms,  the White House said in a statement.  Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson by phone on Thursday it was unacceptable to politicize the work of chemical weapons inspectors in Syria, Russia s foreign ministry said. [nL8N1MP0GI] A Russian draft resolution calls for a six-month extension of the inquiry, with the possibility of further extensions, and asks for investigators to collect environmental samples in connection with the Khan Sheikhoun probe, among other things. In their 14th report since 2011, U.N. investigators said in September they had documented 33 chemical weapons attacks to date. [nL8N1LN29P] Twenty-seven were by the Assad government, including seven between March 1 and July 7. Perpetrators had not been identified yet in six attacks, they said. The Assad government has repeatedly denied using chemical weapons. It said its strikes in Khan Sheikhoun hit a weapons depot belonging to rebel forces, an assertion  excluded  by U.N. Commission of Inquiry on Syria Chairman Paulo Pinheiro. That attack led U.S. President Donald Trump to launch the first U.S. air strikes on a Syrian air base. ",1
15797,Spanish judge orders custody for Catalan leaders pending trial,"MADRID (Reuters) - A Spanish judge ordered nine Catalan secessionist leaders to be held in custody on Thursday pending a potential trial over the region s independence push. The lawyer for ousted Catalan President Carles Puigdemont said a warrant had also been issued for his client s arrest - though the statement was dismissed by a senior official in Spain s High Court. The reason for the differing accounts was not immediately clear. In an short address broadcast by Catalan regional television TV3, Puigdemont called for the release of  the legitimate government of Catalonia , a call echoed by hundreds of people gathered outside the Catalan parliament. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy sacked Puigdemont and his government last week, hours after the Catalan parliament made a unilateral declaration of independence - a vote boycotted by the opposition and declared illegal by Spanish courts. Puigdemont later traveled to Belgium with four associates and ignored an order to appear before the High Court to answer charges of rebellion, sedition and misuse of public funds relating to the region s secessionist drive.  Mr. Puigdemont will stay here. He has said that he will fully cooperate with Belgian authorities during the procedure,  lawyer Paul Bekaert told Belgian state broadcaster VRT.  He said Puigdemont had told him a European arrest warrant has been issued, though the court source said that would most likely happen on Friday. The detention of the secessionist leaders and Puigdemont s flight to Belgium make it difficult for leading figures from the independence movement to stand in a snap election in the wealthy region called by the Spanish government for Dec. 21. Puigdemont said on Tuesday he would go back to Spain only if given unspecified guarantees by the Spanish government. His flight appears to have cost some support for his cause at home.  President, enough is enough,  the influential Catalan newspaper el Peridico, which has been skeptical of the case for independence, said on its front page on Wednesday. Ebelio Ramos, a pensioner from the pro-independence town of Berga said:  I don t know what they re thinking about but when someone does what he did and declares independence and then flees... A president has to fulfill the law and if he doesn t, it is better that he stays calm, because if he starts doing something outside the law, he is going to lose everything.  Following a tumultuous month, attention is gradually turning to the December vote. Protests taking place in central Barcelona on Thursday to support secessionist leaders as they testified in Madrid failed to attract a big crowd. Several hundred people took part in another protest called after the nine leaders were ordered held in custody, many fewer than the hundreds of thousands who staged several demonstrations for independence over the last two months.  Cracks have appeared within the pro-independence coalition of center-right and far-left parties as well as inside Puigdemont s own PdeCat (Democratic Catalan Party) where some of his allies are now pushing for a negotiated solution with the central government. The struggle has divided Catalonia itself and caused deep resentment across the rest of Spain. In Madrid, 20 secessionist leaders had been summoned by two separate courts to testify over their role in holding a banned Oct. 1 referendum on secession and later proclaiming independence from Spain. With Puigdemont and four others in Belgium, only 15 turned up. All the members of the dismissed Catalan cabinet but one declined to answer questions from the state prosecutor and the High Court judge, who opened an investigation that could take several years before any potential trial.  The defendants have played an active role by propelling the carefully designed secessionist process and overcoming all kinds of obstacles that could make them deviate from their final objective,  the judge said in the ruling that sent the defendants to jail. She said the defendants, who could face jail sentences of up to 50 years, must be held in custody because they were a flight risk and could destroy evidence. One of them, Santi Vila, who stepped down from the Catalan cabinet before a unilateral declaration of independence last Friday and has since then been pushing for a negotiated solution with the government, was granted bail of 50,000 euros ($58,300). A lawyer for several of the jailed Catalan leaders said they would appeal against the judge s decision.  The decision to hold them in custody is absolutely disproportionate as we consider the charges of rebellion and sedition lack any ground, no matter how much the prosecution insists on affirming it,  lawyer Jaume Alonso-Cuevillas said. Five senior regional lawmakers and the speaker of the Catalan parliament, Carme Forcadell, were summoned by the Supreme Court, which handles the cases of people who enjoy parliamentary immunity. The Supreme Court agreed on Thursday to give one more week to Forcadell and the Catalan lawmakers to prepare their defense and a new hearing will take place on Nov. 9. The courts have already told the Catalan secessionist leaders to deposit 6.2 million euros ($7.2 million) by Friday to cover potential liabilities. ",1
15798,"Brother of man who killed Jews, soldiers in 2012 France attack jailed for 20 years","PARIS (Reuters) - The brother of a Franco-Algerian gunman who killed four Jews and three soldiers was sentenced to 20 years in jail on Thursday over a killing spree that heralded an era of Islamist-inspired attacks in which hundreds have since died in France. A court in Paris ruled Abdelkader Merah guilty of terrorist offences. He was found to have helped in the preparation of the attacks although he did not participate himself when his younger brother Mohamed Merah shot three Jewish children and one of their parents, and then three soldiers, in Toulouse in 2012. More than 240 people have been killed in France since then, primarily since early 2015. The biggest was a string of Islamist attacks in which gunmen and suicide bombers killed 130 in Paris. Prosecutors had asked the court to sentence Abdelkader Merah to life behind bars, arguing that he was a religious radical who had mentored his younger brother and helped materially, notably in the theft of the scooter used in the killings at the Jewish Ozer Hatorah school in Toulouse, southwestern France. The judge sentenced the defendant to 20 years. A second man, Fettah Malki, was sentenced to 14 years for his role in providing the gun, ammunition and a bullet-proof vest to the attacker.  Mohamed Merah, 24 at the time, was shot dead when he jumped, guns blazing, from the window of an apartment where he was holed up a few days after his killing spree in March 2012. The Merah killings were the first major incident of the kind  since Paris subway bombs attacks in the mid-1990s by Islamist militants linked to the GIA group in Algeria, a former French colony.  Abdelkader Merah denied being involved during a four-week trial where his lawyer demanded acquittal and accused public prosecutors of going after him because they could no longer pursue his brother. For the prosecution, French attorney general Na ma Rudloff said when pleading for a life-sentence that there was no doubt the older brother was guilty and devoted much of his time to mentoring his sibling.  Abdelkader Merah made Mohamed Merah,  she said. At the time of the killings, Interior Minister Claude Gueant said the younger Merah, who had both French and Algerian citizenship, had claimed affiliation with the al Qaeda militant group and said he wanted to avenge Palestinian children. He had been under surveillance by the intelligence service for several years after being identified in Afghanistan. At home in Toulouse he was better known by for his love of soccer, night clubs and motorbikes than any conspicuous religious devotion. ",1
15799,Canada to take in migrants at 'gradual' pace amid integration concerns,"TORONTO (Reuters) - Canada has to take a gradual approach to boosting immigration, with the government concerned about anti-immigrant sentiment and the country s capacity to integrate newcomers, a minister said on Thursday. Canada s new three-year immigration plan, unveiled on Wednesday, will see it increase its immigration intake by 13 percent over three years to help meet the needs of an aging population. But the increase is below that recommended by a government advisory council in 2016, which had wanted the figure to rise by 50 percent over five years.  It s easy to bring somebody in, it s another thing to make sure they succeed in Canada,  Immigration and Refugee Minister Ahmed Hussen said by telephone from Ottawa. Canada s immigration system focuses on bringing in skilled workers, but has struggled to connect them with job opportunities in keeping with their skills and credentials.  The immigration minister, himself a former refugee from Somalia, said bringing newcomers to Canada was only  half of the job,  and that supports were needed to ensure they integrated well into society.     Canada has resettled more than 40,000 Syrian refugees since 2015 and seen more than 15,000 asylum seekers walk across its border with the United States this year, with many saying they fear a U.S. immigration crackdown. Many of the latter group have gone to Quebec, sparking an anti-immigrant backlash in the French-speaking province. The military set up a tent encampment to house asylum seekers while they are processed. Both Hussen and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau say they are wary of anti-immigrant sentiment in Canada.   I think in Canada we re lucky that, broadly speaking, we have support (but) it s not consensus, there are people who oppose immigration,  Hussen said. Canada isn t  some magical place that doesn t have worries about immigration, worries about security, worries about division and intolerant minds,  Trudeau said at a Toronto conference on Thursday. Trudeau made international headlines in January with tweets touting Canada s welcome of refugees, coinciding with U.S. President Donald Trump s first travel ban. But two years after mobilizing the country to bring in Syrians, the Canadian government is dialing down its involvement. About 30 percent of resettled refugees in the next three years will be government-sponsored, compared with 46 percent in the previous three years.  Look, we can t take every refugee from the world,  Hussen said.  What we can do is we can play our part.  Hussen said Canada offered to resettle some of the more than 600,000 Rohingya refugees who have fled their homes in Myanmar for neighboring Bangladesh, but was told by the United Nations High Commission on Refugees that was not necessary. Jean-Nicolas Beuze, the UNHCR s Canadian representative, said the agency is focused on providing for the immediate needs of Rohingya refugees, with an eventual return to their homes in Myanmar as the  best solution.  Canada s three-year immigration plan would see immigration rise by 40,000 to 340,000 people annually in 2020. That is below an increase to 450,000 by 2021 recommended by the advisory council, to offset an aging population and strains on the social safety net. ",1
15800,Serbian foreign minister rejects U.S. call to choose between Russia and the West,"BELGRADE (Reuters) - Serbia wants to maintain its delicate balancing act between Russia and the West, its foreign minister said on Thursday, dismissing U.S. calls for it to pick a side. The largest of the states to emerge from the collapse of Yugoslavia in the 1990s, Orthodox Christian and Slavic Serbia has natural affinity with Moscow, but it is keen to join the European Union. This month, U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary for European and Eurasian Affairs Hoyt Brian Yee told Belgrade it  cannot sit on two chairs at the same time . His remarks sparked sharp criticism in the Serbian capital. Foreign Minister Ivica Dacic, who heads the co-ruling Socialists, once led by late strongman Slobodan Milosevic, said Belgrade would maintain balance with the West, Russia and China.  What we do not want is that someone pulls our own chair from under us ... what is important is to see what is in our own best interest,  Dacic told Reuters in an interview. Although the EU is Serbia s single largest trade partner and investor, Russia controls its oil and gas supplies. Moscow has also sought to bolster military ties with Belgrade with the donation of six MiG-29 fighter jets. At Serbia s request, Moscow blocked independent Kosovo from becoming a member of the United Nations. The ethnic Albanian-dominated Kosovo declared independence from Serbia in 2008 following a bloody 1998-1999 war. It has been recognized by 115 countries including the United States and most EU members, but not Serbia or Russia. Dacic likened Serbia s opposition to Kosovan independence to Spain s rejection of Catalonia s referendum on secession.  If Spain can fight for its concept of Catalonia then we Serbs can fight for our country,  he said. Serbia, which cherishes Kosovo as its historic birthplace, and the government in Pristina should seek  a win-win solution  and  an international conference  that would prevent future wars  for a century,  Dacic said. Earlier this year he suggested autonomy and delimitation for Serb areas in Kosovo.  That would be the only possible, realistic and lasting ... solution of the problem,  he said in the interview. There are around 120,000 Serbs in Kosovo and most of them, mainly in the north, just outside Serbia, oppose the Pristina authorities. ",1
15801,Exclusive: Trump boosts disaster aid for Puerto Rico rebuild,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday agreed to expand the use of disaster aid to help rebuild Puerto Rico s power grid and other infrastructure wrecked by Hurricane Maria, the White House said. In a unique agreement recognizing both the massive devastation on the island and its dire financial problems, aid from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) for infrastructure projects will be released in a faster, more flexible way than is typical after disasters, a senior White House official told Reuters. The plan, agreed to with Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello, will also provide for third-party advisers to estimate how much money is requires for big-ticket projects, and how it is spent - a provision aimed at protecting taxpayer dollars in what is expected to be a massive, long-term effort to rebuild the island.  We re doing it in a way that grants flexibility, but also imposes a mutually agreed upon set of controls,  the official said in an interview. The new agreement will see FEMA cover 90 percent of the costs for rebuilding public infrastructure, up from the typical level of 75 percent. Puerto Rico - home to 3.4 million Americans - is in bankruptcy, struggling with $72 billion in debt. Its finances were put under federal control last year. Six weeks after Hurricane Maria hit, only about 30 percent of Puerto Rico s power grid has been restored. Private sector estimates of total damage from Maria have ranged as high as $95 billion. The White House is expected to deliver a new request for disaster aid to the U.S. Congress in mid-November to help defray costs from Maria and two other major hurricanes - Harvey and Irma - as well as damage caused by wildfires in the western United States. It is not yet clear how big the federal tab for Puerto Rico will be.  Obviously it s going to be a big dollar figure,  the official said.  I know there won t be any balking at the amount of money needed from the administration.  Even with FEMA covering 90 percent of the costs, it could be difficult for the territorial government to put up its 10 percent. On top of its fiscal constraints, the storm has ground its economy - and tax revenues - to a halt. The federal government provided a $150 million loan in an aid package approved by Congress last month that can be used to help cover its share, the official said.          We didn t want to create the precedent of giving 100 percent in the grant program and then disincentivizing good stewardship,  the official said. The federal government will also use relatively new procedures created in 2013 after Hurricane Sandy known as  Section 428  in the Stafford Act, the law that provides for federal disaster aid.  It s not been used on this scale before,  the official said. The procedures will allow Puerto Rico to estimate the costs of big projects up front - with help from third-party advisers - and draw down from approved grants, eliminating the slow and cumbersome process of being reimbursed for upfront spending on each segment. The agreement will also allow Puerto Rico to access hazard mitigation grants - normally tapped only outside of disasters - while rebuilding the creaky power grid and other infrastructure so that the structures are more resilient to future hurricanes.  We re going to build them back smarter,  the official said. ",1
15802,Spanish judge has yet to issue arrest warrant for Puigdemont: court source,"MADRID (Reuters) - A Spanish judge has not yet issued a European arrest warrant for ousted Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont and would most likely do so on Friday, a senior court source said on Thursday. Puigdemont s Belgian lawyer had previously said the warrant had already been issued. The reason for the differing accounts was not immediately clear. ",1
15803,"A century on, UK's Jewish homeland declaration stirs celebration and mourning in Middle East","LONDON/JERUSALEM (Reuters) - In a 67-word statement composed 100 years ago, Britain endorsed the establishment of a Jewish homeland in the Middle East, triggering a process that would culminate in the creation of Israel - and with it one of the world s most intractable conflicts. On Thursday, British and Israeli leaders commemorated the centenary of that statement, known as the Balfour Declaration after the foreign minister who penned it, with a banquet in the gilded halls of London s Lancaster House mansion. But as Prime Minister Theresa May and Israel s Benjamin Netanyahu dine, protesters gathered to demand that Britain acknowledge the suffering they say the declaration has caused to Palestinian people, and recognize their claim to statehood.   The reason it is getting so much attention is because the conflict which it launched ... is still very much in existence and there is a sense, particularly on the Palestinian side, of continuing injustice,  said Ian Black, an academic at the London School of Economics.  It really is an issue which is alive and toxic and bitterly divisive.  While Israel reveres Arthur Balfour, naming streets and a Tel Aviv school after him, Palestinians decry his declaration as a promise by Britain to hand over land it did not own. The contested declaration is at the root of the Israeli-Palestinian territorial conflict which, after several wars and  decades of international diplomacy, remains unsettled. Marches, each drawing about 1,000 demonstrators, were held in the West Bank cities of Ramallah and Nablus and in Gaza, a modest turnout for political protests in those areas. Protesters waved Palestinian flags and held banners demanding Britain rectify its  historical sin . In Gaza, Ahmed Helles, a senior official from President Mahmoud Abbas s Fatah movement, said:  Britain should feel ashamed and stigmatized because of this promise and not hold celebrations.  Netanyahu met May and foreign minister Boris Johnson separately before the dinner, which was also attended by U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross and other high profile guests.  Sadly, Balfour remains unfinished business   as his fundamental vision of peaceful co-existence has not yet been fulfilled,  May said at the dinner according to a copy of her speech distributed by her office.  I believe it demands of us today a renewed resolve to support a lasting peace that is in the interests of both Israelis and Palestinians   and in the interests of us all.  Britain held Palestine, which had been under Ottoman Turkish rule, from 1922 until after the end of World War Two. Israel declared independence in 1948, at the end of British Mandatory rule and after the U.N. General Assembly voted in 1947 in favor of a plan, rejected by Palestinian representatives, to partition Palestine into an Arab state and a Jewish state. The ensuing regional conflict, played out over a series of  wars fought along Arab-Israeli lines, has left the Palestinians seeking to establish an independent state in territories captured by Israel in the 1967 Middle East war. Thursday s commemoration, culminating in the dinner hosted by descendants of Balfour and of the recipient of his declaration, Jewish community leader Walter Rothschild, required Britain to strike a delicate diplomatic balance. Britain regards Israel as a close and important ally and supports international efforts to find a peaceful solution that results in separate Israeli and Palestinian states. Attempting to strike the right balance, Johnson on Monday praised the declaration for helping to create a  great nation , but he also said the spirit of the declaration had not been fully realized. He was referring to a clause in the document which said nothing should prejudice the civil and religious rights of existing non-Jewish communities. Israel has traditionally focused less on that clause and more on the declaration s landmark endorsement of a Jewish homeland, and plans to celebrate the anniversary. The Israeli parliament will hold a special commemorative session next week.   While the state would not have arisen without settlement, sacrifice and a willingness to fight for it, the international impetus was undoubtedly the Balfour Declaration,  Netanyahu told a meeting of his cabinet ahead of his visit to London. Israel does not oppose international efforts to make peace, but says - as do international sponsors - that a solution cannot be imposed and should stem from talks between the two parties. Some Arab lawmakers in the Israeli parliament said they would boycott the celebrations, and protests were planned across several days in London by organizations pledging solidarity with the Palestinians. Earlier this week Abbas used an article in Britain s Guardian newspaper to reiterate calls for the British government to acknowledge the declaration as a mistake.  The creation of a homeland for one people resulted in the dispossession and continuing persecution of another   now a deep imbalance between occupier and occupied,  he wrote.   The balance must be redressed, and Britain bears a great deal of responsibility in leading the way.  Britain has refused Palestinian demands for an apology and does not recognize Palestine as a state. Johnson said on Monday Britain would be willing to offer recognition, but wanted to time it to give maximum impetus to peace efforts. ",1
15804,U.S. bombers flew over South Korea's Pilsung Range in drill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two U.S. B-1B bombers flew through South Korean airspace and over the country s Pilsung Range on the latest exercise there on Thursday, Air Force spokeswoman Captain Victoria Hight said, offering additional details about the drill. The Air Force said in a previous statement that the drill took place  in the vicinity of the Korean peninsula,  without providing specific locations. It said Japanese and South Korean fighter jets carried out a sequenced mission with the U.S. bombers. ",1
15805,Syrian army takes full control of Deir al-Zor from Islamic State: observatory,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian army and its allies have taken full control of Deir al-Zor city from Islamic State, the largest and most important city in eastern Syria, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Thursday. There was no immediate comment from Syrian state media, but a commander in a military alliance fighting in support of Damascus said that while advances had been made, some IS-held pockets still remained in the city. The Syrian army launched its attack against Islamic State there in September, backed by Russian air strikes and fighting alongside Iran-backed militias and the Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah. The Islamist group had held most of the city since 2014, except for one large pocket where Syrian army troops and 93,000 civilians had been holed up for three years. The provincial capital is located on the western side of the Euphrates River. The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), backed by the U.S.-led coalition, launched their own attack on Islamic State in the province in September, advancing along the eastern side of the river. The city s strategic significance for Islamic State stemmed from its location near the Iraqi border, where the group also controlled territory, as well as its importance as the oil-producing province s capital. The recovery of the eastern province s capital underscores President Bashar al Assad s re-established control over the eastern part of Syria. As the army has pushed east in recent months, oil and gas fields have once more fallen to the government, as well as to the SDF. Islamic State still controls parts of Deir al-Zor province, its territory extending across the border to neighboring Iraq where Iraqi forces are waging a separate offensive against the militant group. The Islamist group also controls a small pocket in Hama province in western Syria, and a besieged enclave south of Damascus where it is fighting rebel factions. The Syrian army is also advancing on Albu Kamal city in Deir al-Zor province, located on the Iraqi-Syrian border. Russian bombers struck Islamic State targets in the border town on Thursday, RIA news agency reported. ",1
15806,North Korea says U.S. bombers staged 'surprise' strike drill on Thursday: KCNA,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea said U.S. B-1B bombers flew over the Korean Peninsula on Thursday and carried out bombing drills simulating attacks on major targets in the country, the North s official KCNA news agency said on Friday. The strategic bombers, escorted by U.S. and South Korean fighter jets, flew from the Anderson Air Force Base in Guam, to conduct a  surprise  strike drill, the KCNA said. There was no immediate confirmation from the U.S. and South Korean militaries. ",1
15807,"Pope, at U.S. military cemetery, makes emotional anti-war address","ROME (Reuters) - Pope Francis made one of his most emotional anti-war addresses on Thursday, saying during a visit to a U.S. military cemetery that the world seemed to be headed into war perhaps bigger than any before. Francis said a Mass for several thousand people at the Sicily-Rome American Cemetery in the town of Nettuno, south of the Italian capital, on the day Roman Catholics commemorate their dead.  The burial ground is the final resting place for 7,860 American soldiers who died in the liberation of southern Italy and Rome in 1943 and 1944. He walked slowly and alone amid the rows of low white headstones in the shape of crosses and Stars of David, gently resting a white rose on about a dozen and stopping to pray silently before saying the Mass.  Please Lord, stop. No more wars. No more of these useless massacres,  he said, speaking in hushed tones in an improvised homily. Francis said that remembering the many young people who died in World War Two was even more important  today that the world once more is at war and is preparing to go even more forcefully into war.  He did not elaborate but appeared to be referring to the possibility of nuclear war. As tensions between the United States and North Korea have increased in recent months, Francis has warned that a nuclear conflict would destroy a good part of humanity. Last April, he said a third country should try to mediate the dispute between Pyongyang and Washington to cool a situation that had become  too hot . U.S. President Donald Trump, who has said North Korea  will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen  if it threatened the United States, will visit South Korea as part of a trip to Asia that starts on Friday. While Trump is in Asia, the pope will be hosting an international seminar at the Vatican that will urge the banning of nuclear weapons. The cemetery Mass was attended by U.S. Ambassador to Italy Lewis Eisenberg and the acting U.S. ambassador to the Vatican, Louis Bono.  If today is a day of hope, it is also a day of tears,  the pope said.  Humanity must not forget  the tears of mothers and wives who lost husbands and sons in past wars.  Humanity has not learned the lesson and seems that it does not want to learn it,  he said, asking for prayers for the victims of today s conflicts, especially children. On his way back to the Vatican, Francis stopped to pray at the Ardeatine Caves, where in March, 1944 occupying Nazis killed 335 Italian men and boys as a reprisal for the killing of 33 German policemen by partisans. They were all shot in the back of the neck. The Germans blew up the caves in a vain attempt to try to hide the massacre.     Seventy-five of the victims were Jews. He and Rome s chief rabbi, Riccardo Di Segni, each read a prayer. After walking past the tombs in the still dark caves, the pope wrote in the visitors  book:  This is the fruit of war: hate, death, vendetta. Forgive us Lord .         (This version of the story was corrected to make clear that visits to cemetery and massacre site were separate events by moving original paragraph 8 to the bottom of the story) ",1
15808,Weak international solidarity pushing up numbers of displaced: U.N.,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - About 66 million people are forcibly displaced worldwide and weak international cooperation and solidarity are behind the rising numbers, the U.N. high commissioner for refugees, Filippo Grandi, said on Thursday. Grandi, speaking to the United Nations Security Council, said the number of displaced is up from 42 million in 2009, the last time one of his predecessors addressed the 15-member group.  The sharp rise in forced displacement reflects weaknesses in international cooperation and declining capacity to prevent, contain and resolve conflicts,  Grandi said. The ongoing conflict in Syria and violence in Iraq account for about a fourth of those currently displaced, Grandi said, adding that a combination of poverty, lack of development, environmental degradation, inequality and persecution combine in poorly governed parts of the world to trigger more crises. He highlighted the importance of the U.N. s peace-keeping missions, whose role he called  critical.  Grandi criticized countries with closed borders and hurdles to asylum access and said some are  often those least impacted by refugee flows, and often wealthy.  Last month, Grandi singled out Europe, the United States, and Australia for increasingly unwelcoming policies. [nL8N1MD24C]  Many refugee-hosting states, particularly those neighboring conflict zones, keep their borders open and generously host thousands   sometimes millions   of refugees,  he said. Grandi asked the Security Council to find political solutions that could prevent even more people from being displaced.  They, the uprooted people,  Grandi said,  are counting on your leadership to help deliver those solutions.   ",1
15809,Libya considering UK extradition request for Manchester bomber's brother,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libyan authorities are processing a request from Britain to extradite the brother of the bomber who killed 22 people in Manchester in May, but no decision has been taken yet, a government spokesman said on Thursday. The armed group holding the brother said that if the attorney general s office agreed to the request, the force would be  ready for the next step . Salman Abedi, a 22-year-old Briton born to Libyan parents, blew himself up at the end of a show by U.S. singer Ariana Grande in the deadliest militant attack in Britain for 12 years. His victims included seven children. More than 500 people were injured. On Wednesday, British police said they had issued an arrest warrant for his brother, Hashem Abedi, for murder, attempted murder and conspiracy to cause an explosion, and prosecutors had asked Libya to extradite him.  An official request has been received through the Libyan ministry of foreign affairs and the Libyan authorities are cooperating to process (the request) in accordance with Libyan legal procedures,  said Hassan al-Houni, a spokesman for the internationally recognized government in Tripoli.   No decision has been taken yet.  Days after the attack, the Special Deterrence Force (Rada), a counter-terrorism and anti-crime group aligned with the government, arrested Hashem Abedi and the brothers  father Ramadan. The father was released in August. Various armed factions in Tripoli have aligned themselves with the government, some with semi-official status for law enforcement. However, the government, which struggles to impose its authority, has limited power over them. Rada initially said it would not extradite Hashem, but then said it was ready to cooperate.  If there is agreement between the attorney general and the British authorities, we are ready for the next step,  spokesman Ahmad Ben Salim said. The Libyan attorney general s office could not be reached for comment. Islamic State said it was responsible in the immediate aftermath of the bombing but security services have always treated the claim with scepticism. In June, Rada said Hashem Abedi had told them his brother had been radicalised in Britain in 2015. They had both flown from Britain to Libya in April and Hashem said he had helped buy the equipment necessary for the attack although he had not known that Salman was planning a bombing, Rada said. British police say Salman Abedi returned to Manchester on May 18, four days before his attack. The family had emigrated to Britain during the rule of the late Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. The brothers  parents returned to Libya during the 2011 revolution. Police have previously said they believed Salman Abedi had built the bomb himself and CCTV showed him buying nuts from a hardware store that were used as shrapnel as well as the tin that was believed to contain the explosives. ",1
15810,U.S. lawmakers target Myanmar military with new sanctions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers proposed targeted sanctions and travel restrictions on Myanmar military officials on Thursday over the treatment of the country s Rohingya Muslim minority, one of the strongest efforts yet for Washington to intervene in the humanitarian crisis. Introduced the day before Republican Donald Trump leaves on his first trip to Asia as president, the legislation would reimpose some sanctions lifted last year as Myanmar returned to democracy. It also would bar the United States from supplying most assistance to the country s military until perpetrators of atrocities against the Rohingya are held accountable. The measure does not target Burmese leader Aung San Suu Kyi, head of Myanmar s civilian-led government and a Nobel peace laureate who still enjoys strong support among some U.S. officials. But congressional aides said it is intended to underscore a strong desire among many members of Congress for her to do more to help the Rohingya. The legislation is sponsored by lawmakers including the Republican Senate Armed Services Committee chairman John McCain, and Senator Ben Cardin, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.  This bill will allow Congress to strengthen the president s hand by making it clear to Burmese officials that there will be consequences for their crimes against humanity,  Cardin said in a statement. Among other things, it re-imposes a ban on jade and rubies from Myanmar and requires a report on which individuals should be subjected to sanctions, and instructs the U.S. Treasury Department not to support international financial assistance programs that partner with enterprises owned by the Myanmar military. A companion bill is also being introduced in the House of Representatives. That measure is also bipartisan, led by Representative Eliot Engel, the top Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, and Republican Representative Steve Chabot, another foreign affairs panel member. Members of Congress have been clamoring for a strong response to the plight of the Rohingya, and the Trump administration has been weighing labeling their treatment  ethnic cleansing.   The State Department announced on Thursday that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson would accompany Trump on his trip to Asia, and also stop in Myanmar. More than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled Rakhine state in Buddhist-majority Myanmar since security forces responded to Rohingya militants  attacks in August with a crackdown that has included reports of burnt villages and widespread killings. The United Nations has denounced it as a classic example of ethnic cleansing. ",1
15811,A Picture and its Story: Reaching out to rescue a Rohingya woman,"PALONG KHALI, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Hannah McKay was on her first foreign assignment, just three months after joining Reuters, photographing Rohingya Muslims in refugee camps in Bangladesh. Then she and other photographers heard around 5,000 more people were heading to the area, trying to find their way across the border from neighbouring Myanmar. Here is her account of what happened next:  We were standing, looking out over paddy fields and grasslands   lots of water and one thin path leading to the border with Myanmar.   In the distance we could see a huge group of people. But they weren t moving. It was 4 o clock in the afternoon with only two hours left of daylight. So we decided to move towards them.   It took us about an hour along the muddy path, meeting border guards and persuading them to let us pass. Then we saw thousands of refugees just sitting there, with more Bangladeshi border guards telling us to go back.  We could see something was going on behind the crowd. So we waited for an opportunity to move closer, and that s when we saw them.   The crowd was sitting on a riverbank and behind them, about three meters below, in the river itself, there were just hundreds of refugees coming across every minute. It was non-stop. There was no end to the people. People carrying babies. Elderly people being escorted through the water and mud, more than knee-deep.  And we were just photographing everyone coming towards us.   Then this woman appeared. She got to the point where she needed to get up to the footpath where we were. But she was just exhausted. She didn t have anything left to get herself up. Two refugee men on her level were trying to push her up, which was when we reached out to help. Another Reuters photographer, Adnan Abidi, took a hand. Another photographer took another and I got her leg when she got within range. It was a case of dragging her.  She lay there for a few minutes and then, I have no idea what happened to her. There were so many people around and it was chaos.  We decided to get down into the river to get a different view. And it was so difficult   even for us who had some energy to spare. All the people around us had been walking for days. When I got back to the bank, I found I had nothing to hold onto, with two cameras weighing me down. That s when two refugee men reached out with their hands and pulled me on to the bank. I kept saying  Thank You , but they didn t understand.  It was overwhelming and made me think of the woman we had pulled out.   You are there trying to do your job with a camera in your hand. And then your heart overrules your head. I had been in the camps, where everything was quite settled. But then I saw the real chaos and the refugees  desperate situation. You hear about it. But seeing it is a completely different thing.  Related photo at reut.rs/2yp96R4 ",1
15812,Russia tells U.S.: Unacceptable to politicize chemical weapons inspections in Syria,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson by phone on Thursday it was unacceptable to politicize the work of chemical weapons inspectors in Syria, Russia s foreign ministry said. Russia earlier set out why it disputed U.N. and Western accusations that the Syrian government had been behind a deadly chemical attack on the opposition-held town of Khan Sheikhoun in April that killed dozens. ",1
15813,Factbox: Belgian procedures for executing a European arrest warrant,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - According to Spanish media, a judge issued a European arrest warrant for ousted Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont on Thursday after he defied a court order to appear at a hearing earlier that day.  The European arrest warrant system in place since 2004 makes it easier for EU countries to demand the extradition from other EU states of people wanted for crimes, and removes political decision-making from the process. EU countries issue thousands of the warrants each year. Belgium follows a series of procedural steps for extradition under the European arrest warrant: - After the suspect wanted by another country is detained by police, he is questioned by a judge within 24 hours, who determines whether the formalities for the extradition request have been fulfilled. The defendant can agree to the extradition immediately. If not, the judge can set bail and order him to be detained. - A European arrest warrant can be blocked for several reasons in Belgium, but most are procedural in nature such as when the crime in question would be past the statute of limitations in Belgium or has already been ruled on in another country. - There is also an exception on human rights grounds, when extradition would harm the fundamental rights of the defendant. - The court has to decide within 15 days on whether there are sufficient reasons to stay the extradition. There are several possibilities to appeal, but in each case with a time limit of 15 days. - Belgian authorities have to inform their European counterparts if a European arrest warrant cannot be executed after 90 days. - The European arrest warrant procedure can be halted by applying for political asylum. However nearly all applications by EU citizens in Belgium have been rejected within five days, law professor Dirk Vanheule told Reuters earlier this week. - Even if the extradition has been cleared by a judge, the order can still be halted over  serious humanitarian reasons  such as the defendant s life or health being endangered by the move. ",1
15814,Iraqi forces capture Akkas gas field from Islamic State: minister,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces captured the Akkas gas field from Islamic State on Thursday, Oil Minister Jabar al-Luaibi told reporters in Baghdad. Iraqi forces launched an offensive last month to oust the militant group from the last area still under its control in Iraq, on the border with Syria, where the field is located. The field hasn t entered production yet. Akkas, which has reserves of 5.6 trillion cubic feet, is operated by Korea Gas Company (KOGAS) and located in western Anbar province near the Syrian border. Development of Iraq s Akkas gas field had been delayed after Islamic State seized large territories in Anbar in May 2014. KOGAS halted operations after multiple attacks by militants against the company s sites in the field. Iraqi oil ministry officials said they plan to send a crew to Akkas to assess damages to the field s energy facilities.  We will make a field visit to write a report about the damages and what we need to bring back the field online as soon as possible,  said engineer Mohammed Ibrahim who is a member of an oil ministry team supervising Akkas. Iraq is planning to contact KOGAS soon to start preparations to resume development works at the field, said Ibrahim.  Security forces are working to clean Akkas from landmines and booby-traps that might be left by Daesh,  said Colonel Saad Hardan from Anbar police. ",1
15815,"After air strike, Israeli minister warns against arms shipments to Hezbollah","JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A senior Israeli minister on Thursday declined to comment on reports that Israeli aircraft had struck a target in Syria the night before but repeated a threat to hit arms shipments to Lebanese Hezbollah guerrillas. The air strike targeted a factory south of the Syrian city of Homs on Wednesday night and the Syrian army responded by firing a surface-to-air missile at the aircraft, a commander in a military alliance fighting in support of Damascus said. An Israeli military spokeswoman declined to comment, but Israel s Channel 10 said the aircraft were not hit and returned safely to base.  I can t, of course, relate to reports about the Israel Defence Forces  attack in Syria, but regardless, Israel s position is clear: Smuggling arms to Hezbollah is a red line in our eyes,  Intelligence Minister Israel Katz told Army Radio. Syria s Foreign Ministry called on the United Nations Security Council to condemn Israel s attack, state-run SANA news agency reported. The Foreign Ministry asked the Security Council to take  strict and immediate  measures to stop such Israeli attacks, it said, adding that the strike hit a copper factory in the industrial town of Hisya, 35 km (21 miles) south of Homs and 112 km (70 miles) north of Damascus. The statement did not give details of any casualties. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a Britain-based organization that reports on the war, said the air strike had targeted a military installation.  Israel has acted in the past and it will act in the future to prevent arms smuggling to Hezbollah according to intelligence information that we will have,  said Katz, who is a member of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu s inner circle of ministers. He said Israel s  red line  was  against arms smuggling (and) also against Iran s consolidation in Syria  and that it was  prepared to act to deter against our responses.   I think the other side also understands this clearly and actions that took place in the past for which we did take responsibility, were actions that were according to these lines, these red lines,  Katz added. The Israeli air force says it has struck arms convoys of the Syrian military and its Lebanese ally, the Iran-backed Hezbollah, nearly 100 times in recent years. Israeli officials have expressed alarm at Iranian influence in Syria, where Iran-backed groups have played a critical role fighting in support of President Bashar al-Assad during the conflict that erupted in 2011. Iran s military chief, General Mohammad Baqeri, warned Israel against breaching Syrian airspace and territory during a visit to Damascus last month. Tensions between Israel and Hezbollah, which last fought a major conflict in 2006, have escalated this year. Each side has warned it will unleash devastating firepower in the event of a full-scale war. ",1
15816,Kenya's nurses call off their strike as lecturers take action,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Nurses in Kenya have ended a five-month-old strike over delays to agreed wage rises, a union official said on Thursday, just as university lecturers began a similar action over their pay and benefits. The nurses  strike had brought health services to a halt in many parts of the country, with patients being sent away from some government-run hospitals. Their pay deal was meant to have been approved in June by the union, the national government and county governments, but the state commission that advises on public sector pay rejected it shortly afterwards.  We have asked all nurses to resume duty latest by Friday,  union head Seth Panyako told Reuters, adding that an agreement had been reached with the government. Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta won a second term in a re-run election on Oct. 26 after his initial victory in August was nullified by the electoral commission because of procedural irregularities. Panyako said a collective bargaining agreement would be signed in 30 days  time. Kenyan public servants often strike over pay inequalities. The country s members of parliament are among the world s most well-paid, taking home around 1.2 million shillings  ($11,577.42) per month, including allowances, says Justine Musila of the parliamentary watchdog website Mzalendo. In contrast, basic salaries for lecturers at public universities range from 69,000 shillings to 200,000 shillings each month, before allowances. A newly-qualified doctor typically earns about 156,000 shillings a month.     On Thursday, lecturers also launched a strike to protest against what they described as the government s continued failure to implement a deal signed in March to boost salaries and housing allowances. That pact, which provided for a pay hike of 17.5 percent and an increase of 3.9 percent in housing allowances, ended a previous 54-day strike over pay that also affected the more than half a million students in Kenya s 31 public universities.   All academic staff at the 31 public universities are on strike from November 1,  Constantine Wasonga, secretary general of the University Academic Staff Union, said in a statement seen by Reuters on Thursday.  The strike remains in force until the collective bargaining agreement is implemented in total.  ",1
15817,Iceland's president asks leftist opposition leader to form new government,"REYKJAVIK (Reuters) - Iceland s president asked the leader of the Left-Green Movement, Katrin Jakobsdottir, on Thursday to form a new government, although it came second in Saturday s parliamentary election. The mandate deals a blow to Prime Minister Bjarni Benediktsson of the Independence Party who called the snap election in September after less than a year in office as a scandal involving his father prompted a government ally to drop out of his ruling coalition.  The Nordic island of 340,000 people, one of the countries hit hardest by the 2008 financial crisis, has seen an economic rebound spurred by a tourism boom. But a string of political scandals have hurt trust in government in recent years.  The election result showed a Left-Green-led coalition was possible if they joined forces with the Social Democrats, the Progressive Party and the Pirate Party. Together, they would hold 32 of parliament s 63 seats. Jakobsdottir s has said she may try to form a broad-based government.  The Independence Party, which has dominated Icelandic politics for decades, fell short of a parliamentary majority. (This version of the story corrects the prime minister s first name in paragraph 2 to Bjarni, not Bjarne) ",1
15818,"Fighting Israel's foes in U.S. courts, lawyer had help from Mossad","JERUSALEM (Reuters) - An Israeli lawyer has shed light in a new book on the role the Mossad intelligence agency has played in U.S. litigation she pursues against the international financing of Israel s enemies. Nitsana Darshan-Leitner, an Orthodox Jewish mother of six, heads the not-for-profit Shurat HaDin-Israel Law Center, which has named Palestinian authorities, Iran, Lebanon s Hezbollah and North Korea as defendants in lawsuits it has brought. Many of the cases were heard in U.S. courtrooms, either because victims of Palestinian shootings and bombings or Hezbollah rockets held American citizenship, or to target suspected militant funds held in banks in the United States. Titled  Harpoon  after the codename of the Mossad finance-tracking unit Darshan-Leitner worked with, the book lays out how Israel targets foes  bank accounts as well as arsenals.  In the closest that the secretive Mossad can come to a public endorsement, its former director provided praise for the book on its cover. Darshan-Leitner, who mostly is engaged by private citizens, said that after her law center began suing Palestinians over attacks during a revolt that they launched in 2000, she was invited to Mossad headquarters for a consultation.  I explained to them what we do, how and where lawsuits are filed, what evidence and jurisdiction is required, the general rules,  she told Reuters.  Their response was: What do we have to do to file more lawsuits? What do you need?  That, Darshan-Leitner said, evolved into regular briefings, held in quiet cafes, where she would get tip-offs about suspect finances to focus on during the U.S. courts  discovery hearings.  Her Harpoon interlocutors, she said, have never given her documents that might betray the sources of their information:   They recited all the data from memory. It was pretty amazing.  At times, the materials were turned into formal affidavits, filed in the name of Israel s government, said Darshan-Leitner, adding that her role in Harpoon was as an unpaid volunteer. Among cases to which she credits the cooperation are a $655 million judgment in New York against Palestinian authorities in 2015 and the disbanding of a planned 2011 activist flotilla to Gaza, after insurers were warned that they could be criminally liable for the bid to challenge Israel s blockade. The former verdict was voided, in a decision now being appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court, and the latter had no clear financial gain so no payout was sought. Darshan-Leitner said that around 10 percent of $2 billion worth of U.S judgments in her favor have been paid.  That suggests that Israel also sees the litigation as a way to score points against its adversaries in the court of public opinion.  The struggle itself is very important, as it gives the victims a sense of vindication and puts pressure on the countries (being sued),  Darshan-Leitner said.   Harpoon  was submitted, in accordance with Israeli law, to military censors who, Darshan-Leitner said, cut a fifth of the text to suppress some details about intelligence methods and personnel.  ",1
15819,Libyan force ready to cooperate on UK extradition request for bomber's brother: spokesman,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - The Libyan force holding the brother of the brother of the bomber who killed 22 people in Manchester in May is ready to cooperate on a British extradition request if it is approved by the attorney general, a spokesman said on Thursday.  If there is agreement between the attorney general and the British authorities, we are ready for the next step,  said Ahmad Ben Salim, a spokesman for the Special Deterrence Force (Rada), a counter-terrorism group aligned with the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli. Ben Salim said earlier the group was not prepared to extradite Hashem Abedi, brother of bomber Salman Abedi. ",1
15820,EU lawmakers see little progress in Sri Lanka rights reforms,"COLOMBO (Reuters) - European lawmakers said on Thursday they were disappointed about Sri Lanka s slow roll-out of human rights reforms that the island nation had promised in exchange for trade concessions. The European Union reinstated concessions on a series of products in May - after Sri Lanka said it would ratify 27 international conventions on rights, labor conditions, the environment and governance. The island s key garments industry benefited the most from the duty reductions and other allowances offered by the EU s Generalised Scheme of Preferences Plus scheme. But a European Parliament delegation said they had seen little progress more than five months after the agreement. There was no immediate comment from the government.  It was noted that a number of important issues remain pending, in particular the revision of the Prevention of Terrorism Act on which the Prime Minister and other senior figures had given their personal assurances,  the EU delegation said in a statement. The United Nations has said Sri Lanka s current terrorism legislation allows the torture of detainees. Sri Lanka originally lost the EU concession in 2010 after then-president Mahinda Rajapaksa rejected demands from the international community to address human rights abuses allegedly committed during a 2009 offensive to crush a Tamil insurgency. Rajapaksa was ousted in January last year, and the EU agreed to reinstate the concessions after a new administration, led by President Maithripala Sirisena, promised to make changes. The garments industry is Sri Lanka s second biggest hard currency earner after remittances.  It boasts annual exports of around $5 billion and produces goods for Victoria s Secret, Tommy Hilfiger, Nike, Marks & Spencer and other well known brands. ",1
15821,German police hunt shooter after man killed in Bremen,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Police in the northern German city of Bremen said they had opened a murder investigation and were still seeking the suspected killer after a man who was shot in a supermarket on Thursday subsequently died of his wounds. In a statement, Bremen police said the killing of the 25-year-old man was not being treated as a terrorist incident and that they were still seeking the alleged killer, who appeared to have been known to his victim.  Initial indications are that the perpetrator and the victim knew each other,  they said.  The police have interviewed witnesses and continue to carry out urgent investigations.      ",1
15822,Spanish judge orders Catalan leaders to be held in custody pending trial,"MADRID (Reuters) - A Spanish judge on Thursday said she had ordered nine Catalan leaders, including former regional vice-president Oriol Junqueras, to be remanded in custody pending an investigation into Catalonia s independence push and a potential trial. One of them, Santi Vila, who stepped down from the Catalan cabinet before a unilateral declaration of independence last Friday and has since then been pushing for a negotiated solution with the government, was granted bail of 50,000 euros ($58,300). ",1
15823,Pressure mounts on Merkel over migrant policy in future coalition,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany has lost track of 30,000 rejected asylum seekers, Bild daily reported on Thursday, piling pressure on Chancellor Angela Merkel to agree a migrant policy with potential coalition partners that ensures no repeat of a migration crisis in 2015. The paper said migrants were on a December 2016 list of people due to leave the country and quoted an interior ministry spokesman as saying they could not rule out that some  had already left or disappeared without the relevant authorities knowing . One commentator at Bild, which has run a campaign to speed up deportations of failed asylum seekers, wrote:  No wonder many people are worried and unsettled. They ask:  Can the state protect me?  Politicians must take this insecurity seriously.  The report, coinciding with official data showing the number of people seeking refuge in Germany more than doubled in the two years until the end of 2016 to 1.6 million, comes amid warnings that courts are overburdened by the sheer volume of applications. Voters punished Merkel for her open-door policy in a September election, with her conservatives suffering heavy losses to the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD), and migration policy now tops the agenda in coalition talks. Her conservative bloc has tried to paper over internal divisions on migrant policy but is still at odds with the Free Democrats (FDP) and especially the Greens with whom they want to rule. Plans to discuss the issue on Thursday were delayed. Points of contention include to what extent family members should be allowed to join asylum seekers in Germany and putting limits on the number of people who arrive. The Statistics Office said the 1.6 million people seeking refuge by the end of last year was a 113 percent jump from 2014 and equivalent to 16 percent of Germany s foreign population. Included in the figures are people from abroad staying in Germany for humanitarian reasons, people still going through the asylum process, those granted refugee status or subsidiary protection status and failed asylum seekers who stay. More than half of the 1.6 million people had by the end of 2016 been granted permission to stay in Germany while some 158,000 were rejected asylum seekers, said the Office. Some 455,000 of the total were from Syria.  According to data requested by the Linke party and seen by Reuters, refugees made 321,837 aslyum applications in German courts in the year to June 30, five times the volume in the same period last year.  The administrative courts are so heavily burdened that the current staff can not deal with the work in a timely manner,  Erich Mueller-Fritzsche, a member of the Federation of German Administrative Judges, told Neue Osnabruecker Zeitung newspaper. Although the number of new arrivals to Germany has fallen sharply in the last 18 months and the government has stepped up deportations of rejected asylum seekers, many Germans, worried about security, say better controls are needed.  We need to know who is in our country and who has left,  said conservative Bavarian Interior Minister Joachim Herrmann, known for taking a tough line on migrants.  Last year, a failed asylum seeker from Tunisia killed 12 people when he drove a truck into a Berlin Christmas Market. On Tuesday, a 19-year old Syrian man was detained on suspicion of planning a bomb attack in Germany. The AfD, continuing to put pressure on politicians on the migrant issue, criticized the southern state of Baden Wuerttemberg for accepting 34,000 Syrian refugees.   Although the war in Syria is as good as over, the regional government does not mind the asylum authorities continuing to let Syrians stay here,  said the regional AfD in a statement. ",1
15824,U.S. top diplomat to visit Asia as part of Trump trip: State Department,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will visit Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam, the Philippines and Myanmar as part of President Donald Trump s trip to Asia starting on Friday, the Department of State said on Thursday.  In a statement, the department said Tillerson would represent Trump at the East Asia Summit in Manila before traveling to Myanmar, formerly known as Burma, on Nov. 15 to address the humanitarian crisis and discuss U.S. support for its democratic transition.  ",1
15825,"India ""disappointed"" with China blocking bid to blacklist militant leader","NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India is  disappointed  by China s decision to again block its request at the United Nations to blacklist the head of a Pakistan-based militant group, the country s foreign ministry said in a statement on Thursday. India, backed by the United States, has been trying to get Maulana Masood Azhar on a U.N. list of groups with ties to Al Qaeda, blaming his group for a series of attacks in India, including one on its parliament in 2002 and another last year on an airbase. But China, a member of the U.N. Security Council, has repeatedly put a technical hold on the Indian request citing a lack of consensus, a claim India rejects.  We are deeply disappointed that once again, a single country has blocked international consensus on the designation of an acknowledged terrorist and leader of U.N.-designated terrorist organization, Masood Azhar,  India s foreign ministry said. China s foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said last month there were clear rules for listing a person or group as a terrorist, and that China has always believed the relevant U.N. committee should operate on the principles of objectivity. The wrangling over Masood Azhar, a longtime Indian foe, has become a thorny issue in ties between China and India. India worries that China will stick by its  all-weather  friend, India s arch-foe Pakistan.  India strongly believes that double standards and selective approaches will only undermine the international community s resolve to combat terrorism,  India s foreign ministry said. ",1
15826,Trump will not visit DMZ during Asia trip -official," (This version of the October 31st story corrects date of Trump s visit to Asia to November 5 in 8th paragraph) WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will not go to the heavily fortified demilitarized zone (DMZ) on the border of North Korea and South Korea during his Asia trip, a senior administration official said on Tuesday.  The president is not going to visit the DMZ. There is not enough time in the schedule,  the official told reporters in a background briefing.  Instead, Trump will be the first American president to visit Camp Humphreys, a military installation south of the South Korean capital of Seoul.   We thought that would make more sense in terms of its messaging, in terms of the chance to address families and troops there,  the official said. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis visited the demilitarized zone that divides the Korean Peninsula last week and Vice President Mike Pence made the same trip in April.  The official, speaking on customary condition of anonymity in briefing reporters, noted the two Trump administration forays to the zone.  It s becoming a little bit of a cliche, frankly,  the official said. Trump leaves for his first trip to Asia this week and is expected to arrive on November 5 in Tokyo.  Separately, two U.S. officials said a decision may be made for the three aircraft carriers currently in the Asia Pacific region to carry out an exercise to coincide with Trump s trip. The officials said no decision had been made, but it would be the first exercise with three U.S. aircraft carriers in the region since 2007. A senior State Department official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said the buildup of naval forces was part of the military component of the Trump administration s strategy to put  maximum pressure  on North Korea, which includes sanctions and diplomatic isolation. Earlier on Tuesday, the State Department welcomed a decision by China and South Korea to resume normal ties after a year-long standoff over a decision by Seoul and Washington to deploy a missile defense system to counter North Korea s nuclear program.  ",1
15827,Spanish judge orders arrest of ousted Catalan leader: La Vanguardia,"MADRID (Reuters) - A Spanish judge on Thursday issued a European arrest warrant for ousted Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont and four members of his sacked cabinet, now in Belgium, after they failed to appear at a High Court hearing, newspaper La Vanguardia said. A spokeswoman for the High Court could not confirm the warrant had been issued. Spain s state prosecutor had asked the judge to issue such a warrant earlier in the day. ",1
15828,UK raises 'grave concerns' about illegal settlements with Israel's Netanyahu: May's office,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May raised concerns about illegal settlements on Thursday at a meeting with her Israeli counterpart Benjamin Netanyahu in London, May s office said.  They discussed the need to overcome obstacles to peace, with the prime minister noting our grave concerns about illegal settlements,  a spokesman from May s office said in a statement.   The prime ministers also discussed the fact settlements are not the only obstacle and that the people of Israel deserve to live free from the scourge of terrorism and anti-Semitic incitement.  ",1
15829,Supreme Leader Khamenei says U.S. is Iran's 'number one enemy',"ANKARA (Reuters) - The United States is Iran s  number one enemy  and Tehran will never succumb to Washington s pressure over a multinational nuclear deal, Iran s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said in a televised speech on Thursday. U.S. President Donald Trump broke ranks with other major powers last month by refusing to formally certify Iran s compliance with the nuclear deal. Under that deal, most sanctions on Iran were lifted in exchange for Tehran curbing its nuclear work.  The American president s foolish remarks against our people show the depth of America s hostility towards the entire Iranian nation,  Iran s top authority Khamenei told a group of students.   America is the number one enemy of our nation.   Since the deal was reached in 2015, Khamenei has continued to denounce the United States publicly, suggesting that antagonism between the two countries since the 1979 Islamic revolution in Tehran would not abate because of the accord.  Iran and the United States severed diplomatic ties shortly after the revolution, when hardline students took 52 Americans hostage for 444 days. Iran will mark the anniversary of the American embassy seizure on Saturday.  Trump has called the nuclear agreement, which was reached under his predecessor Barack Obama,  the worst deal ever negotiated  and has adopted a harsh approach to Iran over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs.  Washington has imposed new sanctions on Iran over its missile activity, calling on Tehran not to develop missiles capable of delivering nuclear bombs. Iran says it has no such plans and its missile program is solely for defense purposes. The deal s other signatories, Britain, France, Germany, Russia and China, and the European Union say Washington cannot unilaterally cancel an international accord enshrined by a U.N. resolution. Iranian officials have repeatedly said that Tehran would stick to the nuclear accord as long as the other signatories respected it. But it has warned about the consequences if the deal falls apart.   We will never accept their bullying over the nuclear deal ... Americans are using all the wickedness to damage the result of the nuclear talks,  Khamenei said to chants of  Death to America  by students.   Any retreat by Iran will make America more blatant and impudent ... Resistance is the only option.  Trump also accuses Iran of supporting terrorism in the Middle East. Iran rejects that and in turn blames the growth of militant groups such as Islamic State on the policies of the United States and its regional allies.  Shi ite-dominated Iran and its regional arch-rival, U.S.-backed Sunni Saudi Arabia, are involved in proxy wars across the region, backing opposite sides in Syria, Yemen, Iraq and Lebanon. ",1
15830,British parliament: respected institution or 'den of vice'?,"LONDON (Reuters) - From William Pitt to Winston Churchill, Britain s finest prime ministers have risen to greatness in the Palace of Westminster, heightening its reputation as one of the world s most respected parliaments. But with nine centuries of history come traditions, and a culture that is now under fire for concentrating power in the hands of lawmakers who can make or break the careers of aides, interns and party activists. The resignation of Britain s defense minister, who admitted repeatedly touching a radio presenter s knee in 2002, and a series of accusations against other members of parliament, from alleged extramarital affairs to sexual assaults, have prompted calls for change. Parliament is an  old and famous  institution, said Brendan Chilton, a Labour activist and general secretary of Labour Leave, a pro-Brexit group.  However it has in recent years become a den of vice. We should all seek to make parliament the envy of the world again.  The ornate Palace of Westminster, beside the River Thames in the heart of London, is home to both the upper and lower houses of parliament and is seen by some historians as one of the  birthplaces of modern democracy.  But allegations about British politicians, many of them unsubstantiated, have surfaced since sexual abuse claims against Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein prompted women and men in British politics to share stories about improper behavior.  Claims of sexual harassment have prompted some newspapers to refer to parliament as  Pestminster . Michael Fallon resigned as defense minister on Wednesday  over past behavior he said had fallen  below the high standards we require of the armed forces .   Two more ministers are under investigation by the governing Conservative Party into allegations of inappropriate behavior and the opposition Labour Party and Scottish National Party are  looking into similar reports about party members. AWE-INSPIRING The Palace of Westminster s debating chambers, its lavish tea rooms and its maze of corridors with portraits of long-gone politicians and prime ministers can inspire and confuse in equal measure.  Like a self-contained village, it has it own post office, hairdresser, gym, restaurants and bars. There is little reason to leave and for many workers, days are spent in its offices and evenings are spent in its bars.  Drinking culture is both fun and a bit depressing,  one parliamentary researcher wrote on the Glassdoor website where employees and former employees anonymously review companies and their management.  You will miss out on networking if this is not something you want to do.   It is a heady mix, and many relationships have grown in an environment where people work closely together, and often under pressure, for long hours. But the allegations that have surfaced in recent weeks also depict it as an environment where inappropriate behavior is widespread and a laddish culture, where what one person sees as a joke is offensive to another, prevails. The accusations describe parliament as a place where careers of researchers, interns and aides can be decided by the member of parliament or minister they work for - and suggest some fear for their future if they refuse sexual advances.     Many female lawmakers have welcomed the opportunity to share their experiences, some of which they have kept silent about for years for fear of, if not reprisals, criticism from colleagues or officials for bringing parties into disrepute.  There is obviously a problem, it s a good thing that it s been exposed,  Labour lawmaker Harriet Harman told parliament this week.  No one should have to work in the toxic atmosphere of sleazy sexist or homophobic banter.  Scandals involving members of British politicians are not new. The Profumo Affair, involving sex, a Soviet spy and the secretary of state for war, helped bring down the Conservative government in 1963. Twenty years later, Conservative Cecil Parkinson resigned as trade and industry minister over an affair with his secretary, who became pregnant.  But Fallon told the BBC that what had been  acceptable 15, 10 years ago is clearly not acceptable now . The government is introducing measures to tackle sexual harassment, including measures to enforce a code of conduct and to set up an independent grievance procedure. But critics say the power disparity between lawmaker and employee will remain. ",1
15831,Syria calls on U.N. Security Council to condemn Israeli strikes,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syria s Foreign Ministry on Thursday called on the United Nations Security Council to condemn Israel s attacks on Syria after an Israeli strike late on Wednesday. The Foreign Ministry asked the Security Council to take  strict and immediate  measures to stop such Israeli attacks, in a statement carried on the state-run SANA news agency. Wednesday s strike hit a copper factory in the industrial town of Hisya, 35 km (21 miles) south of Homs and 112 km north of Damascus, SANA reported. In Jerusalem, Israel s Foreign Ministry declined to comment. On Wednesday, Israel s Channel 10 said the aircraft were not hit and returned safely to base. The Israeli air force says it has struck arms convoys of the Syrian military and its Lebanese ally, the Iran-backed Hezbollah, nearly 100 times in recent years. Israeli officials have expressed alarm at Iranian influence in Syria, where Iran-backed groups have played a critical role fighting in support of President Bashar al-Assad during the conflict that erupted in 2011. ",1
15832,Macedonia jails 33 ethnic Albanians for 2015 shootout,"SKOPJE (Reuters) - A Macedonian court sentenced 33 ethnic Albanians to jail terms on Thursday, including seven given life sentences, after they were found guilty of plotting attacks and clashing with the police in a 2015 shootout in which 22 people were killed. The 33 were accused of being part of a group of Albanian gunmen involved in the May 9, 2015 shootout with police in the northern Macedonian town of Kumanovo, in which eight police officers were among those killed and dozens were wounded. Some of the defendants were from neighboring Kosovo, while others were from Macedonia s own Albanian minority.  The evidence offered by the prosecutor shows that the accused committed the criminal acts of terrorism and terrorist organization,  the presiding judge said.  The court was under heavy police protection, with helicopters flying overhead. The defendants protested while the verdict was being read, prompting the judge to order 33 of them to leave the courtroom before hearing sentences.  The 2015 shootout occurred during a police raid that followed an attack by armed men on a border post. Some of them were former guerrillas from the National Liberation Army (NLA), an ethnic Albanian militia that had fought an insurgency in 2001 in which scores of people were killed.  The NLA disbanded in 2002 and some of its former leaders entered the government. Naser Raufi, one of the defense lawyers, said the trial was staged and that he did not expect to see such lengthy sentences.   This calls for an independent investigation,  he said.  Macedonia, a small ex-Yugoslav republic of about two million people, declared independence in 1991 and mostly avoided the violence that accompanied the break up of Yugoslavia in the 1990s, until the clashes with ethnic Albanian fighters in 2001. Albanians are believed to make up around 30 percent of Macedonia s population, living mostly in the northwest near the borders with Kosovo and Albania. ",1
15833,Sicilian election holds mirror up to national trends,"ROME (Reuters) - A regional ballot in Sicily this weekend will serve as a dress rehearsal for a forthcoming general election, with the political dynamics on the Mediterranean island matching those being played out on the national stage. Bolstered by the return of four-times prime minister Silvio Berlusconi to the campaign trail, a resurgent centre-right is looking to reclaim its supremacy over Sicily and show that after years of scandals it is once again a force to be reckoned with. It faces a fierce opponent in the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement, which has never won control of a Italian region and hopes victory on Sunday might propel it to success in next year s parliamentary election. Meanwhile, the centre-left, which now heads both the Sicilian and national governments, has succumbed to feuding with leftist rivals - a fratricidal struggle that looks likely to wreck its chances of regaining power. Sicily is one of the poorest regions in Europe, ranking 237 out of 263 in European Union competitiveness rankings, and has become a byword for bloated public payrolls, wasteful administration and the ever-present scourge of corruption and organized crime. It is also seen as a bellwether of national politics. The centre-right won all 61 seats on offer here in a 2001 national election when Berlusconi was at the zenith of his power. By 2012, with the mood in the country changing, Sicily shifted towards the centre-left, foreshadowing the bloc s subsequent victory five months later at a national level. The 5-Star hopes the political winds are now blowing in its favor and that voters are ready to embrace its manifesto, which  focuses on fighting graft, promoting green energy and offering universal income support for the poor.  The vote on November 5 is like a referendum ... You are choosing between the future and the past, between legality and corruption,  said Luigi Di Maio, the 5-Star s new national leader, who has campaigned relentlessly in Sicily for weeks. Final opinion polls published before a blackout was imposed on Oct. 23 put the centre-right candidate Nello Musumeci on some 33 percent against 31.5 percent for the 5-Star s Giancarlo Cancelleri. The centre-left s Fabrizio Micari was seen taking some 16 percent, just ahead of the leftist Claudio Fava. Since the release of the last surveys, Musumeci has come under pressure over candidates on his list, some of whom have criminal records or are awaiting trial for graft. The 5-Star says the scandal has given it a major lift ahead of Sunday.  While 5-Star and centre-right leaders have criss-crossed Sicily this autumn, the head of the ruling centre-left Democratic Party, former prime minister Matteo Renzi, has kept a low profile, insisting the vote is just about regional issues. Sicily certainly has its share of problems.  The island s economic output fell more than 13 percentage points between 2008 and 2015 and it will take many years before it recovers the lost ground. Unemployment stands at over 22 percent, twice the national average, and youth unemployment is at 57.2 percent, compared with some 36 percent nationally. But should the Democratic Party candidate suffer a drubbing, it will undermine Renzi s standing within the party and underscore the cost it is paying for civil war on the left before the national vote, which is due by May 2018. Although the centre-right is running united, it too has internal divisions. Berlusconi has resisted campaigning alongside Matteo Salvini, the leader of his main ally, the Northern League, whom he has dismissed as a populist. But unlike Renzi, 81-year-old Berlusconi has papered over the differences and kept his focus on his main rival.  The Sicilian elections resemble the national vote in one way. In Palermo, as in Rome, the fight is between us and the (5-Star), between our experience and competence ... and their utter poverty and incompetence,  he said in Palermo on Wednesday. ",1
15834,London to set Northern Ireland budget as direct rule looms,"BELFAST/DUBLIN (Reuters) - The British government is to impose a budget on Northern Ireland for the first time in a decade, a major step toward imposing direct rule after attempts to form a power-sharing government in Belfast collapsed.  Many in the province fear direct rule would further destabilize a political balance between pro-British unionists and Irish nationalists that has already been upset by Britain s vote to leave the European Union.  The move also creates a headache for British Prime Minister Theresa May, whose minority government is dependent on Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) to pass legislation.  Irish Nationalists Sinn Fein and the pro-British DUP have shared power in Northern Ireland for a decade under the terms of the 1998 Good Friday peace agreement, which ended three decades of violence that killed 3,600 people.  But Sinn Fein pulled out in January, complaining it was not being treated as an equal partner. The latest round of talks on re-establishing the devolved executive collapsed on Wednesday.  Sinn Fein is disappointed that the last few weeks of negotiations have ended in failure,  the party s leader in Northern Ireland, Michelle O Neill, told journalists.  But as you all know endless talks without conclusion are not sustainable.  Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams said the party was open to further dialogue, but only if it was  meaningful .  DUP member of parliament Gregory Campbell accused Sinn Fein of holding back government in Northern Ireland with  a narrow political agenda , including a push for greater recognition for the Irish language.  In a sign that a resolution is unlikely in the coming weeks, Campbell appeared to dismiss a DUP compromise on language rights, saying his party  cannot and will not  elevate the Irish language  above all others . But party leader Arlene Foster was more positive, telling Ireland s RTE television that London setting a budget  doesn t stop us continuing to engage with Sinn Fein and trying to find a solution to the problems that we have .  Britain s minister for Northern Ireland James Brokenshire said as there was no immediate prospect of a new executive being formed he had no choice but to start the process of setting a budget from London to ensure funding for essential services.   This can t simply continue forever and a day ... There are decisions that have been stored up that have to be taken,  he told journalists.  The budget process could be handed back if agreement is reached between the two parties, he added. May and Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar agreed in a telephone call that the gap between the two sides was narrow and that it was still possible to form an executive in Northern Ireland, Varadkar s office said in a statement on Thursday.  But Varakdar also said there could be no return to direct rule  as it existed prior to the Good Friday Agreement , a reference to the Irish government position that it should have a role in the governance of Northern Ireland if power-sharing is not restored. May replied that she also did not want direct rule, the statement said.  When Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney made the point in September that  there can be no British-only direct rule,  a British government spokesman responded by saying Britain would  never countenance  joint authority. Sinn Fein on Wednesday encouraged Dublin to play a role, saying the British and Irish governments should together  act urgently to deliver equality  in Northern Ireland.  On Wednesday, Coveney warned that the disagreement could complicate relations with London in the middle of delicate Brexit negotiations.   The prospect of direct rule in Northern Ireland and the Irish government s insistence on having a role in that - an appropriate role consistent with the Good Friday Agreement - is not where we want to be,  he told RTE radio.  Sinn Fein s Adams said that, in addition to Brexit, the agreement by the DUP to support May s government in London had helped to destabilize the province.   Don t underestimate the impact of the DUP-Tory pact in all of this,  he said.   ",1
15835,DUP calls for Northern Ireland direct rule in 'very near future',"LONDON (Reuters) - The head of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) in the British parliament urged the British government on Thursday to institute direct rule of Northern Ireland  in the very near future , saying otherwise its economy would be left to drift. The British government took a step towards imposing direct rule for the first time in a decade on Wednesday by announcing preparations to set Northern Ireland s budget from London after talks on forming a regional executive collapsed. While Prime Minister Theresa May is reluctant to impose full direct rule for fear of antagonizing the Irish government and Northern Ireland s large Irish nationalist minority, her government is dependent on the DUP s 10 votes in parliament to remain in power.  And many fear a move to direct rule for the first time since 2007 would further disturb a political balance between pro-British unionists and Irish nationalists, already upset by Britain s vote to leave the European Union. A move to direct rule would sideline the DUP s main rival Sinn Fein, which seeks a united Ireland with no British governing role in the north. The party does not take up its seats in the London parliament.  At some point in the very near future we will need to have ministers, and if they are not Northern Ireland executive ministers ... then it would have to be ministers from here,  Nigel Dodds told the British parliament.   And they will have to take decisions because we cannot allow the economy to drift and we cannot allow Northern Ireland to drift,  he said. The DUP, he said, had been urging the British government to impose a budget. Direct rule would likely create a conflict with Dublin, which says Northern Ireland s Good Friday peace deal gives it the right to a role in the running of Northern Ireland in the event of direct rule.  Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar told May in a phone call overnight there could be no return to direct rule  as it existed prior to the Good Friday Agreement,  his office said. May s office did not mention the demand in a statement about the call.  Irish Nationalists Sinn Fein and the pro-British DUP have shared power in Northern Ireland for a decade under the terms of the 1998 peace agreement, which ended three decades of violence that killed 3,600 people. But Sinn Fein pulled out in January, complaining it was not being treated as an equal partner, and on Wednesday blamed the DUP for the collapse of talks on forming a new executive.  Dodds said Sinn Fein was to blame for introducing a series of unacceptable preconditions that were not included in a deal between the parties last year.   ",1
15836,"Russian Defense Minister meets U.S. envoy to Moscow, discuss security: TASS","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu and U.S. Ambassador to Russia Jon Huntsman met on Thursday to discuss bilateral relations and international security issues, TASS news agency cited Russia s defense ministry as saying. The meeting took place at the ministry, the agency reported, giving to further details. ",1
15837,"Tunisia policeman dies after attack, security unions seek more protection","TUNIS (Reuters) - A Tunisian police officer who was stabbed by a suspected Islamist died of his wounds on Thursday, and security unions threatened to stage protests if parliament fails to legislate tougher protections for security force personnel. The suspect, named as Zied Gharbi, was arrested on Wednesday after two policemen suffered knife wounds near the parliament. He shouted  Allahu Akbar  - God is greatest - as he stabbed the policeman in the neck, witness and officials said. The attack was close to the Bardo museum where 21 people, mostly European tourists, were killed in an attack by gunmen in March 2015. Tunisia suffered two other major attacks that year, one against tourists at the beach resort of Sousse and the other against presidential guards in the capital.  Our colleague Riadh Barrouta died Thursday after the terrorist attack in Bardo yesterday,  Walid Hkima, a national security spokesman, said. The attacker was 25 and from Ettadamen, one of the largest, poorest suburbs of Tunis.  The Interior Ministry said Wednesday s attacker had confessed that  he had adopted Takfiri thought three years ago and believes that killing security forces is a form of jihad . Takfiri is a term for a hardline Sunni Muslim who labels followers of other schools of Islam unbelievers, often as a justification for fighting them.  Zied Gharbi has no ties with Islamist groups, but he had been influenced by hardline ideology on the Internet, officials said.  Initial investigations showed that this terrorist does not belong to any terrorist organization, he had not received orders from any group,  Hkima said. Security unions said in a joint statement on Thursday they would give the parliament two weeks to approve a new law strengthening punishments for assaults on security forces. The bill, sent to the parliament two years ago, also aims to give policemen more powers in the face of any possible threat.  If the parliament will not pass the bill in two weeks, we will stop providing personal protection to political party leaders and will hold protests. We will escalate , the statement added. Parliament speaker Mohamed Naceur said on Wednesday that the bill should be expedited, but added that a dialogue with civil society should be held to respect human rights and the constitution. Local and international organizations including Human Rights Watch have rejected the bill, asked to withdraw it from parliament and said it promotes a culture of impunity. The 2015 attacks severely damaged the economy of the North African country, where tourists visiting its Mediterranean coast are a significant source of revenue. Since then, security has been boosted and authorities have cracked down on militants, dismantling dozens of cells. ",1
15838,Iraq not equipped to try Islamic State's atrocities in Mosul: U.N.,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Iraq is not capable of trying atrocities committed by Islamic State during the battle for Mosul so it must find other routes to justice such as the International Criminal Court (ICC), a U.N. human rights report said on Thursday.  At least 2,521 civilians were killed during the nine-month battle including 741 people who were executed, the report said.  Most died as a result of Islamic State (ISIL) attacks. It cited testimonies of mass abductions by Islamic State, as well as killings, the use of human shields, and deliberate targeting of civilians and their homes.  ISIL planted  a huge number  of improvised explosive devices and used drones to drop explosives in Mosul, a city of 1.5 million, as well as setting fire to sulphur fields and oil wells, it said.  Its forces desecrated religious sites and last June blew up the al-Nuri mosque from which its leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi had declared the caliphate spanning parts of Iraq and Syria in 2014, it said.  Iraqi courts and tribunals do not have jurisdiction over international crimes (such as genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes) - and prosecutors, police investigators and judges lack capacity to ... (investigate), charge and try persons in relation to such crimes,  the report said, calling for it to amend domestic law. Iraqi law did not do enough to guarantee due process or fair trials, it said. Accepting the jurisdiction of the Hague-based ICC and finding other ways to ensure crimes were tried by a competent court  would reassure the international community that Iraq is serious  about getting justice, which was key to rebuilding trust and reconciliation, it said. Atleast 74 massgraveshave been discovered since June 2014 in areas previouslyheld by ISILin Iraq, the U.N. report said. These included in Sinjar, the northwestern city where the U.N. has said Islamic State committed genocide against the Kurdish-speaking Yazidi religious minority whom the Sunni militants view as infidels. Iraq and the international community have a duty to ensure those crimes are prosecuted, Syracuse University professor and former war crimes prosecutor David Crane said on Wednesday in a separate report into the genocide, issued by his law school s Syrian Accountability Project.   Bringing ISIS to justice for genocide against the Yazidi community, at the domestic or the international level, will depend on the strategic preservation of forensic evidence,  Crane s report said. The U.N. report also called on Iraqi authorities to investigate crimes allegedly committed by Iraqi-backed forces during the operation, including mass abductions and unlawful killings. It called for a separate investigation into air strikes by the international coalition. It said the U.N. had recorded 461 civilian deaths from air strikes during the most intensive phase of the battle for western Mosul, from Feb. 19. ",1
15839,Croatia opposition seeks government no-confidence vote on Agrokor handling,"ZAGREB (Reuters) - Croatia s opposition parties on Thursday demanded a no-confidence vote in the government over its handling of a crisis at the country s largest company, Agrokor, but analysts said the ruling coalition would likely survive. The government intervened in April because Agrokor [AGROK.UL], the largest employer in the Balkans, faced a debt and liquidity crisis. Given its importance, the crisis could have destabilized the economy. The opposition led by Social Democrats says a liquidity loan agreed this summer with creditors including foreign investment funds to finance Agrokor s operations through a 15-month period of restructuring lacked transparency and favored some creditors.  The SDP has a responsibility to expose corrupt activities,  the SDP leader Davor Bernardic told reporters. The government and Agrokor s crisis manager Ante Ramljak rejected the opposition charge and said it achieved the best possible loan terms in the circumstances. A debate and vote must take place by early December and the conservative-led coalition has a small but firm parliamentary majority.  I don t think this is a particularly wise move for the top opposition party (Social Democrats) as they are likely to achieve little. I see it rather as an effort to divert attention from political weaknesses within their own ranks,  said political analyst Davor Gjenero. ",1
15840,Opposition MPs walk out on South Africa's Zuma over corruption,"CAPE TOWN (Reuters) - Jacob Zuma told South Africa s parliament on Thursday he had received no payments from private companies or individuals during his time as president, as opposition lawmakers walked out in protest over the cost to the state of his legal fees.  Allegations by government and opposition politicians that the wealthy Gupta family of businessmen used a friendship with Zuma to control state businesses and influence appointments are among many scandals that have dogged his presidency.      The Guptas and Zuma have denied any wrongdoing and say they are victims of a politically motivated witch-hunt.  My government is committed to fighting corruption,  Zuma said in response to a question. He also said he would establish a judicial commission to investigate allegations made in a 2016 report by South Africa s corruption-fighting Public Protector.   I did not receive any payments from private individuals or companies during my tenure as president of the Republic of South Africa, other than those disclosed or reported to the necessary authorities,  he said in answer to another question. The main opposition party then walked out of the session, saying Zuma was refusing to answer questions on how much the state had spent on legal fees to fight corruption allegations against him. Democratic Alliance leader Mmusi Maimane had asked how much had been spent since May 1, 2009 to defend 783 corruption charges against Zuma that were dropped by the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) before he ran for the presidency.  He is going to jail. The president is going to jail,  Maimane shouted before leading the walkout. South Africa s High Court reinstated the charges last year and the Supreme Court upheld that decision in October, rejecting an appeal by Zuma. The 75-year-old president is still trying to prevent the NPA from filing the charges. The  State of Capture  report by the Public Protector, whose job is to uphold standards in public life, recommended a judicial probe into allegations of systemic corruption by Zuma, some of his ministers and heads of state-owned companies. But the president filed an application asking the High Court to set aside the report, saying he would instead set up a judicial commission of inquiry into the allegations. The court is expected to rule on that case soon. Zuma told parliament the judicial commission would investigate those corruption allegations and any others brought to its attention.  After the (High Court) judgment, I will establish it immediately. We will prove the lies and the truths,  Zuma said.  The truth will be found.   The report focused on allegations that Zuma s friends, the businessmen and brothers Ajay, Atul and Rajesh Gupta, had influenced the appointment of ministers, which Zuma and the Guptas have denied. ",1
15841,Britain's May replaces defense minister in growing harassment scandal,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May was forced to appoint a new defense minister on Thursday after her ally Michael Fallon quit in a sexual harassment scandal that has prompted calls for an end to the  locker room  culture in parliament. Just hours after Fallon resigned over past behavior he said had fallen  below the high standards we require of the armed forces , May appointed Gavin Williamson, 41, a rising star in her ruling Conservative Party. Weakened after losing her parliamentary majority in a June election that many Conservatives blame on her, May had to move swiftly.  The growing harassment scandal threatens to undermine her further if other allegations against Conservatives, including against her deputy Damian Green, force more resignations. Williamson has risen quickly up the ranks of the Conservatives and May selected him last year as the party s chief whip in parliament - a role in which he is tasked with maintaining voting discipline on legislation. As chief whip, Williamson was renowned for his toughness and for introducing lawmakers to his pet tarantula Cronus, named after the god of time who swallowed each of his children according to Greek mythology. But he has no former experience of the armed forces, according to his online profile, and some Conservative lawmakers openly questioned the appointment. Sarah Wollaston writing on Twitter:  There are times when offered a job that it would be better to advise that another would be more experienced and suited to the role.  Williamson said nothing as he arrived at the Ministry of Defense on Thursday, taking on the role at a difficult time for May, who since June s election is dependent on the support of a small Northern Irish party for a majority in parliament. Fallon s resignation after he apologized for repeatedly touching a female radio presenter s knee in 2002, was yet another blow. Described by Conservative sources as a political  Rottweiler , Fallon was a trusted minister able to robustly face down criticism of the government. Britain s parliament is the latest institution to become embroiled in a sex scandal after abuse allegations against Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein prompted thousands of women and men to share stories about improper behavior. Ruth Davidson, leader of the Conservatives in Scotland, said it was time to break with a culture in politics where powerful people  use positions of power to demand things from others .  The dam has broken on this now, and these male-dominated professions where the boys-own locker room culture has prevailed and it s all been a bit of a laugh, have got to stop,  she told the BBC. Allegations of sexual abuse have ranged from a charge of rape by an activist in the opposition Labour Party by a senior party member, to unconfirmed details of serial  sex pests  on a list reportedly drafted by aides and researchers in parliament. May has ordered investigations into a report that one of her ministers asked a female secretary to buy sex toys and an allegation that her deputy, Green, made an inappropriate sexual advance on a young woman - something he denies. ",1
15842,UK parliament to consider Northern Ireland budget in mid-November,"LONDON (Reuters) - The British government expects to bring a budget for Northern Ireland before parliament at Westminster in mid-November, after the region s largest parties failed to reach agreement on forming a government, the Northern Ireland minister said on Thursday.   I would expect the budget bill to be considered in this House shortly after the November recess,  which ends on Nov. 13, James Brokenshire told parliament on Thursday.  ",1
15843,Kurds offer joint border deployment as Iraq threatens more military operations,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq s Kurdish region said on Thursday it had offered a joint Kurdish-Iraqi deployment at a strategic crossing into Turkey with the participation of U.S.-led international forces as part of a compromise aimed at ending a stand-off with Baghdad. The offer was disclosed hours after the Iraqi armed forces threatened to resume military operations against the Kurds, accusing them of delaying the handover of control of borders and taking advantage of negotiations to bolster their defenses. The central government in Baghdad has cracked down hard on the Kurds since the government of the Kurdish autonomous region staged an independence referendum on Sept. 25 that Baghdad considers illegal. Central government forces swiftly seized swathes of Kurdish-held territory last month and have demanded control of all border checkpoints, including the Turkish frontier which has been controlled by the Kurds since the Saddam Hussein era. Over the past week, the Kurds have tried to defuse the crisis with negotiations. The Kurdish defense department said the offer for joint control of the frontier was part of a  deconfliction  proposal made to Baghdad on Oct. 31. Other proposals included a ceasefire on all fronts, continued cooperation in the fight against Islamic State and joint deployments in so-called disputed territories claimed by both the Kurds and the Iraqi central government. The KRG  continues to welcome a permanent ceasefire on all fronts, deconfliction and the start of a political dialogue  with Baghdad, the Kurdish statement said. Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi suspended military operations against the Kurds on Friday. The sides have since held talks which Baghdad says cover only technical issues, with political questions off the table unless the Kurds discard the referendum. Iran and Turkey back Abadi s tough line, fearing a drive for independence could spread to their own Kurdish populations.  The Kurdish statement said the offer of a joint deployment at the strategic Fish-Khabur crossing was meant  as a goodwill gesture and trust-building exercise that ensures a limited and temporary arrangement until an agreement is reached in accordance with the Iraqi Constitution . Fish-Khabur is strategically vital for the landlocked Kurds as the point where oil from northern Iraq crosses into Turkey. Iraq wants the Kurdistan region to stop exporting its own oil and hand over sales to the Iraqi state-oil marketer SOMO, the company s director said on Thursday. Iraq is talking to Turkey to let SOMO sell Kurdish crude that arrives by pipeline, acting SOMO director general Alaa al-Yasiri told reporters. The Iraqi Joint Operations Command accused the Kurds on Wednesday of using the talks  buy time  to strengthen positions.  We will not allow it; the federal forces are mandated to secure (the disputed) areas and borders,  it said in a statement. The command of the Kurdish security forces, known as Peshmerga, accused Iraqi troops of massing weapons and threatening force to resolve  domestic political differences . The office of the United Nations Humanitarian Coordinator in Iraq said more than 183,000 civilians had been displaced by the conflict, including 79,000 from Kirkuk city which Baghdad captured on the first day of its offensive last month.  A humanitarian official involved in the relief efforts said more than three quarters of the displaced are Kurds. Iraqi troops set up positions on Tuesday at the Turkish border for the first time, between Turkish and Kurdish checkpoints at Habur, the Turkish name for the road border crossing located 10 km from Fish-Khabur in Iraq. The Turkish frontier with Iraqi Kurdistan is a critical security issue for Turkey, which says Kurdish insurgents fighting against the Turkish state shelter across it. Turkish security forces killed 17 Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militants near the border, the Turkish armed forces said on Thursday, after eight members of Turkey s security forces were killed in clashes. The Kurdish militants were intercepted crossing the border into Turkey, the Turkish military said. ",1
15844,Spanish prosecutor seeks arrest of ousted Catalan leader,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s state prosecutor on Thursday asked a High court judge to issue a European arrest warrant for ousted Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont after he failed to appear at a court hearing earlier in the day. Puigdemont s lawyer in Belgium, where he has traveled with four members of his sacked cabinet, said the climate in Spain was  not good  and his client wanted to maintain some distance; but he would cooperate with the courts. ",1
15845,Russia sets out why it thinks U.N. wrongly accused Syria over sarin attack,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia on Thursday set out why it disputed U.N. and Western allegations that the Syrian government had been behind a deadly chemical attack on the opposition-held town of Khan Sheikhoun in April that killed dozens. A report sent to the United Nations Security Council last week concluded that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s government was responsible for the attack, which prompted a U.S. missile strike against a Syrian air base. Russia, whose air force and special forces have been supporting the Syrian army, said at the time there was no evidence to show Damascus was responsible and the chemicals that killed civilians belonged to rebels, not Assad s government. On Thursday, with the aid of maps, satellite footage and charts, Moscow set out why it believed the Syrian government had been unfairly maligned.    A Russian Defence Ministry official told a media briefing that the Syrian Su-22 jet accused of dropping the chemical bomb was not physically close enough to the attack site to have been involved.  Thus, I believe the information provided cannot confirm the use of chemical weapons in Khan Sheikhoun in the form of an aviation bomb dropped from a Syrian Air Force Su-22 jet,  the RIA news agency quoted the official, whom it did not name, as saying. Mikhail Ulyanov, head of the Russian Foreign Ministry s Department for Non-Proliferation and Arms Control, told the same briefing that U.S. accusations that Russia had encouraged the use of chemical weapons in Syria were ungrounded, RIA reported.  It was hysteria and a completely open attempt to discredit Russia with rather primitive dirty means,  Ulyanov was quoted as saying. The White House on Wednesday admonished Russia after it vetoed a United Nations plan to continue its ongoing investigation into the use of chemical weapons in Syria. Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons in 2013 under a deal brokered by Russia and the United States. The Syrian government has repeatedly denied using chemical weapons during the country s more than six-year civil war. ",1
15846,South African opposition walks out of parliament during Zuma questions,"CAPE TOWN (Reuters) - South Africa s main opposition party walked out of parliament on Thursday, saying President Jacob Zuma was refusing to answer questions on how much the state had spent on legal fees fighting corruption allegations against him. The walkout was led by Democratic Alliance leader Mmusi Maimane who asked how much had been spent since 1 May 2009 to defend 783 corruption charges against Zuma that were dropped by the National Prosecuting Authority.  The charges were reinstated by the High Court last year. Zuma lost an appeal to have the charges dropped and is still trying to prevent the NPA from filing the charges. ",1
15847,"More than 180,000 people, mostly Kurds, displaced by Iraqi-Kurdish conflict","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - More than 180,000 civilians, mostly Kurds, have been displaced by the conflict between the Iraqi central government and the Kurdistan region of northern Iraq, humanitarian organizations said on Thursday.    Last month Iraqi forces captured Kirkuk and other territories from Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, in retaliation for a referendum on independence held by the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) on Sept. 25 in northern Iraq.   As of 2 November, over 183,000 people are displaced in the disputed areas, including 79,000 from Kirkuk city,  the Office of the United Nations Humanitarian Coordinator in Iraq said in a statement, giving no breakdown by ethnic or religious group. ",1
15848,Geneva process is the only appropriate format to discuss Syria peace: France,"PARIS (Reuters) - France said on Thursday that Russian steps to push Syrian peace talks should be within the framework of United Nations efforts, which Paris said were the only appropriate forum to discuss a political solution to the civil war. Having intervened decisively in the Syrian war in 2015 in support of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Russia now hopes to build on the collapse of Islamic State to launch a political process to end the six-year-old conflict. On Tuesday, it invited 33 Syrian groups and political parties to attend what it called a  Syrian Congress on National Dialogue  which it is organizing in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi on Nov. 18.  The Geneva process is the only appropriate and internationally-agreed forum to discuss political aspects of the Syrian crisis, especially for an election process and a new constitution,  French foreign ministry spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne told reporters in a daily briefing.  She urged all players, including Russia, to abide by U.N. resolution 2254, which lays the foundations for a future peaceful resolution of the conflict.  International efforts, including those by Russia, must be within this framework,  she added.  France, a key backer of the Syrian opposition High Negotiations Committee (HNC), has struggled to set up its own peace initiative that would see the permanent members of the Security Council come to an agreement on how to move stalled peace talks forward.    ",1
15849,Myanmar's Suu Kyi 'urges people not to quarrel' on visit to Rakhine,"SITTWE, Myanmar (Reuters) - Myanmar s de facto leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, on Thursday urged people  not to quarrel  as she visited Rakhine State for the first time since a military crackdown that drove more than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims to flee the country. Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace Prize winner, has faced heavy international criticism for not taking a higher profile in responding to what U.N. officials have called  ethnic cleansing  by the army.  Myanmar has rejected the accusations of ethnic cleansing, saying its security forces launched a counter-insurgency operation after Rohingya militants attacked 30 security posts in northern Rakhine on Aug. 25. On Thursday, amid heightened security, Suu Kyi boarded a military helicopter at Sittwe, the capital of Rakhine State, to be taken to Maungdaw, one of the districts worst hit by the violence.  Suu Kyi met a group of Muslim religious leaders, said Chris Lewa, of the Arakan Project monitoring group, citing Rohingya sources.  She only said three things to the people - they should live peacefully, the government is there to help them, and they should not quarrel among each other,  Lewa said, quoting information from a religious leader who was present. Rohingya began fleeing predominantly Buddhist Myanmar for neighboring Bangladesh in late August to escape violence in the wake of a military counter-insurgency operation launched after Rohingya militants attacked security posts in Rakhine State. A U.S. State Department delegation will be in Bangladesh on Friday and Saturday to discuss the humanitarian crisis and human rights concerns stemming from the crisis in Rakhine state. The delegation will be led by Simon Henshaw, acting assistant secretary of state for the Bureau of Population, Refugees, and Migration, the department said in a statement.  On Wednesday, Reuters photographers saw thousands of desperate Rohingya wade through shallows and narrow creeks between islands of the Naf river to reach neighboring Bangladesh as the exodus begun two months ago was far from over.  Some had small boats or pulled makeshift rafts to get to Bangladesh on the river s western bank, but most walked, children cradled in their arms and the elderly carried on their backs, with sacks of belongings tied to staves on their shoulders. Reaching the far side, some women and older people had to be pulled through the mud to reach dry land atop steep banks. More than 4,000 crossed at different points on the river on Wednesday, Major Mohammed Iqbal, a Bangladesh security official in the southern district of Cox s Bazar, told Reuters. Suu Kyi had not previously visited Rakhine since assuming power last year following a landslide 2015 election victory. The majority of residents in the northern part of the state, which includes Maungdaw, were Muslims until the recent crisis. Suu Kyi was accompanied by about 20 people traveling in two military helicopters, including military, police and state officials, a Reuters reporter said. Businessman Zaw Zaw, formerly sanctioned by the U.S. Treasury for his ties to Myanmar s junta, was also with the Nobel laureate. Suu Kyi, who does not control the military, has lately appeared to take a stronger lead in the crisis, focusing government efforts on rehabilitation and pledging to repatriate refugees. She launched a project last month to help rehabilitation and resettlement in Rakhine and has urged tycoons to contribute. Suu Kyi has pledged to allow the return of refugees who can prove they were residents of Myanmar, but thousands of people have continued to flee to Bangladesh. Refugees in the Bangladesh camps say the Myanmar army torched their villages, but Myanmar blames Rohingya militants. Talks with Bangladesh have yet to deliver a pact on a repatriation process made more complex because Myanmar has long denied citizenship to the Rohingya.      Suu Kyi s spokesman voiced fears on Tuesday that Bangladesh could be stalling on the accord to first get millions of dollars of international aid money, an accusation a senior Bangladesh home ministry official described as outrageous. United Nations refugee official Volker Turk appealed for the safe, voluntary and sustainable repatriation of Rohingya. In a statement issued on Thursday after a two-day visit to Myanmar, Turk, the U.N. s assistant high commissioner for refugee protection, said he hoped the UNHCR would be involved in the government s plans for voluntary repatriation. But the scenes at the Naf river showed Rohingya were still ready to risk being destitute in Bangladesh, rather than stay in Myanmar in fear for their lives. (For a graphic on 'A desperate escape' click tmsnrt.rs/2xIvxQF) (For a graphic on 'Mass exodus' click tmsnrt.rs/2xTId74) (For a graphic on 'Trail of destruction' click tmsnrt.rs/2y8FgQ8) ",1
15850,South Africa considering best time for nuclear power expansion: Zuma,"CAPE TOWN (Reuters) - South African President Jacob Zuma said on Thursday his government was considering the best time to launch a major expansion of its nuclear power fleet, after the finance minister said the country could not afford it. Zuma was responding to a question in parliament by opposition leader Mmusi Maimane who asked why finance minister Malusi Gigaba had said the expansion would be delayed while energy minister David Mahlobo said the opposite.  We have a policy of mixed energy and that includes nuclear,  Zuma said.  We are not saying we have changed policy ... Its a question of timing, when do we do it. We have been discussing that issue all the time in the government.  ",1
15851,Poland to ban Ukrainians with 'anti-Polish views',"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland plans to bar Ukrainians with  anti-Polish views , its foreign minister said on Thursday, emphasizing the nationalist credentials of his ruling party that often talks of the  historic wrongs  inflicted on Poles by their neighbors. Witold Waszczykowski said the policy was a reaction to disrespect shown at a Polish cemetery in the western city of Lviv, which was part of Poland before World War Two.  The foreign ministry said lion sculptures at the cemetery s entrances that hold shields inscribed with the Polish phrases  Always faithful  and  To you, Poland  had been covered up with boxes.  Waszczykowski said Ukrainians who express anti-Polish sentiments or make it difficult to maintain ageing Polish symbols in Ukraine would be refused visas. He did not say how the policy would be applied in practice.  At the moment, we are launching procedures that will not allow people with extremely anti-Polish views to come to Poland ... Those who demonstrate and use administrative instruments against Poland will also bear the consequences,  Waszczykowski told state-run TVP1 television.  Poland is home to between 1.5 million and 2 million Ukrainians who left their country seeking jobs after the 2014 Maidan uprising and conflict with pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine plunged their economy into recession. Despite Poland s support for an independent Ukraine that can stand up to Russia, tensions over the countries  troubled shared history have risen since the Law and Justice (PiS) party came to power in Poland two years ago. Poland last year passed a resolution that declared the World War Two-era killing of tens of thousands of Poles by units in the Ukrainian Insurgent Army (UPA)  genocide . Ukraine rejects that label, saying the killings were tragic and calling for reconciliation and forgiveness. Waszczykowski said Poland s sympathy for Ukraine s struggles with Russia must not push  historical issues  into the background.   It cannot be that geopolitics, that the Russian aggression will be an excuse and that for years we will not settle the issues that divide us,  Waszczykowski said.   ",1
15852,G5 Sahel launches military operation in African scrublands,"DAKAR (Reuters) - A long-awaited multi-national military force in Africa s Sahel region has begun operations to counter escalating Islamist insurgencies, participants in the joint effort said on Thursday.     The G5 Sahel force, backed by France and the United States, launched its campaign on Oct. 28 amid growing unrest in the desert reaches of the Sahel, where jihadists such as al Qaeda and Islamic State-affiliated groups roam undetected, often across long, porous borders.  Last month, Islamist militants killed four U.S. soldiers and at least four Nigeriens in an ambush that highlighted the risks of operating in the remote region. G5 Sahel is made up of troops from Mali, Niger, Chad, Burkina Faso and Mauritania that will police the region in collaboration with 4,000 French troops deployed there since intervening in 2013 to beat back an insurgency in northern Mali.  The first mission, called  HAW BI , comprises several hundred soldiers from Mali, Niger and Burkina Faso, whose shared borderlands have been the epicenter of a surge in militant attacks, G5 Sahel said in a statement.   The operation...aims to achieve an area of control in this region of three borders to fight against armed groups and trafficking, in order to allow the return of a level of security favorable to the tranquility of the populations,  the statement said. The force will eventually swell to 5,000 men from 7 battalions and will also engage in humanitarian and development work, it said.  G5 Sahel, whose command base is in Sevare in central Mali, will also coordinate with MINUSMA, Mali s U.N. peacekeeping mission. MINUSMA has faced frequent attacks in the north where Islamists have regained ground since 2013.  The new force faces a number of challenges, not least in funding. The United States this week promised up to $60 million in support, but that fell short of hopes by France and others that Washington would back direct funding from the United Nations. ",1
15853,"Turkish troops, Kurdish militants clash near Iraqi border, 25 killed: army","DIYARBAKIR, Turkey (Reuters) - Turkish security forces killed 17 Kurdish militants near the border between Iraq and southeast Turkey, the armed forces said on Thursday, after eight members of Turkey s security forces were killed in clashes. Early on Thursday, Turkish forces killed five Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militants in clashes after the militants sought to cross the border into Hakkari province s mountainous Semdinli district, the armed forces said in a statement. It said six Turkish soldiers and two members of the country s state-backed village guard militia were killed in the fighting. A helicopter-backed operation was started in search of further PKK militants, and Turkish warplanes later killed another 12 militants who were trying to escape across the border to northern Iraq, the military said. Separately, President Tayyip Erdogan said another five PKK militants were killed in clashes in the southeastern province of Tunceli. He said the clashes in Turkey s southeast were continuing. The PKK launched a separatist insurgency in 1984 and more than 40,000 people have been killed in the conflict. It is designated a terrorist group by Turkey, the United States and European Union. ",1
15854,Factbox: Gavin Williamson - Britain's new defense minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - Gavin Williamson was appointed as Britain s new defense minister on Thursday after Michael Fallon resigned over his past conduct as Britain s parliament was engulfed by a allegations of sexual harassment. Here are some facts about the 41-year old.     Williamson was previously  Chief Whip , appointed by Prime Minister Theresa May when she became leader in 2016.   Chief Whip is a crucial role which involves enforcing party discipline to make sure lawmakers vote in support of the government in parliament. The term  whip  has its origins in hunting, where a  whipper-in  kept hounds from straying away from the pack. It has been used in parliament since the 18th century.   Williamson owns a pet tarantula call Cronus, which he told the Telegraph newspaper he raised from a spiderling and keeps in parliament.  I have a very paternal sort of approach. It s very much the same sort of love and care that I give to my spider as I give to all MPs (Members of Parliament),  he said in November 2016.   He was first elected in 2010, representing a constituency in central England. From 2013 he served as former prime minister David Cameron s aide in parliament.   A BBC profile said Williamson is a fan of the British version of the television series House of Cards, a fictional story about a Conservative chief whip plotting to become prime minister.   At the Conservative party conference last month Williamson said of his methods in the whip s office:  We take a carrot and stick approach. Personally I don t much like the stick, but it is amazing what can be achieved with a sharpened carrot.    Giles Kenningham, Cameron s former head of political press, told the New Statesman magazine in July:  He understands the heartbeat of the party, he has a forensic knowledge of what s going on, he puts in the work in the tea rooms and the bars. He knows everyone.    Williamson has a Bachelor of Science from the University of Bradford and before entering politics he worked as a managing director of an architectural design firm   Cameron appointed him a Commander of the Order of the British Empire for political and public service. ",1
15855,Leglise-Costa named as new French ambassador to EU,"PARIS (Reuters) - France has appointed Philippe Leglise-Costa as its new permanent representative to the European Union (EU), replacing Pierre Sellal in a crucial role dealing with matters such as Brexit and the EU s budget. The experienced Leglise-Costa was EU adviser to former Socialist President Fran ois Hollande, when current President Emmanuel Macron was deputy chief of staff.  It s a key position,  said government spokesman Castaner, commenting on the appointment.  He is certainly the one who knows European topics the best.          ",1
15856,Russian bombers strike Islamic State targets in Syria: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Six Russian Tu-22M3 long-range bombers struck Islamic State targets near the town of Abu Kemal in Syria on Thursday, RIA news agency reported, citing Russia s Defense Ministry. Command centers and weapon depots were among the targets hit in the air strike, Russia s military said, according to RIA. ",1
15857,Libya considering UK extradition request for Manchester bomber's brother,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libyan authorities are processing a request from Britain to extradite the brother of the bomber who killed 22 people in Manchester in May, but no decision has been taken yet, a government spokesman said on Thursday. The armed group holding the brother said that if the attorney general s office agreed to the request, the force would be  ready for the next step . Salman Abedi, a 22-year-old Briton born to Libyan parents, blew himself up at the end of a show by U.S. singer Ariana Grande in the deadliest militant attack in Britain for 12 years. His victims included seven children. More than 500 people were injured. On Wednesday, British police said they had issued an arrest warrant for his brother, Hashem Abedi, for murder, attempted murder and conspiracy to cause an explosion, and prosecutors had asked Libya to extradite him.  An official request has been received through the Libyan ministry of foreign affairs and the Libyan authorities are cooperating to process (the request) in accordance with Libyan legal procedures,  said Hassan al-Houni, a spokesman for the internationally recognized government in Tripoli.   No decision has been taken yet.  Days after the attack, the Special Deterrence Force (Rada), a counter-terrorism and anti-crime group aligned with the government, arrested Hashem Abedi and the brothers  father Ramadan. The father was released in August. Various armed factions in Tripoli have aligned themselves with the government, some with semi-official status for law enforcement. However, the government, which struggles to impose its authority, has limited power over them. Rada initially said it would not extradite Hashem, but then said it was ready to cooperate.  If there is agreement between the attorney general and the British authorities, we are ready for the next step,  spokesman Ahmad Ben Salim said. The Libyan attorney general s office could not be reached for comment. Islamic State said it was responsible in the immediate aftermath of the bombing but security services have always treated the claim with scepticism. In June, Rada said Hashem Abedi had told them his brother had been radicalised in Britain in 2015. They had both flown from Britain to Libya in April and Hashem said he had helped buy the equipment necessary for the attack although he had not known that Salman was planning a bombing, Rada said. British police say Salman Abedi returned to Manchester on May 18, four days before his attack. The family had emigrated to Britain during the rule of the late Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. The brothers  parents returned to Libya during the 2011 revolution. Police have previously said they believed Salman Abedi had built the bomb himself and CCTV showed him buying nuts from a hardware store that were used as shrapnel as well as the tin that was believed to contain the explosives. ",1
15858,Turkey's defense industry says planning 22 projects worth $5 billion,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey is planning 22 new defense projects worth a total of $5 billion and spanning the development of air defense missile systems, ammunition and arms systems, the defense industry executive board said on Thursday. It also said the board had discussed the modernization and mass production of tanks, combat and general purpose helicopters, as well as the production of new and additional unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) drones. ",1
15859,Spanish prosecutor asks judge to jail Catalan secessionists pending investigation,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s state prosecutor on Thursday asked an High Court judge to jail Catalan secessionist leaders pending an investigation over their role in Catalonia s illegal push for independence, a source with knowledge of the matter said. Nine members of the sacked Catalan administration testified on Thursday on charges of sedition, rebellion and misuse of public funds. The prosecutor recommended one of them, Santi Vila, who stepped down from the Catalan cabinet before a unilateral declaration of independence last Friday and has since then been pushing for a negotiated solution with the government, should be granted bail of 50,000 euros ($58,275.00). ",1
15860,Iraq wants control of Kurdish region's oil exports: state firm,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq wants the Kurdistan region to stop independent crude exports and to hand over sales operations to the Iraqi state-oil marketer SOMO, the company s director said on Thursday. Iraq is talking to Turkey to allow SOMO to sell the Kurdish crude that arrives by pipeline in Ceyhan, the Turkish terminal on the Mediterranean, acting SOMO director general Alaa al-Yasiri told reporters in Baghdad. About 530,000 barrels per day (bpd) used to arrive in Ceyhan via the pipeline until mid-October, of which about half came from the Kurdistan Regional Government s oilfields and the rest from Kirkuk, a disputed province claimed by both the Kurdish region and Iraqi authorities in Baghdad. Output from Kirkuk fell in mid-October, when Iraqi forces took back control of the northern region s oilfields from Kurdish fighters who had been there since 2014. Kurdish Peshmerga forces deployed in Kirkuk in 2014, when the Iraqi army fled in the face of an advance by Islamic State militants. The Kurdish move prevented the militants taking control of the oilfields.      The pipeline carried on average 419,000 bpd in October, down from 600,000 bpd in September, said Farid al-Jadir, the director general of North Oil Company, which operates Kirkuk. NOC should resume exports from Kirkuk through the Kurdish pipeline this month, after the two sides agree on terms of use, Yasiri said. Kirkuk would also export by tanker trucks about 15,000 bpd to the refinery of Kermanshah in Iran, he added. Yasiri expected an old pipeline that bypasses most of the Kurdistan region to resume operation in three months.  The pipeline was severely damaged by Islamic State after it took over Mosul s Nineveh province in 2014. U.S.-backed Iraqi forces ousted the group from Mosul in July, after a nine-month campaign supported by Kurdish Peshmerga fighters. Iraq, the second-largest producer of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries after Saudi Arabia, supported any future decision by the group to support oil prices, Yasiri said.  OPEC is expected to extend curbs on oil output when it meets in Vienna at the end of month. ",1
15861,"Manila to focus on terrorism at Southeast Asian summit, urge greater cooperation","MANILA (Reuters) - Two weeks ahead of a regional summit, Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Thursday urged greater cooperation to battle Islamist militancy, following military victories in Iraq, Syria and the southern Philippine city of Marawi. Philippine Foreign Minister Alan Peter Cayetano said Duterte would discuss the fight against terrorism, a key priority, with ASEAN leaders and regional partners, including U.S. President Donald Trump, gathering at a summit in Manila on Nov. 13.   The defeat suffered by the Islamic State in Iraq, Syria, and the Philippines does not mean the fight is over,  Cayetano said in a statement a day after an Islamic State-inspired attack in New York killed eight people and injured 11.   The terrorist attacks in New York and other places abroad during the past several weeks tell us the threat remains real.  In Marawi, soldiers killed two pro-Islamic State gunmen and arrested an Indonesian militant a week after the army declared victory over the Maute group, which occupied large parts of the lakeside city for five months.  It was the biggest security crisis in years for the Roman Catholic-majority Philippines, triggering concerns the island of Mindanao could become a magnet for Islamic State fighters driven out of Iraq and Syria. More than 1,100 people, mostly rebels, were killed in the battle and air strike have leveled the heart of the city of 200,000. Six army battalions are still in the ruined city hunting the remaining militants, who number about 40, based on information from the captured Indonesian, said Colonel Romeo Brawner, deputy commander of a military task force. Cayetano said the Philippines, during the ASEAN summit, want to deepen and strengthen its cooperation with allies, by stepping up efforts to share intelligence, training and build resources, among others. Also on the summit agenda are North Korea s ballistic missile tests and nuclear weapons program, overlapping claims in the South China Sea and wider regional trade pacts. The Philippines will urge its allies to step up efforts to hunt down Islamic State and affiliates worldwide. There are still two smaller pro-Islamic State militant groups in the southern Philippines. ",1
15862,Support for Hungary's ruling Fidesz highest in six years in October: pollster,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Voter support for Hungary s ruling right-wing Fidesz party rose to its highest since January 2011 at 40 percent according to an opinion poll published on Thursday, less than six months before parliamentary elections due in April 2018. Prime Minister Viktor Orban s Fidesz party looks like the runaway favorite to win a third straight term, campaigning with a fierce anti-immigrant message, coupled with increased spending on wage rises and promising more money to pensioners. Pollster Median said Fidesz  support rose to 40 percent in October from 36 percent in September, while the main radical nationalist opposition party Jobbik lost some of its support. Jobbik s support dropped to 11 percent from 12 percent, while the Socialists scored 7 percent in October, the same as in September. Among decided voters, Fidesz, which won a two-thirds majority in parliament in 2014, was even stronger: its support rose to 61 percent in October from 55 in September, while Jobbik dropped to 14 percent from 16. Endre Hann, managing director of pollster Median, said Fidesz voters showed an unusual determination and willingness to vote according to their survey conducted between Oct. 20 and 24.  And also there is kind of a self-fulfilling process: more and more people feel that the opposition does not have any chance (in next year s election),  he said, adding that the opposition remained fragmented. The Socialist Party s candidate to be prime minister after the 2018 parliamentary election resigned last month, further weakening the leftist party. There is an array of other smaller leftist parties all vying for enough votes to get into parliament. Another pollster, Tarki, said Fidesz  support rose to 39 percent in October from 35 percent in July in the whole population, while Jobbik s support dropped to 10 percent from 11 percent.  The strengthening of the ruling parties is due to some of the uncertain voters choosing them, rather than luring away supporters of opposition parties,  Tarki said. According to Median, about 30 percent of voters have no party preference. Tarki put the undecided camp at 34 percent. ",1
15863,Malaysian state's royal council urges sedition probe of former leader Mahathir,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - A Malaysian state s royal council on Thursday urged authorities to investigate former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad for sedition over his alleged insult to those who trace descent from the southeast Asian region s ancient Bugis seafaring community. Over the past few weeks, Mahathir, 93, has been sharply criticized for comments at an opposition rally last month where he is reported to have described Prime Minister Najib Razak as a  Bugis pirate . Mahathir s remarks about his former protege came in the context of alleged mismanagement of billions of dollars by state fund 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB), in which Najib has denied all wrongdoing.  An investigation and legal action must be taken against Dr Mahathir under the Sedition Act, 1948, or any related laws,  the royal council of the western state of Selangor said in a statement issued by its secretary, Hanafisah Jais. Mahathir s comments at the rally were  excessive , it added, and could spark hatred for those of Bugis ethnicity, besides which the speech  indirectly insults  the Bugis lineage of the sultanate of Selangor. Selangor Sultan Sharafuddin Idris Shah urged all parties, particularly politicians, to avoid use of racial issues for political capital as this could disrupt harmony and unity, the statement said. The police were not immediately available for comment. Mahathir s office did not immediately respond to a Reuters  request for comment. The former prime minister last month said his criticism targeted only those of Bugis ancestry who stole the people s money, news reports have said. A body representing Malaysia s Bugis community demanded that Mahathir apologize and retract his statement, state news agency Bernama said last month. Thousands of Malaysians rallied on Oct. 14 in the finale of a two-month-long opposition roadshow aimed at convincing majority Malay Muslim voters in rural battleground areas that Malaysia has suffered from Najib s handling of 1MDB. Najib has so far been able to weather the scandal, consolidating power by clamping down on dissenters and curbing domestic media and activists, even as he faces a fierce challenge from Mahathir, who was prime minister for 22 years. But Najib s popularity took a hit from persistent bad press linked to 1MDB, especially after the U.S. Department of Justice filed civil suits to recover more than $1.7 billion alleged to have been misappropriated from the 1MDB fund. Originally seafarers who hailed from Indonesia, the Bugis community established sultanates on the Malaysian peninsula. Their Malaysian descendants are considered to be part of the Malay majority, that makes up more than half of Malaysia s population of nearly 33 million. ",1
15864,British PM May appoints Julian Smith as chief whip: statement,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May appointed lawmaker Julian Smith as her new Chief Whip on Thursday, promoting him to head the office which is responsible for making sure May s Conservatives vote in support of the government. Smith, 46, had previously been a deputy chief whip. He replaces Gavin Williamson who was earlier appointed as defense minister. The government said lawmaker Esther McVey would take on Smith s former role. ",1
15865,Kenya chief justice says police 'enhanced' security after shooting,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s chief justice said the national police chief had  enhanced  the security of Supreme Court judges after one of their bodyguards was shot, denying a Reuters report that a request for extra security had been turned down.  The judges  safety was thrust into focus last week after the shooting, which occurred on Tuesday evening. The next day, five out of seven judges failed to come to court to issue a judgment on an election petition seeking to delay the next day s presidential poll, sparking widespread speculation of intimidation. A senior judicial source told Reuters earlier this week that after the shooting the judges, who are normally allocated one bodyguard, had requested another vehicle, known as a  chaser car , to follow or go ahead of them as they moved around the country. The source, who was not available to speak on Thursday, said this request was turned down.  The source also said the judges were upset at the government s characterisation of the shooting as a crime rather than an attempt to intimidate judges who had recently annulled the August election victory of President Uhuru Kenyatta. The statement, issued by Chief Justice David Maraga s office late on Wednesday, said the story was wrong.  To the contrary, the Inspector General of Police has in fact enhanced the security of Supreme Court judges,  it said.  It did not give further details.  Interior Ministry spokesman Mwenda Njoka said Deputy Chief Justice Philomena Mwilu had been allocated six police to guard her after the shooting of her bodyguard, who is in hospital in stable condition. He declined to comment on whether any other judges had requested extra security, but noted that both the interior minister and chief of police had promised they could have whatever they requested.  He said he was not able to give details of the extra security provided because  that in itself would be a breach of security protocols .  Kenyatta won the repeat presidential poll on Oct. 26 with 98 percent of the vote after opposition leader Raila Odinga withdrew from the race, saying it would not be fair.  The repeat election was ordered by the Supreme Court after it nullified the results of a poll on Aug. 8 due to procedural irregularities. The election board said Kenyatta won that election by 1.4 million votes. ",1
15866,Swiss admit drone test bungle in Golan Heights,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Switzerland s defense ministry has admitted sending staff to test reconnaissance drones in contested land held by Israel - an embarrassing blow for the neutral European country s status as an honest broker in the Middle East. Swiss officials visited an airfield in the Golan Heights region on three occasions in 2012, 2013 and 2015 to monitor tests of the Israeli-built Hermes 900 aircraft that they are    buying for $265 million. The visits, which lasted several days, took place in an area which Switzerland does not recognize as being part of Israel, which took the land from Syria following a 1967 war. Following an internal review this year, the Swiss found the presence of their personnel at the airfield contradicted the Swiss position on the Middle East conflict, the ministry said. The visits took place without the knowledge of the Swiss foreign ministry. No further visits have taken place since the affair came to light, it said in a statement.  This incident was a communication breakdown,  it said.  Those who were informed about the activities did not realize Swiss officials were not allowed to be there and those who knew about the restrictions were not informed about the planned activities.  Future tests will now take place at an airfield within Israel, it added, with the drones due to enter service in 2020. Switzerland has frequently acted as a broker in the Middle East, most recently hosting peace talks about the Syrian civil war in Geneva and carrying out consular services for Iran and Saudi Arabia in their respective countries.  This case damages the credibility of Switzerland with regards to all governments in the region which are in conflict with Israel,  veteran diplomat Tim Guldimann, a lawmaker from the Social Democrat party, told the Tages-Anzeiger paper. ",1
15867,South Korea spy agency sees signs of planned new missile test by North,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea may be planning a new missile test, South Korea s spy agency told lawmakers on Thursday, after brisk activity was spotted at its research facilities, just days before U.S. President Donald Trump visits Seoul.  Reclusive North Korea has carried out a series of nuclear and missile tests in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions, but has not launched any missiles since firing one over Japan on Sept. 15, the longest such lull this year. However a flurry of activity including the movement of vehicles has been detected at the North s missile research facilities in Pyongyang, where the most recent missile test was conducted, pointing to another possible launch, South Korea s Intelligence Service said in a briefing to lawmakers. It did not say how the activity was detected. North Korea has made no secret of its plans to perfect a nuclear-tipped missile capable of reaching the U.S. mainland. It     regularly threatens to destroy the United States and its  puppet , South Korea.  There is a possibility of a new missile launch given the active movement of vehicles around the missile research institute in Pyongyang. The North will constantly push for further nuclear tests going forward, and the miniaturization and diversification of warheads,  the intelligence agency said at the briefing. The North s nuclear testing site in the northwestern town of Punggye-ri could have been damaged by its sixth and largest nuclear test on Sept. 3, according to Kim Byung-kee, Yi Wan-young and Lee Tae-gyu, members of South Korea s parliamentary intelligence committee. The explosion triggered an aftershock within eight minutes and three additional shocks. Japanese broadcaster TV Asahi, citing unnamed sources, said on Tuesday a tunnel at the test site collapsed after that explosion, possibly killing more than 200 people. Reuters has not been able to verify the report which North Korea on Thursday denounced as false and defamatory. Pyongyang will likely detonate more devices as it tries to master the miniaturization of nuclear warheads to put atop missiles, the lawmakers said.  The third tunnel at the Punggye-ri complex remained ready for another test  at any time , while construction had resumed at a fourth tunnel, making it unable to be used  for a considerable amount of time , they added.  Trump is to visit five Asian nations in coming days for talks in which North Korea will be a major focus. The visit includes the North s lone major ally, China, and U.S. allies Japan and South Korea, which have watched with increasing worry as Trump and North Korea have exchanged bellicose rhetoric. ",1
15868,Kremlin calls updated U.S. sanctions on Russia extremely negative,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Thursday that Moscow regarded updated U.S. sanctions on Russia extremely negatively. The U.S. Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control on Tuesday published an amendment which bans U.S. entities from helping sanctioned Russian oil companies in exploration or production for deepwater, Arctic offshore, or shale projects anywhere in the world. Peskov said extending the original sanctions to cover projects globally was unacceptable for Moscow. ",1
15869,Ousted Pakistani prime minister Nawaz Sharif returns to face trial,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan s ousted prime minister Nawaz Sharif returned home on Thursday to face trial in an anti-corruption case he calls political revenge but which opposition leaders have termed as accountability for the rich and powerful. Sharif, who had been in London with his wife who is undergoing cancer treatment, is due to appear in court on Friday over allegations linked to London properties the family owns, charges that could see the former premier jailed. Allies of Sharif, who has served as prime minister twice and was toppled in a military coup in 1999, have called the proceedings a political vendetta and hinted at intervention by elements of the powerful army. Sharif, 67, denounced the process in an interview on Wednesday in London before flying home.  This case in the National Accountability Bureau is highly bogus and fake, which doesn t have links to corruption,  he told Geo TV, comparing the process to charges laid against him after General Pervez Musharraf seized power in 1999.  There is no kickback or misappropriation of the national exchequer,  he added. The Supreme Court disqualified Sharif from office in July over unreported sources of annual income of about $10,000, a salary the former premier denies ever receiving. The high court also ordered the National Accountability Bureau (NAB) to investigate and conduct a trial into the Sharif family s wider finances, including the London properties. Sharif maintains control of the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) party, which elected close ally Shahid Khaqi Abbasi as prime minister after Sharif was disqualified. Also facing trial before the NAB court is Sharif s daughter Maryam and her husband, Muhammad Safdar. They have all pleaded not guilty. The allegations stem from the Panama Papers leaks in 2016 that appeared to show that Maryam and her two brothers owned offshore holding companies registered in the British Virgin Islands and used them to buy upscale flats in London. A Supreme Court-appointed investigatory panel deemed that the family s wealth did not match its income, and accused Maryam and her brothers of signing forged documents to obscure ownership of companies used to buy the properties. The Supreme Court has ordered the NAB investigation and trial to be concluded within six months, which would probably bring a verdict before general elections due next year. Maryam Sharif, who has increasingly played a prominent role in the PML-N, has been seen as her father s political heir. This week, however, two party insiders said the leadership had decided that Shahbaz Sharif, the former premier s brother, was likely to be the party s candidate for prime minister next year. ",1
15870,North Korea dismisses report that sixth nuclear test killed many people,"Seoul (Reuters) - North Korea s state media on Thursday dismissed as  misinformation  a recent media report that the North s sixth nuclear test killed many people. Japanese broadcaster TV Asahi reported on Tuesday, citing unnamed sources familiar with the issue, that North Korea s nuclear test site collapsed after Pyongyang s sixth atomic test in September, possibly killing more than 200 people. The North s official KCNA said it was a  false report  intended to slander the country and its advances in nuclear development. ",1
15871,Britain's defense minister resigns in growing harassment scandal,"LONDON (Reuters) - British defense minister Michael Fallon quit on Wednesday, the first resignation in a growing sexual harassment scandal that  prompted calls for a wholesale change in the  locker room  culture in parliament. Members of Prime Minister Theresa May s Conservative Party said the first high-profile resignation in the scandal showed it was time for reform at the 800-year-old parliament, where power is concentrated in lawmakers  hands and wielded, often unchecked, over junior aides. The loss of Fallon, described by Conservative sources as a political  Rottweiler , leaves May with a hole in her cabinet, already at odds on everything from Britain s departure from the European Union to the government s austerity agenda. Weakened after losing her party s majority in a June election, May will want to move swiftly to appoint a replacement with as little disruption as possible. In his letter of resignation to May, Fallon, who had apologized earlier this week for repeatedly touching a radio presenter s knee in 2002, said there had been many allegations about lawmakers, including  some about my previous conduct .  Many of these have been false but I accept that in the past I have fallen below the high standards that we require of the armed forces that I have the honor to represent,  he said, offering no detail on the nature of any other allegations.  I have reflected on my position and I am therefore resigning as defense secretary.  May replied in a letter saying she appreciated  the characteristically serious manner  in which Fallon had considered his position and  the particular example you wish to set to servicemen and women and others . The prime minister was expected to announce a new defense minister on Thursday and is unlikely to launch a major reshuffle of her cabinet at a time when she is trying to push forward Brexit talks. Dependent on the support of a small Northern Irish party for a majority in parliament, May will be keen to try to limit the fallout of the scandal, which has prompted allegations of sexual abuse or misconduct against lawmakers across parliament. Sexual abuse allegations against Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein have prompted hundreds of thousands of women and men to share stories about improper behavior and Britain s parliament - a bastion of tradition - has been no exception. Ruth Davidson, leader of the Conservatives in Scotland, said it was time to break with a culture in politics when powerful people  use positions of power to demand things from others .  The dam has broken on this now, and these male-dominated professions where the boys-own locker room culture has prevailed and it s all been a bit of a laugh, has got to stop,  she told the BBC. Allegations of sexual abuse have ranged from a charge of rape by an activist in the opposition Labour Party by a senior party member, to unconfirmed details of serial  sex pests  on a list reportedly drafted by aides and researchers in parliament. On Monday, May sat beside the leader of the House of Commons Andrea Leadsom as she set out the government s plans to tackle sexual harassment, including measures to enforce a code of conduct and to set up an independent grievance procedure. May has ordered investigations into a report that one of her ministers asked a female secretary to buy sex toys and an allegation her deputy, Damian Green, made an inappropriate sexual advance on a young woman - something he denies. The prime minister, who has long championed the careers of female lawmakers, said on Wednesday that action would be taken when there were allegations and evidence of sexual misconduct.  I am very clear that we will take action against those where there are allegations that we see, and the evidence is there, that there has been misconduct,  May told lawmakers. ",1
15872,Scottish lawmakers call for international recognition for Catalan independence,"EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Pro-independence Scottish lawmakers have presented a motion in their devolved parliament urging international recognition of Catalonia s unilateral declaration of independence from Spain, putting pressure on Scotland s leader to endorse the movement. Scotland s pro-independence First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has criticized Madrid s handling of the crisis with its northern region but refrained from backing the declaration. The European Union, which she would like to see admitting a future independent Scotland, has backed Spain s central government. According to the website of the Scottish parliament, the lawmakers  motion called on  the international community to recognize the vote of the Catalan parliament for an independent republic of Catalonia . Catalonia declared independence unilaterally last week after holding a vote banned under Spain s constitution. Spain has since sacked the autonomous Catalan government and called regional elections. The motion was signed by 21 of the 63 lawmakers in the Scottish National Party which runs the devolved government in Scotland. It was also signed by one lawmaker from the Scottish Greens but is unlikely to go further as it requires support from three parties to be debated in the Scottish parliament. The move, aimed at drawing attention to the Catalan situation, comes amid nervousness about the future of Scotland s stalled independence drive, which still has the support of around 45 percent of voters, according to polls. Some nationalists last month called on First Minister Sturgeon, who has made comments in support of Catalonia and its right to self-determination, to recognize Catalonia s independence, but to no avail.   We cannot recognize Catalan independence because, much as we would like to be, we are not a sovereign state,  a Scottish government source said at the time. The Times reported on Thursday that the Catalan breakaway government had asked for support from the Scottish government but received no reply. The Scottish government could not immediately be reached for comment. Sturgeon s Scottish National Party lost one third of its seats in a June election for Britain s national party in London, and has blamed the mistiming of a fresh drive for an independence referendum for the result. Scots rejected independence by a 10-percentage point margin in 2014 but Britain s vote to leave the European Union has exposed fresh divisions in the United Kingdom. Scotland and Northern Ireland voted to stay in the EU, while Wales and England voted to leave. ",1
15873,Arrest warrant for ex-Catalan leader 'normal' if he doesn't testify: Supreme court,"MADRID (Reuters) - If the ousted Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont fails to appear in court, the normal procedure would be to issue an arrest warrant, the president of Spain s Supreme Court said on Thursday.   When someone doesn t appear after being cited by a judge to testify, in Spain or any other EU country, normally an arrest warrant is issued,  Supreme Court President Carlos Lesmes said. Puigdemont said on Wednesday he would ignore a court order to return to Spain to answer charges over the region s push for independence. He did not turn up at a High Court hearing on Thursday. ",1
15874,Moscow hopes Syrian opposition will attend Russia-backed congress: Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia hopes that all Syrian opposition groups will attend a Moscow-backed Syrian congress in southern Russia on Nov. 18 despite some objections, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Mikhail Bogdanov said on Thursday, the Interfax news agency reported. The event, called the Syrian Congress on National Dialogue, was first mentioned by President Vladimir Putin last month who said he believed that militants in Syria would soon be defeated. It is due to be held in the Black Sea resort of Sochi.  But while Damascus has backed the Russian plan, some opposition groups have rejected the idea, calling it an attempt to rehabilitate President Bashar al-Assad s government. They have said they will stick to U.N.-brokered Geneva peace talks. Asked if Moscow still hoped to see opposition groups like the High Negotiations Committee, which has refused to come, attending, Interfax cited Bogdanov as saying:  We hope that everyone who believes that the fate of the country, its unity, its territorial integrity and its sovereignty are important will participate.  ",1
15875,Syrian opposition: Russia conference aims to rehabilitate Assad,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The main Syrian opposition body said on Thursday a Russian-sponsored Syrian peace conference later this month represented a deviation from U.N.-led diplomacy and an attempt to rehabilitate President Bashar al-Assad s government.  We, in the High Negotiations Committee (HNC), insist on rejecting discussion of Syria s future outside the legal, U.N. framework,  the HNC said in a statement sent to Reuters. ",1
15876,Russia wants $2 billion from Turkey for S-400 air defense missiles: TASS,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia has sold its advanced S-400 air defense missile system to Turkey for over $2 billion, Sergei Chemezov, the head of state conglomerate Rostec, said on Thursday, the TASS news agency reported. The deal with Turkey, a NATO member, has caused some disquiet in the United States. Turkey originally awarded a $3.4 billion contract for a defense system to China in 2013, but canceled that two years later, saying it would concentrate on developing a system domestically. ",1
15877,China's Xi says hopes to promote relations with North Korea: KCNA,"SEOUL/BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping replied to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un s congratulatory message on China s Communist Party Congress, saying he hopes to promote ties between the two countries, North Korea s state news agency said on Thursday. The friendly exchange is relatively routine, but it comes as China has come under intense pressure from the United States to do more to rein in the North s missile and nuclear tests, which have raised tensions globally. China has been increasingly frustrated over ally North Korea s weapons tests in defiance of U.N. resolutions, repeatedly calling for restraint and urging all sides to speak and act carefully. Xi s message comes days before U.S. President Donald Trump makes his first official visit to Asia, with North Korea high on the agenda. It follows Tuesday s unexpected agreement between Seoul and Beijing to move beyond a year-long dispute over the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system in South Korea.  I wish that under the new situation, the Chinese side would make efforts with the DPRK side to promote relations between the two parties and the two countries to sustainable soundness and stable development and thus make a positive contribution to ... defending regional peace and stability and common prosperity,  Xi wrote in the message dated Nov. 1, according to the North s official news agency KCNA. DPRK stands for the Democratic People s Republic of Korea, North Korea s official name. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying did not give details of the message from Xi to Kim but confirmed it had been sent to express thanks for Kim s congratulatory messages. Many countries had sent messages to China over the congress and, to be polite, China had written back to say thank you to them, she added.  I believe this is in the interests of both sides and has important meaning for resolving the present problem we are facing and maintaining regional peace and stability,  Hua told a daily news briefing in Beijing. The message had yet to be carried by Chinese state media as of Thursday afternoon. China and North Korea often exchange diplomatic correspondence and ceremonial letters, although personal messages between the leaders tend to be few. Zhao Tong, a North Korea expert at the Carnegie-Tsinghua Center in Beijing, said the exchange of messages appeared  totally routine , while noting that Kim s congratulatory message was shorter than one sent after the previous Communist Party congress five years ago, when Xi first came to power. After a flurry of activity including a sixth nuclear test on Sept. 3, Pyongyang did not disrupt last month s party congress with another test as some analysts had expected. It has not tested a missile since launching one over Japan on Sept. 15, the longest such lull this year. But Zhao said this was likely due to  technical reasons rather than political reasons .  There are no signs that they are going to give up on additional missile or nuclear tests,  he said. Nam Seong-wook, a professor of North Korea Studies at Korea University in Seoul, said Xi s reply to Kim could be interpreted as  China s strategic ambition to embrace both North Korea and South Korea  ahead of Trump s visits to South Korea and China.  Xi has previously sent messages to Kim, most recently last year when Xi expressed his congratulations for a party congress in North Korea. Neither leader has visited the other s country since assuming power. Kim sent a congratulatory message to Xi last week at the end of China s Communist Party Congress, wishing him  great success  as head of the nation. ",1
15878,Niger defense minister asks U.S. to deploy armed drones against militants," (This Nov. 1 story refiles to fix typo in author s name) By Tim Cocks and Abdoulaye Massalatchi NIAMEY (Reuters) - Niger has asked the United States to start using armed drones against jihadist groups operating on the Mali border, raising the stakes in a counter-insurgency campaign jolted by a deadly ambush of allied U.S.-Nigerien forces.       On Oct. 4, Islamist militants with sniper rifles and rocket propelled grenades killed four U.S. soldiers and at least four of their Nigerien partners in an ambush that exposed the dangers of an expanding U.S. presence in the largely desert nation.     What began as a small U.S. training operation has expanded to an 800-strong force that accompanies the Nigeriens on intelligence gathering and other missions. It includes a $100million drone base in the central Nigerien city of Agadez which, however, at present only deploys surveillance drones.      I asked them some weeks ago to arm them (the drones) and use them as needed,  Defence Minister Kalla Mountari told Reuters in an interview in his office. Asked if Washington had accepted the request, he said:  Our enemies will find out.      The deaths of the U.S. soldiers, at the hands of suspected insurgents with the Islamic State in the Greater Sahara group, shocked Americans, many of whom did not realize their country had such a large presence in Africa s Sahel region. The incident also highlighted the  mission creep  that has set in and expanded the U.S. role in landlocked Niger, one of the world s poorest and most insecure countries.      Mountari said the team of 12 U.S. Special Forces soldiers  and 30 Nigerien troops had been  right up to the Mali border and had neutralized some bandits  just before the ambush took place. He declined to give further details. The U.S. military has been adamant that the Oct. 3-4 mission was not intended to involve contact with enemy forces. Mountari said:  They (U.S.-Nigerien contingent) came back to Niger, they greeted the population, they gathered intelligence and it was inside the country, when they didn t expect anything, that the attack happened.      U.S. forces do not have a direct combat mission in Niger, but their assistance to its military does include intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance in their efforts to target violent Islamist organizations.    However, Mountari was clear he saw them as close partners.      The Americans are not just exchanging information with us. They are waging war when necessary,  he said.      We are working hand in hand. The clear proof is that the Americans and Nigeriens fell on the battlefield for the peace and security of our country.       But a growing U.S. role in Niger could prove unpopular both with Americans, many of whom are tired of costly and sometimes deadly foreign adventures, and in Niger, whose citizens have mixed feelings about foreign forces on their soil.     Drone strikes have been controversial in other parts of the world because of the risk of civilian casualties. At a protest rally over a domestic political issue on Sunday, dozens of demonstrators also began chanting against the presence of foreign troops in Niger, a Reuters witness said.        ",1
15879,Filipino lawyers' group challenges Duterte's war on drugs,"MANILA (Reuters) - Filipino lawyers on Thursday announced a broad alliance to challenge President Rodrigo Duterte s 16-month war on drugs amid unprecedented scrutiny of the campaign in which more than 3,900 mostly urban, poor Filipinos have been killed. Police say the deaths were in self-defense after armed suspects resisted arrest. Critics dispute that and say executions are taking place, with zero accountability. Lawyers Against Extrajudicial Killings adds to a growing number of voices calling on the government to end the campaign.  It is the duty of all lawyers to consistently, uncompromisingly uphold and defend human rights,  said Edre Olalia, head of the National Union of People s Lawyers and one of the group s organizers.  Duterte s spokesman, Harry Roque, a congressman and human rights lawyer, denied rights violations on the part of the president but welcomed the new group.   Unless we can come up with actual evidence that there are extra-legal killings, then we cannot overcome the presumption (of regularity in the discharge of official functions),  Roque said.  He (Duterte) will not tolerate murders. He will only tolerate killings when it is in line with duty and when the engagement is legal,  Roque, who had prosecuted on behalf of murdered journalists, told reporters.  ",1
15880,Actor Russell Crowe criticizes Australian bid to move asylum seekers,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - The 600 asylum seekers barricaded inside an abandoned detention center in Papua New Guinea without food or running water are Australia s  shame , Oscar-winning actor Russell Crowe said on Thursday, offering to house six of the detainees. For two days, the men in the Manus Island Centre have  defied efforts by Australia and Papua New Guinea to close the camp, saying they fear violence from the local community if they are moved elsewhere. The stand-off was a  disgrace,  the star of the films  Gladiator  and  Les Mis rables  told his 2.7 million followers in a series of messages on social network Twitter.  I believe I could house and find jobs for six,  Crowe tweeted.  I m sure there d be other Australians who would do the same.  The stand-off has prompted condemnation, particularly from bodies such as the United Nations, though Crowe s intervention could spotlight the issue at a time when some detainees are showing the ill-effects of having no food for two days. A spokeswoman for Australia s immigration minister Peter Dutton refused to comment. She said there had been no change in the government s policy of refusing to allow any asylum seekers arriving by boat to reach Australian shores, and detaining them instead in camps in Papua New Guinea and Nauru in the South Pacific. The issue will be a key element of talks between Australia s Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and his New Zealand counterpart Jacinda Ardern on Sunday in Sydney. Ardern has said a 2013 offer by former Prime Minister John Key to resettle 150 refugees held in Australian detention centers remains on the table. Crowe, a New Zealand citizen who has lived in Australia for many years, received the Best Actor award of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in 2001, for his performance in  Gladiator . ",1
15881,Inquiry ordered into deadly Indian power plant blast,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Indian authorities on Thursday ordered an inquiry to determine within seven days the cause of a blast at a coal-fired power plant that killed 26 people and injured more than 100   one of the country s worst industrial accidents in years. More than 20 survivors were battling for life with severe burn injuries following Wednesday s blast at the 1,550-megawatt plant operated by state-owned NTPC in northern Uttar Pradesh state, state officials said. Arvind Kumar, a principal secretary, said some of the severely injured had been taken to a hospital in the state capital Lucknow.  Blockages in the flue gas pipe in a unit led to the blast. Hot flue gases and steam let out by the blast severely injured several workers,  Sanjay Kumar Khatri, the top government official of Rae Bareli district where the plant is located, told Reuters on Thursday.  A magisterial inquiry has been initiated. This two-member technical team will submit findings within seven days,  Khatri said. NTPC is the country s top power producer and accidents have been rare at its facilities. Senior state police official Anand Kumar said in a statement posted online on Wednesday that ash had piled up in the furnace beneath the boiler, which led to building up of pressure resulting in the explosion. The state government has offered cash compensation of 200,000 rupees ($3,097) to the families of the deceased, 50,000 rupees for the severely injured and half of that to those who sustained minor injuries, Khatri said. The plant in the town of Unchahar supplies electricity to nine states, NTPC s website showed. But the company said other facilities would make up for the shortfall and outages were unlikely. The 500 MW unit, where the mishap occurred, had been operating since April and is under shut down after the accident. The other five units of the station are operating normally, NTPC said in a statement.  This is most unfortunate. NTPC has initiated an inquiry into the incident. We are not a company that will take any risk. We have so many units that if power cannot be supplied by one, it can be given by the other. It was a sudden accident,  an NTPC official, who did not wish to be quoted, said. ",1
15882,Iraq threatens to resume military operations against Kurds,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces threatened on Wednesday to resume operations to capture northern Kurdish-held territory after accusing authorities there of delaying handing over control of Iraq s borders with Turkey, Iran and Syria. Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi on Friday declared a pause in an offensive that began on Oct. 16 to take over areas claimed both by his government and the autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG). Abadi ordered economic and military retaliation against the KRG after Iraqi Kurds voted for independence in September in a referendum that Baghdad declared illegal. He said the truce was meant to allow Iraqi troops to deploy without hindrance in the disputed areas and at the international borders. Kurdish officials said on Tuesday they were willing to allow Iraqi  oversight  at the border but said the KRG had to remain in control of crossings into the Kurdish region.  The Iraqi Joint Operations Command accused the KRG of using the talks to  buy time  in order to strengthen Kurdish lines.  During the negotiations, the (Kurdish) region was moving its forces and building new defenses,  the Iraqi statement said.  We will not allow it; the federal forces are mandated to secure (the disputed) areas and borders.  The Kurdish Peshmerga fighters  command accused Iraqi forces of massing weapons and threatening force to resolve  domestic political differences.  Iraq s entire land border with Turkey is located inside the Kurdish autonomous region, and has been controlled by the Kurds since before the fall of Saddam Hussein in 2003. Iraqis troops on Tuesday set up positions between the Turkish and the Iraqi Kurdish checkpoints at the Habur border crossing between the Turkish town of Silopi and the Iraqi town of Zakho. That meant vehicles crossing the border were subject to three checks. Control of the border area is of crucial importance for the landlocked Kurdish region. An oil pipeline runs from northern Iraq into Turkey, carrying crude exports which are the Kurds  in principal source of funds. ",1
15883,One in five Indonesian students support Islamic caliphate: survey,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Nearly 20 percent of high school and university students in Indonesia support the establishment of a caliphate in the world s largest Muslim-majority country over the current secular government, a new survey showed this week. Indonesia has in recent years seen its long-standing reputation for religious tolerance come under scrutiny as hardline Islamic groups muscle their way into public and political life in the young democracy.     The vast majority of Indonesians practice a moderate form of Islam and the country has sizeable minorities of Hindus, Christians, and people who adhere to traditional beliefs. Religious diversity is enshrined in its constitution.      The survey by a Jakarta-based organization polled over 4,200 Muslim students, mostly in top schools and universities on Java island, home to over half the country s population. Nearly one in four students said they were, to varying degrees, ready to wage jihad to achieve a caliphate.  This indicates that intolerant teachings have already entered top universities and high schools,  pollster Alvara, which carried out the survey, said in its report released Tuesday.  The government and moderate Islamic organizations must start taking tangible steps to anticipate this and be present in student circles with language that is easy for them to understand,  the report added. A presidential spokesman declined to comment on the findings.     Hardline Islamic groups late last year led mass street rallies against Jakarta s former governor, a Christian, whom they believed had insulted Islam. They eventually succeeded in derailing Basuki Tjahaja Purnama s re-election bid in April this year, and he was subsequently jailed for blasphemy. The ruling was criticized globally as unjust.  Groups like the Islamic Defenders Front (FPI) call for sharia law to be imposed on the country and believe its leaders should only be Muslim. The survey showed that the vast majority of students disagree with the establishment of an Islamic caliphate and violence.      But authorities have repeatedly warned against the creeping influence of radical Islamic thought among student organizations and in campus activities. President Joko Widodo and his government are trying to contain the rising influence of hairline groups, especially in universities and Islamic boarding schools. A presidential decree banning any civil organizations deemed to go against the country s secular state ideology was approved by parliament last month. Hizb-ut-Tahrir, a largely peaceful organization that calls for the establishment of a caliphate in Indonesia, was the first group to be disbanded under the decree.   President Widodo has made several speeches at Islamic boarding schools around the country emphasizing Indonesia s diversity and the importance of national unity. In September, Widodo called at a conference of around 3,000 university rectors  for the promotion of the country s secular ideology,  Pancasila , in education. ",1
15884,Mexico women protest violence in skeletal Day of Dead march,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Wearing black clothing and skeletal face paint, dozens of women marched in downtown Mexico City on Wednesday to commemorate the growing number of women murdered and pressure the government to put an end to what they say is the rampant impunity fueling it. About 200 protesters held photos of murdered sisters, daughters and friends while chanting  not one more  in a procession that was a somber contrast to festive events elsewhere in the capital on the eve of Day of the Dead. Homicides of women have risen by nearly a quarter on average under President Enrique Pena Nieto compared with the previous administration, and Mexico s total murder tally is on track to hit the highest level in its modern history this year.  As women we face a lot of danger,  said Claudia Correa, whose 21 year-old daughter, was found dead near her home in Veracruz state last month with stab wounds in the chest and neck, after speaking one evening with her ex-boyfriend. Correa said the ex-boyfriend has since disappeared, and an investigation is underway to find him.  The authorities don t do anything to find these killers and the killers realize that they are taking so long that they have a chance to get away. And they are going to continue doing so if we allow them to,  said Correa, donning a photo of her deceased daughter with the caption  Justice .  The march, planned by about 50 activists, was scheduled to be mirrored on Wednesday evening in several states that have registered high levels of violence against women.  Each case is a tale of horror,  said organizer Ana Elena Contreras, who is pushing the government to do more to end the murder, rape and abuse of women, in a country where thousands of violent crimes go unpunished every year. Contreras said as long as perpetrators are not brought to book, women will continue to face grave risks in Mexico, which scored worse than the most violent countries of Central America in the 2017 Global Impunity Index, published in August. That included Honduras and El Salvador, which have been two of the most murderous countries in the world in the past decade. The problem of violence against women has become so serious in Mexico that the federal penal code now defines certain types of murders as  femicide . Still, measuring the phenomenon of femicides is difficult due to a lack of specific data, said Francisco Rivas, director general of the National Citizen Observatory (ONC), a civil group monitoring justice and security in Mexico.   There s a part of society that still doesn t consider this issue as something serious; they minimize it,  said Rivas. In the first four years of Pena Nieto s government, Mexico registered some 2,543 homicides of women on average, up from  2,051 in the term of his predecessor Felipe Calderon, according to data published by Mexico s national statistics agency. The 2,735 homicides of women last year was the second-highest figure of any year since 1990, and more than double the number recorded a decade ago. ",1
15885,White House slams Russia over veto on Syria chemical weapons probe,"(Reuters) - The White House admonished Russia on Wednesday after it vetoed a United Nations plan to continue an ongoing investigation that recently found Syria killed dozens of people with chemical weapons and implored the international body to renew the probe.   Russia cast a veto at the United Nations Security Council eight days ago, preventing the renewal of a mandate for a mission by the United Nations and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) - known as the Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM) - that investigates the use of chemical weapons in Syria.  Russia s attempts to undermine and eliminate the JIM show a callous disregard for the suffering and loss of life caused by the use of chemical weapons and an utter lack of respect for international norms,  the White House said in a statement.  The JIM found that the Syrian government of Bashar al-Assad is to blame for a chemical attack on the opposition-held town of Khan Sheikhoun that killed dozens of people last April, according to a report sent to the United Nations Security Council last Thursday.  This unconscionable attack marks the fourth time that the JIM has confirmed that the Assad regime used chemical weapons, underscoring the brutal and horrifying barbarism of Bashar al-Assad and making the protection provided by Russia even more egregious,  the White House said.  JIM was unanimously created by the 15-member U.N. Security Council in 2015 and renewed in 2016 for another year. Its mandate is due to expire in mid-November.  The United States implores the UN Security Council to renew the mandate of the JIM so that we may continue to identify the perpetrators of these horrific attacks and send a clear message that the use of chemical weapons will not be tolerated,  the White House said.  In their 14th report since 2011, U.N. investigators said they had in all documented 33 chemical weapons attacks to date. Twenty-seven were by the government of President Bashar al-Assad, including seven between March 1 to July 7. Perpetrators had not been identified yet in six attacks, they said. The Assad government has repeatedly denied using chemical weapons. It said its strikes in Khan Sheikhoun hit a weapons depot belonging to rebel forces, a claim  excluded  by U.N. Commission of Inquiry on Syria chairman Paulo Pinheiro. That attack led U.S. President Donald Trump to launch the first U.S. air strikes on a Syrian air base. ",1
15886,At least 15 killed in Afghanistan tanker explosion,"CHARIKAR, Afghanistan (Reuters) - At least 15 people were killed and 27 wounded when fuel tankers exploded in the town of Charikar, northwest of the Afghan capital Kabul on Wednesday, destroying a nearby bus, residents and officials said. A security official said a sticky bomb destroyed two tankers, setting off an explosion that engulfed the bus, burning many passengers to death. Waheeda Shahkar, a spokeswoman for the local governor, put the death toll at least 15, with 27 wounded. There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack, which came a day after up to eight people were killed by a suicide bomber in Kabul. ",1
15887,Hardline preacher finds refuge in Malaysia as politicized Islam grows,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - When Zakir Naik emerged from a prominent Malaysian mosque last month fans swarmed about him, seeking selfies with the Indian Muslim televangelist whose hardline views have sparked a criminal investigation back in his home country. Accompanied by a bodyguard, Naik was making a rare public appearance at the Putra Mosque in Malaysia s administrative capital, where the prime minister and his cabinet members often worship. Naik, who has been banned in the UK, has been given permanent residency in Malaysia, and embraced by top government officials.  Critics see Naik s presence in Malaysia as another sign of  top-level support for hardline Islam in a country with substantial minorities of Christians, Hindus and Buddhists, and which has long projected a moderate Islamic image.  Support for a more politicized Islam has grown in recent years under Prime Minister Najib Razak, especially after he lost the popular vote in the 2013 general election - the ruling coalition s worst-ever electoral performance.  Since then, his ruling party has been trying to appease an increasingly conservative ethnic Malay-Muslim base and religion has become a battleground ahead of elections the prime minister has to call by mid-2018. Naik, a 52-year-old medical doctor, has aroused controversy with his puritan brand of Islam - recommending the death penalty for homosexuals and those who abandon Islam as their faith, according to media reports. A Youtube video shows Naik saying that if Osama bin Laden  is terrorizing America the terrorist, the biggest terrorist, I am with him . Last week, India s counter-terrorism agency prepared charges against Naik, saying he has been  promoting enmity and hatred between different religious groups in India through public speeches and lectures.  Bangladesh suspended Peace TV channel, which features Naik s preachings, after some media reports claimed bombers of a Dhaka cafe that killed 22 people last year were admirers of him. Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack.  The Malaysian government accommodates Naik because  he remains a reasonably popular character amongst Malays, who gloss over his more controversial aspects,  said Rashaad Ali, an analyst with S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies (RSIS) in Singapore.   If the government were to kick him out of the country, it causes them to lose religious credibility in the eyes of the public.  At his appearance at the Putra mosque last month, a female Reuters reporter asked about the investigation in India. Naik would only say:  Sorry, it is not right for me to speak with ladies in public.   Naik did not respond to subsequent requests for comment from Reuters. Malaysian Deputy Prime Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi told parliament on Tuesday that Naik, who obtained permanent residency five years ago, was not being given  preferential treatment .  Over the time spent in this country, he has not broken any laws or regulations. As such, there is no reason from a legal standpoint to detain or arrest him,  Zahid said. The government has not received any official request from India  related to terrorism allegations involving him , he added. Zahid and the prime minister have both posted photos on Facebook of their meetings with Naik last year in Malaysia. A group of Malaysian activists has filed suit in the High Court to deport Naik, saying he is a threat to public peace in the multi-racial society - about 40 percent of Malaysia s population is non-Muslim. The group said it was unaware Naik had been going to the Putrajaya mosque - or where he might be in Malaysia. Officials at the Putra Mosque said Naik has been attending Friday prayers there for about a month. He has also been spotted in other mosques, hospitals and restaurants in the administrative capital in recent months, according to witnesses that Reuters spoke to. Naik has in the past denied India s allegations. In an interview with a Kuwaiti television channel in May, he said he was being targeted by the Hindu nationalist government of  Narendra Modi because of his popularity. Malaysia s opposition Islamic Party (PAS), which has defended Naik in the past, last week urged the government to disregard any potential Indian extradition request, saying the allegations aim  to block his influence and efforts to spread religious awareness among the international community.   Islamic groups have stoked controversy for trying to impose their ethos in a multi-cultural country. Malaysian authorities canceled a planned beer festival last month, citing security concerns, and for some years now international pop stars who wish to make appearances in Malaysia face restrictions over clothing and dancing. Islam is the official religion in Malaysia. The laws, however, are secular, though the country does have sharia courts for civil cases for Muslims. Malaysia s nine sultans, who take turns as the mostly ceremonial monarch and are the official guardians of Islam in Malaysia, last month called for unity and religious harmony after what they described as  excessive actions  in the name of Islam. One of them harshly condemned a Muslim-only launderette.  We are seeing this gravitation toward fundamentalism and a conservative idea of Islam because the current government doesn t want to be seen as secular anymore,  said Ahmad Farouk Musa, founder of a moderate Islam think-tank, Islamic Renaissance Front (IRF).  To ensure Malay support, the government thinks it has  to have Islamic credentials just like PAS,  Farouk told Reuters. said.  Islam sells.  In September, Turkish writer Mustafa Akyol was detained for giving  an unauthorized speech  in the Malaysian capital, in which he argued that governments shouldn t police religion or morality. Zahid, also the home minister, said Akyol s book  Islam Without Extremes: A Muslim Case for Liberty  has been banned as it  contravened norms of the society in Malaysia . Farouk, who organized the speech, said he now faces charges for abetting Akyol. ",1
15888,Hong Kong seeks law banning booing of China's national anthem,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hong Kong will try to enact a law penalizing people who boo the Chinese national anthem  as soon as possible , an official said on Wednesday, in a move that critics say undermines the Chinese-ruled city s autonomy and freedoms. In the past few years, some Hong Kong football fans have booed the national anthem during World Cup qualifiers and other games, mirroring a more recent protest in the United States with football players kneeling during the national anthem, a practice  denounced by U.S. President Donald Trump. The Asian Football Confederation warned the Hong Kong Football Association on Tuesday over the conduct of fans who booed the Chinese national anthem in a match in October. China has passed a law stating that disrespecting the anthem could result in imprisonment. The law has come into force in China but has yet to be extended to Hong Kong.  Hong Kong Secretary for Constitutional and Mainland Affairs, Patrick Nip said the city had a constitutional obligation to follow up the move by China s largely rubber-stamp parliament. The law will now be added to the annex of Hong Kong s mini-constitution, the Basic Law, and put to the city s 70-strong legislature.  We will do it as soon as possible,  Nip told lawmakers, while saying there would be a consultation process. Hong Kong is a former British colony that returned to Chinese rule in 1997 under a so-called  one country, two systems  formula that promises the city a high degree of autonomy, including an independent judiciary. China s growing reach into Hong Kong s affairs has, however, stoked tensions and mass protests including the 2014  Occupy  civil disobedience movement that blocked major roads in the city for 79 days to pressure China to allow full democracy. Nip said no decision had been made on jail terms, but the government would make reference to existing laws concerning the desecration of China s national flag that carry a maximum sentence of three years. Some critics said this move would further erode Hong Kong s autonomy and was another instance of China s tightening iron grip.   If a country (China) wasn t using totalitarian and autocratic ways to make people feel under pressure, I believe many more Hong Kong people would respect the national anthem,  said Dennis Kwok, a lawmaker with the Civic Party. Over the past few years, Hong Kong fans have booed the national anthem at several football matches involving the Hong Kong team, with an upcoming Asian Cup qualifier between Hong Kong and Lebanon another potential flashpoint.   Some inappropriate behavior...must be addressed,  Nip said, without giving specifics. Chinese authorities have strived to instill greater patriotism into Hong Kong, while condemning a push from democracy activists to distance Hong Kong from Beijing by embracing the city s culture and core values, with some even advocating independence from China.   In recent years, incidents of disrespecting the national anthem have occurred in Hong Kong, challenging the bottom line ... and triggering rage,  said Zhang Rongshun, who leads a legislative affairs commission of China s parliament, the National People s Congress, according to the official Xinhua news agency.  It is urgent and important to apply the National Anthem Law in Hong Kong in a bid to prevent and handle such offences.  ",1
15889,"In meeting, Trump to push a reluctant Xi to rein in North Korea","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will further pressure Chinese President Xi Jinping in talks next week to take tougher measures against North Korea, as the United States compiles information for possible new sanctions on Chinese banks working with Pyongyang. Senior administration officials say Trump will try to convince Xi when they meet in Beijing to squeeze North Korea with steps such as limits on oil exports, coal imports and financial transactions. It is the latest attempt by Trump to have China, North Korea s only major ally, rein in Pyongyang s nuclear weapons ambitions but it is far from clear if Xi, who has just consolidated his power at a Communist Party congress, will agree. China says its leverage over Pyongyang is exaggerated, and points to its support in the U.N. Security Council for recent sanctions on North Korea as evidence that it is trying to curtail the isolated nation s nuclear and missile tests.     North Korea this year conducted a powerful nuclear test detonation and has test-fired intercontinental ballistic missiles that, if perfected, could reach the U.S. mainland. Trump has vowed to prevent North Korea gaining that capability. Two U.S. officials said the threat of additional U.N. and other economic sanctions on North Korea is another option to solicit greater cooperation from China, by playing on Beijing s concerns that deeper poverty in North Korea could prompt an exodus of refugees across its border. The officials said the United States and its allies have been collecting detailed information on Chinese bank transactions with North Korea to try to identify institutions with the  most egregious  records of doing business with Pyongyang. The objective, the officials said, is to craft a proposal for escalating sanctions on Chinese financial and other entities that stops short of sanctioning the People s Bank of China central bank. Washington so far has mostly held off on new sanctions against Chinese banks and companies doing business with North Korea, given fears of retaliation by Beijing and possibly far-reaching effects on the world economy. In a brief statement on Thursday formally announcing the visit from the Chinese end, the country s foreign ministry said China was ready to work with the United States to achieve  important results  for Trump s visit. It did not elaborate.   Trump s stop in Beijing is part of a Nov. 3-14 tour of five Asian nations in which North Korea will be a major focus. The visit includes U.S. allies Japan and South Korea who have watched with increasing worry as the United States and North Korea have exchanged bellicose rhetoric.     To prepare for his trip, Trump met with former U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, a key player in President Richard Nixon s opening to China in 1972.  And over lunch last week at the White House, Trump asked Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong for his opinion about North Korea and its unpredictable leader, a participant said. Lee told him that Kim sees his nuclear weapons program as essential to his survival after the U.S.-led ouster of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein, and Libyan leader Muammar Gaddhafi s downfall.  Lee said it s probably impossible for Kim to become convinced that the United States doesn t want to overthrow him,  a participant at the lunch said.  They re super-paranoid.                      While part of the U.S. strategy on North Korea is to deprive Kim Jong Un s government of resources, Trump has left open the threat of military force. U.S. officials, while emphasizing they want a diplomatic solution, have highlighted military preparedness to counter a North Korean threat and there are three U.S. aircraft carrier groups in the region. Trump has threatened to  totally destroy  North Korea and has derided Kim as a  Rocket Man  on a suicide mission, to the dismay of some U.S. military and intelligence officials who fear such rhetoric could backfire.      As well as pressuring China, the United States is quietly pursuing direct diplomacy with North Korea, using a  New York channel  to get in contact with diplomats at Pyongyang s United Nations mission.  Analysts in Asia are skeptical Trump s pressure on China will work.  I don t think China will seriously change its existing policy on North Korea simply because of more pressure from the United States,  said Zhao Tong, a North Korea expert at the Carnegie-Tsinghua Center in Beijing.     China s ambassador to the United States, Cui Tiankai, told reporters on Monday it will take a broad effort to pressure North Korea and China alone cannot solve the problem.  China has been doing everything we can on the Korean issue,  he said. In Japan, the threat from Pyongyang hit close to home after tests this year in which two ballistic missiles flew over its territory. But there is concern in Tokyo that the Trump administration lacks a clear North Korea strategy.  The biggest worry is that Trump s grand Asia policy, North Korea policy, is not well defined... but responds to circumstances instead... ,  said Toshihiro Nayakama, a professor at Keio University.  They turn to China to exert pressure but the question is to what extent there is Chinese pressure. I believe this is not yet evaluated by the U.S. administration,  he said. The Trump administration has considered threatening China with trade actions over its resistance to do more on North Korea. While some advisers from outside his administration have  urged Trump to pursue this course, he has been persuaded against it by his own advisers who have warned of a trade war, U.S. officials said.         ",1
15890,"UK seeks arrest of Manchester bomber's brother, asks Libya to extradite him","LONDON (Reuters) - British police said on Wednesday they had issued an arrest warrant for the brother of a suicide bomber who killed 22 people in an attack on a pop concert in Manchester in May and prosecutors had asked Libya to extradite him. Salman Abedi, a 22-year-old Briton born to Libyan parents, blew himself up at the end of a show by U.S. singer Ariana Grande in the deadliest militant attack in Britain for 12 years. His victims included seven children among the victims while more than 500 were injured. Assistant Chief Constable Russ Jackson, who is responsible for counter-terrorism in northwest England, said police had now applied for and been granted an arrest warrant for Abedi s younger brother Hashem for murder, attempted murder and conspiracy to cause an explosion.  Hashem Abedi is currently detained in Libya and the CPS (Crown Prosecution Service) has now requested that Libyan authorities consider his extradition back to the United Kingdom,  Jackson said.  We are grateful for the Libyan authorities considering this request.  He added that detectives had not found any evidence of the involvement of any wider network.  Islamic State said it was responsible in the immediate aftermath of the bombing but security services have always treated the claim with scepticism. Days after the attack Libyan counter-terrorism investigators arrested Hashem Abedi and the brothers  father Ramadan.  In June, the Special Deterrence Force (Rada), a counter-terrorism force aligned with the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli, said Hashem Abedi had told them that his brother had been radicalised in Britain in 2015. They had both flown from Britain to Libya in April and Hashem said he had helped buy the equipment necessary for the attack although he had not known that Salman was planning a bombing, Rada said.  British police say Salman Abedi returned to Manchester on May 18, four days before his attack. The family had emigrated to Britain during the rule of the late Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, moving from London to the Fallowfield area of south Manchester where they lived for more than a decade. The brothers  parents returned to Libya during the country s 2011 revolution. Jackson said their investigation was still running  at a very fast pace  and the inquiry had involved a trawl through 16,000 hours of closed circuit TV (CCTV) footage and more than 8 million lines of telephone communications data. Police have previously said they believed Salman Abedi had built the bomb himself and CCTV showed him buying nuts from a hardware store that were used as shrapnel as well as the tin that was believed to contain the explosives.  ",1
15891,Israeli air strike hits near Syria's Homs,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - An Israeli air strike targeted a factory south of the Syrian city of Homs on Wednesday and the Syrian army responded by firing a surface-to-air missile at the aircraft, a commander in a military alliance fighting in support of Damascus said.   The commander told Reuters the air strike had hit a copper factory in the industrial town of Hisya, 35 km (21 miles) south of Homs and 112 km (70 miles) north of Damascus. The commander did not give details of any casualties. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a Britain-based organization that reports on the war, said the air strike had targeted a military installation.     An Israeli military spokeswoman declined to comment. Israel s Channel 10 said the aircraft were not hit and returned safely to base. The Israeli air force says it has struck arms convoys of the Syrian military and its Lebanese ally, the Iran-backed Hezbollah, nearly 100 times in recent years. Israeli officials have expressed alarm at Iranian influence in Syria, where Iran-backed groups have played a critical role fighting in support of President Bashar al-Assad during the conflict that erupted in 2011. Iran s military chief General Mohammad Baqeri warned Israel against breaching Syrian airspace and territory during a visit to Damascus last month. Last month, five projectiles from Syria set off air raid sirens in Israeli towns, prompting the Israeli military to say it would step up its response to stray fire from the Syrian war that has repeatedly spilled over the border. The Israeli air force attacked a Syrian anti-aircraft battery earlier that week that Israel said had fired a missile at its planes while they were on a reconnaissance mission over neighboring Lebanon. Tensions between Israel and Hezbollah, which last fought a major conflict in 2006, have escalated this year. Each side has warned it would unleash devastating firepower in the event of a full-scale war.   ",1
15892,"Awaiting Trump's coal comeback, miners reject retraining","WAYNESBURG, Pa. (Reuters) - When Mike Sylvester entered a career training center earlier this year in southwestern Pennsylvania, he found more than one hundred federally funded courses covering everything from computer programming to nursing. He settled instead on something familiar: a coal mining course.   I think there is a coal comeback,  said the 33-year-old son of a miner. Despite broad consensus about coal s bleak future, a years-long effort to diversify the economy of this hard-hit region away from mining is stumbling, with Obama-era jobs retraining classes undersubscribed and future programs at risk under President Donald Trump s proposed 2018 budget. Trump has promised to revive coal by rolling back environmental regulations and moved to repeal Obama-era curbs on carbon emissions from power plants.   I have a lot of faith in President Trump,  Sylvester said. But hundreds of coal-fired plants have closed in recent years, and cheap natural gas continues to erode domestic demand. The Appalachian region has lost about 33,500 mining jobs since 2011, according to the Appalachian Regional Commission.  Although there have been small gains in coal output and hiring this year, driven by foreign demand, production levels remain near lows hit in 1978. A White House official did not respond to requests for comment on coal policy and retraining for coal workers. What many experts call false hopes for a coal resurgence have mired economic development efforts here in a catch-22: Coal miners are resisting retraining without ready jobs from new industries, but new companies are unlikely to move here without a trained workforce. The stalled diversification push leaves some of the nation s poorest areas with no clear path to prosperity. Federal retraining programs have fared better, with some approaching full participation, in the parts of Appalachia where mining has been crushed in a way that leaves little hope for a comeback, according to county officials and recruiters. They include West Virginia and Kentucky, where coal resources have been depleted. But in southern Pennsylvania, where the industry still has ample reserves and is showing flickers of life, federal jobs retraining programs see sign-up rates below 20 percent, the officials and recruiters said. In southern Virginia s coal country, participation rates run about 50 percent, they said.  Part of our problem is we still have coal,  said Robbie Matesic, executive director of Greene County s economic development department.   Out-of-work miners cite many reasons beyond faith in Trump policy for their reluctance to train for new industries, according to Reuters interviews with more than a dozen former and prospective coal workers, career counselors and local economic development officials. They say mining pays well; other industries are unfamiliar; and there s no income during training and no guarantee of a job afterward.  In Pennsylvania, Corsa Coal opened a mine in Somerset in June which will create about 70 jobs   one of the first mines to open here in years. And Consol Energy recently expanded its Bailey mine complex in Greene County.  But Consol also announced in January that it plans to sell its coal holdings to focus on natural gas. And it has commissioned a recruitment agency, GMS Mines and Repair, to find contract laborers for its coal expansion who will be paid about $13 an hour - half the hourly wage of a starting unionized coal worker. The program Sylvester signed up for was set up by GMS. The new hiring in Pennsylvania is related mainly to an uptick in foreign demand for metallurgical coal, used in producing steel, rather than domestic demand for thermal coal from power plants, the industry s main business. Some market analysts describe the foreign demand as a temporary blip driven by production problems in the coal hub of Australia. Officials for U.S. coal companies operating in the region, including Consol and Corsa, declined requests for comment.   The coal industry has stabilized, but it s not going to come back,  said Blair Zimmerman, a 40-year veteran of the mines who is now the commissioner for Greene County, one of Pennsylvania s oldest coal regions. We need to look at the future.  The Pennsylvania Department of Labor has received about $2 million since 2015 from the federal POWER program, an initiative of former President Barack Obama to help retrain workers in coal-dependent areas. But the state is having trouble putting even that modest amount of money to good use. In Greene and Washington counties, 120 people have signed up for jobs retraining outside the mines, far short of the target of 700, said Ami Gatts, director of the Washington-Greene County Job Training Agency. In Westmoreland and Fayette counties, participation in federal job retraining programs has been about 15 percent of capacity, officials said.  I can t even get them to show up for free food I set up in the office,  said Dave Serock, an ex-miner who recruits in Fayette County for Southwest Training Services. Programs administered by the Appalachian Regional Commission, a federal and state partnership to strengthen the region s economy, have had similar struggles. One $1.4 million ARC project to teach laid-off miners in Greene County and in West Virginia computer coding has signed up only 20 people for 95 slots. Not a single worker has enrolled in another program launched this summer to prepare ex-miners to work in the natural gas sector, officials said. Greene County Commissioner Zimmerman said he d like to see a big company like Amazon or Toyota come to southwestern Pennsylvania to build a distribution or manufacturing plant that could employ thousands.  But he knows first the region needs a ready workforce. Amazon spokeswoman Ashley Robinson said the company the company typically works with local organizations to evaluate whether locations have an appropriate workforce and has no current plans for distribution operations in Western Pennsylvania. Toyota spokesman Edward Lewis said the company considers local workforce training an  important consideration  when deciding where to locate facilities.  Sean Moodie and his brother Steve spent the last two years working in the natural gas industry, but see coal as a good bet in the current political climate.    I am optimistic that you can make a good career out of coal for the next 50 years,  said Sean Moodie. Coal jobs are preferable to those in natural gas, they said, because the mines are close to home, while pipeline work requires travel. Like Sylvester, the Moodie brothers are taking mining courses offered by Consol s recruiter, GMS. Bob Levo, who runs a GMS training program, offered a measure of realism: The point of the training is to provide low-cost and potentially short-term labor to a struggling industry, he said.   That s a major part of the reason that coal mines have been able to survive,  he said.  They rely on us to provide labor at lower cost.  Clemmy Allen, 63, a veteran miner and head of the United Mineworkers of America s Career Centers, said miners are taking a big risk in holding out for a coal recovery. He s placing his hopes for the region s future on retraining. UMWA s 64-acre campus in Prosperity, Pennsylvania - which once trained coal miners - will use nearly $3 million in federal and state grants to retrofit classrooms to teach cybersecurity, truck driving and mechanical engineering.  Unlike when I worked in the mines,  he said,  if you get laid off now, you are pretty much laid off.  Follow Trump s impact on energy, environment, healthcare, immigration and the economy at The Trump Effect - www.reuters.com/trump-effect (Refiles to remove repeated words  the company  in paragraph 26) ",1
15893,U.S. judge frees Indonesian immigrant held by Trump order,"BOSTON (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Wednesday ordered the release of an illegal immigrant who is among 47 Indonesians in New Hampshire challenging the Trump administration s order to deport them. The man, Terry Rombot, had been allowed to remain under the terms of a 2010 deal with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement until this year, when President Donald Trump instructed ICE that all people living in the United States illegally were subject to deportation. Rombot, part of a wave of Indonesian Christians who fled their country following deadly riots in 1998, learned of the policy change when he appeared for an Aug. 1 check-in with ICE and was arrested.  He walks out of the courthouse right now,  Chief U.S. District Judge Patti Saris said after concluding that Rombot s detention violated his rights. He walked out of the U.S. District Court in Boston in his blue jail scrubs, without a chance to change into street clothes. Rombot s lawyers said he was arrested despite a 2015 letter from ICE saying he would have a chance to prepare for an  orderly  departure.  The judge cited that letter during Wednesday s hearing in holding that Rombot s detention despite ICE s previous guidance violated his due process rights under the U.S. Constitution.  This is what intent was, that he would be given the opportunity to leave under his own steam and not under shackles,  she said. Outside the courtroom, Rombot said:  I just want to say thank you to my attorney, my pastor and all of my friends.  The U.S. Attorney s office is considering an appeal, a spokeswoman said.  ICE officials said the arrangement had always been a temporary one and that the agency always had discretion to deport the people covered by the arrangement.  The Indonesians are part of an ethnic community of about 2,000 people clustered around the city of Dover in New Hampshire s seacoast region.  Members of the group and advocates say they fear they could face discrimination or violence if forced to return to the world s largest Muslim-majority country. Their cause has drawn the support of Republican Governor Chris Sununu and New Hampshire s all-Democratic congressional delegation, including U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen. Saris previously ordered a stay to the deportations. She is currently weighing whether she can order a longer delay to give the affected people time to renew their efforts to gain legal status. ",1
15894,Canada to propose helicopters for U.N. Mali mission: sources,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada, under pressure from allies to boost its commitment to peacekeeping, will propose offering helicopters for use by U.N. forces in Mali and could later provide troops to work as trainers, two sources familiar with the matter said on Wednesday. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau s Liberal government, which came to power in 2015 and quickly promised to make 600 soldiers available for peace operations, last year said it would consider sending soldiers to Mali but has repeatedly put off a decision amid fears of casualties. The stalling has irritated other nations, which say it could harm Canada s efforts to win a seat on the Security Council. Canada is prepared to send six helicopters for use by the 10,000-strong U.N. force in Mali, which is helping deal with a militant threat, said the sources, who requested anonymity given the sensitivity of the situation. More than 80 members have been killed since 2013, making Mali the world s deadliest peacekeeping operation. Canada is hosting an international peacekeeping conference later this month and officials are preparing a special meeting on the sidelines to discuss the needs of the Mali mission, both in terms of providing troops and helping train local forces, the sources said. One option for Canada would be to send soldiers to act as trainers, a role they are already playing in northern Iraq, said one source. They could either be based in Mali or nearby nations. Although Ottawa has sent three separate fact-finding missions to the Mali region, Canadian officials said they have yet to take a final decision on whether to send troops.  We realize there is growing impatience for a final decision,  said a Canadian source familiar with government thinking. Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan told reporters that  when it comes to peace support operations... we will make sure that we take our time to make a responsible decision.  He declined to give further details. Defense experts said that given the scale of the Mali challenge, they doubted whether even 600 Canadian troops could make a difference on the front lines.  A senior diplomat from a nation involved in peacekeeping said the Canadian government should have studied the Mali mission carefully before publicly discussing the possibility of sending troops.  If soldiers start coming home in coffins, it s debatable whether Sajjan could give a coherent explanation of why Canada was there in the first place,  said the diplomat. ",1
15895,Ukrainian minister's son gets conditional release in graft case,"KIEV (Reuters) - A Ukrainian judge released the son of Ukraine s interior ministry from custody on Wednesday on the condition he appear in court as required in connection with an embezzlement case. On Tuesday, Ukraine s National Anti-Corruption Bureau (NABU) detained three people in connection with the suspected embezzlement of $521,000 through a contract to supply backpacks to the interior ministry. Ukrainian media reported former deputy interior minister Serhiy Chebotar and Interior Minister Arsen Avakov s son, Oleksandr, were among those taken into custody. According to news agency Interfax Ukraine, a Kiev district court ruled Oleksandr Avakov could be released provided  he appear as demanded by investigators and report on his movements.  The so-called  backpacks case  has been openly discussed in Ukraine since 2015, and the detentions were welcomed by anti-corruption activists as a sign that NABU is fulfilling its mandate to investigate high-profile graft cases linked to officials. Nevertheless, the detention of a senior cabinet minister s family member has also been interpreted as a sign of a possible power struggle within the political elite. In a statement, the interior ministry said the case was politically motivated, while Avakov said his son would fight all allegations in court.   Neither my son nor the firms he has founded have or had a single kopeck (cent) from the Ukrainian budget,  he said on Facebook. The individuals are suspected of allowing the interior ministry to be overcharged for a contract to purchase backpacks in 2015, according to the NABU investigation.  The goods were not delivered on time and did not meet the requirements set by the Ukrainian interior ministry, as a result of which the state was hit with a loss of over 14 million hryvnias ($521,000),  NABU said. NABU was established as part of Ukraine s Western-backed reform drive under which Kiev promised to root out graft and modernize the economy in exchange for billions of dollars in international funding. But Ukraine s backers have seen a failure to bring corrupt lawmakers and senior officials to justice as an indication the authorities may lack the commitment to eliminate the power of vested interests. ",1
15896,Ousted Catalan leader says will not return to Spain to testify,"MADRID (Reuters) - Dismissed Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont said on Wednesday he would ignore a court order to return to Spain to answer charges over the region s push for independence, but he could testify from Belgium. If Puigdemont fails to answer Thursday s High Court summons, an arrest warrant could be issued that would make it virtually impossible for him to stand in a snap regional election called by the Spanish government for Dec. 21. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy sacked Puigdemont and his government on Friday, hours after the Catalan parliament made a unilateral declaration of independence in a vote boycotted by the opposition and declared illegal by Spanish courts. On Monday, Spain s state prosecutor filed charges of rebellion, sedition and misuse of public funds against Puigdemont for defying the central government by holding an referendum on secession on Oct. 1 and proclaiming independence. Puigdemont traveled to Belgium at the weekend with other members of the dismissed Catalan administration and hired a lawyer.  Those summonses are part of proceedings that lack any legal basis and only seek to punish ideas. This is a political trial,  Puigdemont said in a statement signed by  the legitimate government of Catalonia .  The High Court summoned Puigdemont and 13 other former members of the Catalan government to testify in Madrid on Thursday and Friday on the prosecutor s charges. A judge will then decide whether those called to testify should go to jail pending an investigation that could take several years and potentially lead to a trial. The judge might also grant them conditional bail or order them to surrender their passports. If Puigdemont and his associates did not turn up, the judge would be more likely to order them jailed as a flight risk.  The courts have also told the Catalan secessionist leaders to deposit 6.2 million euros ($7.2 million) by Friday to cover potential liabilities. Three former Catalan government advisors returned to Spain from Belgium late on Tuesday and were greeted at Barcelona s international airport by a small crowd chanting  off to prison . Puigdemont said on Tuesday he would only go back to Spain when given unspecified  guarantees  by the Spanish government. He said he accepted the election called by Rajoy for December and Madrid said he was welcome to stand, though the legal proceedings might prevent that. Uncertainty over how the crisis will play out has prompted more than 1,800 Catalonia-based companies to move their legal headquarters out of the region and the government to lower its national economic forecasts for next year. On Wednesday, rating agency Moody s said the declaration of independence and the suspension of self rule were credit negative for the region and the country, and that associated uncertainty would damage sentiment and consumer spending. Moody s raised Spain s credit rating to Baa2 in 2014 as the country emerged from a prolonged economic slump. On Tuesday, Moody s affirmed Catalonia s long-term issuer and debt ratings of Ba3, saying the government s reinforced control compensated for the increased risks, in particular the region s rapidly deteriorating business climate. ",1
15897,Seven bodies found in migrant boat off Libya,"ROME (Reuters) - The bodies of seven migrants were discovered on Wednesday in a boat adrift off Libya while around 900 people were saved in operations in the southern Mediterranean, Italy s coastguard said. It was one of the most intense days of rescues recorded in the area in recent months and follows a sharp fall-off in the number of migrants reaching Italy. A Coastguard spokesman said the seven bodies were picked up by a boat under the command of a European Union naval force operating in the Mediterranean. He had no further information about who they were or how they had died. About 900 migrants were rescued in eight different missions, the spokesman said, adding that he expected they would be brought to Italy later in the week. Migrant arrivals in Italy fell 30 percent in the first eight months of the year, the Interior Ministry said this week, thanks mainly to a sharp decline since July when Italy struck a deal with Libya to block would-be asylum seekers from setting sail. As part of the deal, the Libyan coastguard has played a much more active role in preventing crossings. Earlier this week, it intercepted 299 migrants from sub-Saharan African countries on two rubber boats east of Tripoli, officials said. Libya s western shoreline is the main departure point for migrants trying to reach Europe by boat, many of them fleeing conflict or poverty.  The Interior Ministry said on Tuesday that between January and October, 111,397 migrants had reached Italy by boat against 159,427 in the same period in 2016. The International Organization for Migration (IOM) says that so far this year at least 2,630 people have died at sea trying to cross to Italy. ",1
15898,UK parliament says government must publish secret Brexit impact studies,"LONDON (Reuters) - British lawmakers ramped up pressure on the government to publish its assessment of the impact Brexit will have on the economy, passing a motion in parliament on Wednesday which could compel the government to release the papers. The government said on Monday it had carried out 58 economic assessments, covering sectors from aerospace to tourism, but has so far refused requests from lawmakers to publish them, saying they could undermine their negotiating position in Brexit talks. That has irked lawmakers - including some from Prime Minister Theresa May s own party - who say the documents should be subject to parliamentary scrutiny and used to help shape the public debate around what a good EU exit deal would look like. Parliament agreed a motion stating that the documents should be released to a parliamentary committee. The government did not oppose the motion but it was unclear if its passage would force them to act.  The debate ended in confusion with the Speaker of the House indicating that he believed the government was obliged to comply with the motion, but saying he would wait to see what their response was before acting further.  We take all parliamentary votes seriously and recognize that parliament does have rights relating to the publication of documents,  a Brexit department spokeswoman said.   Ministers also have a clear obligation not to disclose information when doing so would not be in the public interest. We will reflect on the implications of the vote and respond in due course.  Labour said the result was clear and called on Brexit minister David Davis to set a date for the papers  publication.  Labour has been absolutely clear since the referendum that ministers could not withhold vital information from Parliament about the impact of Brexit on jobs and the economy,  said Labour s Brexit policy chief Keir Starmer. Binding or not, a rancorous debate underlined the extent to which May s approach to Brexit is generating dissent in parliament and potentially undermining her ability to rely on its support when passing crucial laws to implement the EU exit.   I m not going to stand by and see the future of my children s generation and the grandchildren which I hope will follow being trashed or ruined without any form of debate and disclosure as to the consequences,  said Anna Soubry, one of several Conservative lawmakers who said they were ready to rebel. The central plank of May s Brexit strategy, a piece of legislation known as the EU (Withdrawal) Bill, will require all May s lawmakers to back her if the minority Conservative government is to avoid making concessions.  A debate on the bill is due to begin on Nov 14. ",1
15899,Liberia's Supreme Court halts election preparation over fraud accusations,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - Liberia s Supreme Court has halted preparations for next week s presidential run-off vote between former soccer star George Weah and Vice President Joseph Boakai until it considers a challenge to first round results by a losing candidate who alleged fraud.     The decision casts further doubt on the Oct. 10 poll that losing parties say was marred by foul play at polling stations and at the highest levels of government.  It could also delay a second-round vote scheduled for Nov. 7 to find a successor to President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, who won a Nobel Peace Prize in 2011 and is the country s first elected leader since a 14-year civil war ended in 2003. In a writ issued late on Tuesday, the court instructed the Liberty Party of third-placed Charles Brumskine, who made the complaint, and the National Elections Commission, to file briefs by Thursday.   This is a big step in the right direction,  said Liberty Party Chairman Benjamin Sanvee.  The Court recognizes the gravity of the issues and has taken action in defense of the law and democracy.   This week, Boakai s ruling Unity Party announced it was backing the legal challenge. It accused Johnson Sirleaf, one of its own members, of interfering in the October vote by holding private meetings with election magistrates. Johnson Sirleaf denied the meetings were inappropriate. Observers from the European Union and the Carter Center say they saw no major problems with the first round vote. The Supreme Court s decision is an example of an increasingly assertive role some African judiciaries are playing in overseeing elections. Kenya s Supreme Court annulled the results of a presidential election in August. National Elections Commission chairman Jerome Korkoya questioned the need for the Supreme Court s decision, which he said has halted preparations for the vote, including training polling station staff.   Let me categorically say I see no reason, legal or otherwise, for such an order,  he told reporters.  The election was transparent and credible.   Looking to head off a crisis, the chairman of West African regional body ECOWAS, Togolese President Faure Gnassingbe, and the African Union chair, Guinea s president Alpha Conde, arrived in the capital Monrovia on Wednesday.  There have been some complaints, some challenges. That process is ongoing in keeping with the rule of law,  Johnson Sirleaf said at a news conference alongside Gnassingbe, Conde, Weah, Boakai and three other candidates.   This democratic process must be concluded within the time frame of the constitution so that I may be able to retire and end this transition successfully,  she said.     The streets of Monrovia remained calm though the court ruling raised tension in the capital where memories of the war are fresh. Large numbers of riot police deployed outside the Supreme Court and election commission headquarters.  I see this entire process as critical to our survival as a nation. We must do all to avoid sliding into war,  said student David Farmah.  No one has money to have a re-run of the election. It should go ahead.  Weah won the first round with 38.4 percent of the vote to Boakai s 28.8 percent. He has tapped into frustration with Johnson Sirleaf s 12-year tenure, which has seen a post-war peace consolidated and the economy quadruple in size but has failed to root out corruption and alleviate poverty.  Morluba Morlu, a senior official from Weah s CDC party, said on Wednesday he still expected the run-off to go ahead next week.  It is sad for a ruling party that has been in power for 12 years (to) be crying,  he said of Unity Party s support for the legal challenge.  We don t want any mockery of this election.  ",1
15900,Resigning UK defence minister Fallon says conduct fell below required standard,"LONDON (Reuters) - British defence minister Michael Fallon said his past conduct had fallen below the high standard required in his position on Wednesday in a resignation letter to Prime Minister Theresa May.  A number of allegations have surfaced about MPs (Members of Parliament) in recent days, including some about my previous conduct. Many of these have been false but I accept that in the past I have fallen below the high standard we require of the Armed Forces that I have the honor to represent,  Fallon said in the letter published by May s office. ",1
15901,Hamas cedes Gaza border crossings to Palestinian Authority control,"GAZA (Reuters) - The Islamist group Hamas began ceding control of the Gaza Strip s border crossings with Israel and Egypt to U.S.-backed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Wednesday under an agreement brokered by Cairo to end a decade of internal schism. The move marked the most concrete implementation of the Oct. 11 reconciliation deal that Palestinians hope will ease economic restrictions on Gaza and enable more fruitful negotiations on their goal of setting up an independent state. Palestinian Prime Minister Rami Al-Hamdallah said in a statement that taking charge of the crossings would help Abbas s Palestinian Authority (PA) fulfill its duty  to improve the living conditions of our people . Israel and the United States have reservations about the intra-Palestinian pact, however, given refusals by Hamas - which has fought three wars with Israel since seizing control of Gaza in 2007 from forces loyal to Abbas - to relinquish its rockets and other arms. Witnesses said PA employees moved into Erez and Kerem Shalom crossings on the Israeli border and Rafah crossing on the Egyptian border, as Hamas counterparts packed up equipment and departed on trucks.  We have handed over the crossings with honesty and responsibility, without bargaining and unconditionally,  Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh said in a video address. Citing security concerns, Israel maintains tight restrictions on the movement of people and goods at its crossings with the Gaza Strip, including an almost blanket ban on exports from the territory. COGAT, the Israeli military-run authority that supervises Erez and Kerem Shalom, said a meeting would be held with a PA representative to define joint working protocols and Israeli security conditions, including  the complete absence of any Hamas member or representative  at or near the crossings. Egypt, which in the past has accused Hamas of aiding an Islamist insurgency in its Sinai peninsula bordering Gaza, has kept Rafah largely closed. Hamas denies the allegations and has stepped up security along the frontier. Nickolay Mladenov, U.N. special Coordinator for the Middle East peace process, said transfer of the crossings was a  landmark development  in the reconciliation process, and he called in a statement for  the positive momentum to be maintained . PA ministers have begun gradually to assume their duties in Gaza in past weeks and on Tuesday took over the revenue accounts of the Rafah and Kerem Shalom crossings, officials said.  Hamas had used those revenues - taxes and fees collected from merchants and passengers - as part of its Gaza budget, to pay salaries of the 40,000 to 50,000 employees it has hired since 2007. Those wages will now be paid by the PA, under the Cairo agreement. Hamas also maintains an armed wing, which analysts say has at least 25,000 well-equipped fighters. It remains the dominant force in Gaza, an enclave of two million people. The Palestinian Authority will begin operating the Erez and Kerem Shalom crossings immediately, officials said, while in Rafah the operation will await further security arrangements such as deploying a force from Abbas s presidential guards and Cairo completing innovations on its side of the facility. ",1
15902,North Korean defector pushes diplomatic solution in U.S. Congress,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A rare high-level defector from North Korea told U.S. lawmakers on Wednesday that disseminating more information in the reclusive country would ultimately be more effective than the billions of dollars being spent to address the military threat.  We can educate (the) North Korean population to stand up by disseminating outside information,  Thae Yong-ho, chief of mission at Pyongyang s embassy in Britain until he defected in 2016, said during an appearance at Congress two days before President Donald Trump s first trip to Asia since taking office. Asked what kind of information he was discussing, Thae said background about North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, like his birth date, to convey the idea that he and his family  are not gods.  He said South Korean videos, for example were increasingly available within the North.   The U.S. is spending billions of dollars to cope with the military threat and yet how much does the U.S. spend each year on information activities involving North Korea in a year? Unfortunately, it may be a tiny fraction,  he said. Thae made his first visit to Washington during rising international tensions over North Korea s nuclear and ballistic missiles program. The crisis is expected to dominate Trump s trip to the region, which includes a stop in South Korea. Thae also told the House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee that U.S. officials should meet with Kim at least once to try to understand his thinking and convince him that he is risking mass destruction. Thae said Kim thinks he can force the United States to accept North Korea as a nuclear power and drive U.S. forces off the Korean peninsula. Reuters reported on Tuesday that Washington was quietly pursuing direct diplomacy with North Korea, despite Trump s public assertion that such talks are a waste of time. Amid a war of words between Kim, who has called Trump a  mentally deranged dotard,  and Trump, who referred to Kim as  little rocket man,  many U.S. lawmakers have been pushing for non-military solutions to the crisis. Representative Ed Royce, the committee s Republican chairman, called at the hearing for a  dramatic increase  in the number of individuals and entities targeted for sanctions, without delay. Thae is the highest-level defector from North Korea in two decades. In emotional testimony, he described a life before he left for South Korea that mixed relative privilege and oppression. He said he defected because he could not let his sons lead  a life, like me, as a modern-day slave.  ",1
15903,"Khamenei says Iran, Russia should cooperate to isolate U.S., foster Middle East stability","TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei told visiting Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday that Tehran and Moscow must step up cooperation to isolate the United States and help stabilize the Middle East, state TV reported. Iran and Russia are the main allies of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, while the United States, Turkey and most Arab states support rebel groups fighting to overthrow him. Putin met Iranian political leaders in an effort to nurture a warming relationship strengthened since U.S. President Donald Trump threatened recently to abandon the international nuclear deal with Iran reached in 2015.  Our cooperation can isolate America ... The failure of U.S.-backed terrorists in Syria cannot be denied but Americans continue their plots,  Khamenei told Putin, according to Iranian state television. Since Russia s military intervention in Syria s war in 2015, and with stepped-up Iranian military assistance, Assad has taken back large amounts of territory from rebels as well as swathes of central and eastern Syria from Islamic State militants. Moscow is now trying to build on that success with a new diplomatic initiative, including a congress of Syria s rival parties it plans in the Black Sea resort of Sochi on Nov. 18, though a major opposition bloc has refused to take part. Pragmatist Iranian President Hassan Rouhani echoed Khamenei, saying Iran and Russia together could tackle  regional terrorism  - an allusion to Sunni Muslim armed groups hostile to Iran, Assad and many other Arab states.  Our cooperation has helped the fight against terrorism in the region ... Together we can establish regional peace and security,  Rouhani said in a televised joint press conference with Putin and Azerbaijan President Ilham Aliyev, who took part in a three-way summit in Tehran. The rapprochement between Iran and Russia is worrying for both Saudi Arabia, Shi ite Muslim Tehran s main Sunni rival for dominance in the Middle East, and the United States. Putin praised cooperation with Iran as  very productive .   We are managing to coordinate our positions on the Syrian issue,  Putin said. Moscow is also an important ally for Iran in its renewed confrontation with the United States, where Trump broke ranks with major allies on Oct. 13 by de-certifying Tehran s nuclear deal with six world powers including Washington under his predecessor Barack Obama.  Trump has called the agreement  the worst deal ever negotiated  and branded Iran a  terrorist nation  for involvement in conflicts in the Middle East.  We oppose any unilateral change in the multilateral nuclear deal,  Putin told Khamenei, Iranian state TV reported.  Russia has criticized Trump s disavowal of the nuclear agreement, which has opened a 60-day window for the U.S. Congress to act to reimpose economic sanctions on Iran. These were lifted under the 2015 accord in return for Tehran curbing nuclear activity of potential use in developing an atomic bomb.  This is a very important visit (by Putin) ... It shows the determination of Tehran and Moscow to deepen their strategic alliance ..., which will shape the future of the Middle East,  an Iranian official told Reuters on condition of anonymity.  Both Russia and Iran are under American pressure ... Tehran has no other choice but to rely on Moscow to ease the U.S. pressure,  said the official. Another Iranian official said Trump s hawkish Iran policy had united the Islamic Republic s often feuding leadership - split into hardline conservative, pragmatist and reformist factions - in alignment with Russia.  During Putin s visit, Russian oil producer Rosneft and the National Iranian Oil Company agreed an outline deal to work on a number of  strategic  projects in Iran together worth up to $30 billion. The deal appeared to dovetail with Putin s strategy to reassert Russian political and economic influence in the Middle East that faded after the 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union. ",1
15904,"Russia says need to prevent new sanctions against Iran, keep nuclear deal: RIA","MOSCOW (Reuters) - It is necessary to prevent new sanctions against Iran and preserve Tehran s nuclear deal with world powers, RIA news agency cited Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov as saying on Wednesday. ",1
15905,Iran's Rouhani: Tehran-Moscow cooperation needed to restore peace in Syria,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran s President Hassan Rouhani said on Wednesday that Iran and Russia needed to cooperate to restore stability in Syria and the region.  Cooperation between Tehran and Moscow is a must to bring stability and peace to Syria ... It is also necessary to fight against regional terrorism,  Rouhani said in a televised joint press conference with his visiting counterparts from Russia and Azerbaijan. ",1
15906,Russia's Putin says situation in Syria developing positively,"TEHRAN (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday that the situation in Syria and peace talks to resolve the crisis were developing positively. Speaking alongside the presidents of Iran and Azerbaijan in Tehran, Putin stressed that no one country could resolve the Syrian crisis on its own.  ",1
15907,"Iran, Russia and Azerbaijan call for commitment to nuclear deal","TEHRAN (Reuters) - All parties to the Iran nuclear deal should adhere to their commitments, Russia, Iran and Azerbaijan said in a joint statement signed on Wednesday. The three countries also agreed to increase cooperation in the oil and gas industry, including in production as well as oil and oil products swaps, the statement said.  ",1
15908,"Iran's Khamenei says Moscow, Tehran cooperation can isolate U.S.: TV","ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran s supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei told Russian President Vladimir Putin that Tehran and Moscow needed to step up cooperation to isolate the United States and restore peace in the Middle East, Iranian state TV reported.  Full resolution of Syria s crisis needs strong cooperation between Iran and Russia ... Our cooperation can isolate America ... This cooperation will restore stability in the region,  Khamenei said during a meeting with Putin, state TV added.  ",1
15909,Colombia's FARC leader Timochenko to run for presidency in 2018,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Veteran FARC leader Rodrigo Londono - known as  Timochenko  - will run for the presidency of Colombia next year, with the backing of former FARC rebels, the group s new political party said on Wednesday. However, he and other ex-commanders will likely face trials for human rights crimes and it is unclear how they would serve in office if sentenced.  The Marxist FARC demobilized under a peace deal with the government last year, ending more than five decades of war. They are now the Revolutionary Alternative Common Force party, still referring to themselves by the Spanish initials FARC. The party is guaranteed 10 seats in Congress through 2026 by the accord, regardless of its success in elections. Among senate candidates will be former guerrilla commanders Ivan Marquez, Pablo Catatumbo, Carlos Antonio Lozada and Victoria Sandino, the FARC said on Wednesday. The party will also run candidates for the lower house in five districts. The group reiterated its willingness to forming a coalition with other leftist parties, a tacit acknowledgement it may have little electoral pull among skeptical Colombians.  We manifest our willingness to hold talks with all social political groups and movements to make united lists,  the FARC said in a statement. Londono, best known by his war alias Timochenko, suffered a stroke this year and has received treatment in Cuba. It remains unclear how the FARC members would complete their terms if they are tried or sentenced by transitional justice tribunals tasked with bringing former rebels to justice for crimes like murder, kidnapping and rape. The maximum sentence the tribunals can hand out is eight years and those convicted will avoid traditional jails, instead doing reparations work like removing land mines. In a Wednesday press conference, the FARC leaders did not clarify how they would serve possible sentences while holding elected positions. More than 11,000 FARC fighters and supporters handed over their weapons to the United Nations during demobilization.  Another 1,000 refused to lay down their arms and continue to operate lucrative drug trafficking and illegal mining operations. The FARC has sought to distance itself from the dissidents and the government has authorized air raids against them. There is a crowded field for 2018 s presidential race, which looks set to focus more on issues like the economy and corruption than on implementation of the deal, the cornerstone of current President Juan Manuel Santos  legacy. Security does however remain on the minds of many voters, especially after farmers were killed in a confrontation with police last month. ",1
15910,UK counter-terrorism police charge 14-year-old boys with murder plot,"LONDON (Reuters) - Two 14-year-old boys from northern England who were arrested by British counter-terrorism detectives have been charged with conspiracy to murder, police said on Wednesday. The teenagers, who cannot be named for legal reasons, were arrested on Saturday and are due to appear at Leeds Magistrates  Court on Thursday. ",1
15911,Mexicans dismayed by rise of Trump's border wall,"TIJUANA, Mexico (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump s wall is far from built but towering concrete and steel prototypes in San Diego are making Mexicans living just south of the border feel his campaign pledge has turned them into  pariahs.  Eight samples as high as 30 feet (9 meters) were completed last week near the Otay Mesa border crossing, the first tangible sign of Trump s vow to build a wall from California to Texas for some $21.6 billion.   Opposite San Diego, residents of the Mexican city of Tijuana, where homes, companies and parks abut a corrugated steel fence on the border, dread the prospect of work on a permanent wall.  People are still going to cross out of necessity even though they view us as pariahs over there,  said student Paola Gomez, 21, standing outside her home as the noise of workers putting up the sections drifted across the border.  That s how it looks with things like (the wall): they view us as pariahs. The worst thing is, it s being built by Latinos themselves.  Trump pledged frequently during his presidential campaign to build the wall to help tackle illegal immigration and crime in the United States. He launched his bid in June 2015, accusing Mexicans of sending rapists and drug-runners into the United States, comments that caused widespread outrage south of the border. Tijuana locals said they heard Spanish-speaking workers helping to build the prototypes, driving home the irony that Latino labor was being used to deter immigration from Latin America.  They need Mexicans and other undocumented people. They save lots of money with us,  said Manuela Altamirano, 42, who watched from her home as the strips of wall went up.  Trump constantly does things to humiliate the Mexican people ... These walls are like monsters he created, like a border Frankenstein.  Around 20 protesters gathered on the Mexican side last weekend, setting a Trump-style pinata on fire and waving signs reading  No to the wall  and  We re not enemies , said organizer Sergio Tamay of migrant shelter Angels Without Borders. Even if the plan never moves forward, the Homeland Security-funded prototypes will likely remain in place so the Border Patrol can use them to help demonstrate how the agency operates, officials at San Diego Border Patrol said. Some may serve as designs for replacements of aging sections of the 654-mile (1,052 km) fence that already extends along the almost 2,000-mile border. Later this month, tests are due to begin on the prototypes to determine how easily immigrants could climb over or dig under them, methods of entering the United States illegally that proved successful in the past.   Standing around 40 meters (130 feet) from the Mexican border, the concrete rectangles created a depressing landscape, said Tijuana resident Alexis Franco, 22, who watched their construction since it began in late September.  This is just going to be a nuisance for all of us who live here,  Franco said outside his dirt-floor home, speaking over the noise of heavy machinery on the other side of the border.    If it s not the machines, it s the constant movement of the workers, including some who speak Spanish,  he added. Guadalupe Garcia, 38, who lives on an unpaved street nearby, said she felt powerless to protest even though the construction din often woke and frightened her baby.  Unfortunately, we can t do anything about it,  she said.  It s another country, but it s affecting us.  ",1
15912,U.N. calls again for end of U.S. embargo on Cuba,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations General Assembly on Wednesday adopted a resolution calling for an end to the U.S. economic embargo on Cuba, with the United States voting against it after abstaining last year for the first time in 25 years. The 193-member General Assembly passed the resolution with 191 votes in favor. Israel, as it has done in the past, voted  in line with its top ally. The non-binding resolution urges the United States to repeal the embargo on Cuba as soon as possible. The U.N. vote can carry political weight, but only the U.S. Congress can lift the full embargo, put in place more than 50 years ago. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley called the plenary meeting on this subject  political theater.   The Cuban regime is sending the warped message to the world that the sad state of its economy, the oppression of its people, and the export of its destructive ideology is not its fault,  Haley told the General Assembly.  The U.S. position had been announced on Tuesday at the State Department. Cuba s Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez said Haley and the United States lack  the slightest moral authority to criticize Cuba,  calling her remarks  disrespectful  against Cuba and its government. Tensions have flared recently between Washington and Havana, which forged a closer relationship under former U.S. President Barack Obama and reopened embassies in both countries in 2015. Haley said the diplomatic status between both countries is not changing. U.S. President Donald Trump said earlier this month he believed Havana was responsible for a series of alleged incidents that Washington says harmed 24 of its diplomats, while Cuban officials said last week talk of acoustic strikes was  science fiction.  ",1
15913,British PM May wants Northern Ireland's government restored,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday everyone wanted to see an agreement to restore Northern Ireland s devolved government after parties failed to reach agreement.  We all want to see a Northern Ireland executive restored,  she told lawmakers. ",1
15914,Sinn Fein says Northern Ireland talks have failed,"BELFAST (Reuters) - Irish nationalist party Sinn Fein said on Wednesday that its talks with the pro-British Democratic Unionist Party aimed at re-establishing a power-sharing government in Northern Ireland had failed.   Sinn Fein is disappointed that after the last few weeks of negotiations that it has ended in failure,  Sinn Fein s leader in Northern Ireland, Michelle O Neill, told journalists.  We did our best to be flexible.  She called on the British and Irish government s  to act urgently to deliver equality  in Northern Ireland following the failure of the assembly to deliver it, citing the terms of the 1998 Good Friday peace deal.  ",1
15915,Ireland says would insist on Northern Ireland role if power-sharing not restored,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - The Irish government would insist on a role in the running of Northern Ireland if power-sharing devolved government is not restored in the British province, but it hopes that will not happen, Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said on Wednesday.  The British government moved on Wednesday to directly set Northern Ireland s budget after the province s main political parties failed to reach agreement on restoring a power-sharing government that collapsed in January.   We will have to fall back on the full detail of the (1998) Good Friday agreement, in terms of the structures that are required in the absence of devolved government,  Coveney told Irish state broadcaster RTE.   The prospect of direct rule in Northern Ireland and the Irish government s insistence on having a role in that   an appropriate role consistent with the Good Friday Agreement   is not where we want to be,  he said.  ",1
15916,DUP blames Sinn Fein for Northern Ireland talks collapse,"BELFAST (Reuters) - A senior member of Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist Party on Wednesday blamed rivals Sinn Fein for the collapse of talks on forming a power-sharing government and suggested the DUP would not compromise on the key issue of the Irish language.  In the first public statement from the DUP on the collapse of talks, member of parliament Gregory Campbell accused Sinn Fein of holding back government with  a narrow political agenda . Campbell suggested that the DUP would not accept Sinn Fein demands for additional rights and funding for Irish language speakers, the key sticking point in talks in recent weeks, saying it already receives ample public funding.   We cannot and will not be party to an agreement that elevates the Irish language not only above all others, but above health, education and other vital public services,  he said.  ",1
15917,U.S. urges dialogue on Northern Ireland power sharing: State Department,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States urged the parties involved in Northern Ireland to continue their dialogue to reach a power-sharing agreement on Wednesday after the British government moved to impose a budget on the region.  While we understand the issues under discussion between both parties are complex and sensitive, we share the UK and Irish governments  belief that these can be resolved in a spirit of shared political responsibility and pragmatism,  the State Department said in a statement.  The British government moved on Wednesday to directly set Northern Ireland s budget after the province s main political parties failed to reach agreement on restoring a power-sharing government that collapsed in January. ",1
15918,Saudi-led air strike kills 26 people in Yemen: medics,"DUBAI (Reuters) - An air strike by a Saudi-led military coalition killed 26 people at a hotel and an adjoining market in Yemen s northern Saadah province on Wednesday, according to medics and a Reuters witness. The attack, which struck the Sahar district of the vast territory that borders Saudi Arabia, demolished the budget hotel and reduced market stalls outside to a heap of twisted sheet metal. Medics retrieved corpses from the rubble.  The military alliance led by Saudi Arabia has launched thousands of air strikes against Yemen s armed Houthi movement, which hails from Saadah and now controls much of the country. The coalition said in a statement carried on state news agency SPA that it was looking into media reports of the strike and would release its findings after a comprehensive review. The 2-1/2 year war effort has yet to achieve its goal of restoring to power the internationally recognized government, but the conflict has unleashed one of the world s worst humanitarian crises and killed at least 10,000 people. Saudi Arabia and its allies, which receive logistical and intelligence help from the United States, accuse the Houthis of being a proxy of Iran.  The Houthi group denies those charges and says it is conducting a patriotic resistance against outside aggressors in thrall to the West. ",1
15919,Ecuador president removed as head of ruling party as feud deepens,"QUITO (Reuters) - Ecuador s ruling Country Alliance party, founded by former president Rafael Correa over a decade ago, has removed President Lenin Moreno as its head, citing  repeated failures  in leadership, as a schism between the former allies deepens. The Country Alliance party, which has been divided by the two politicians, late on Tuesday announced that Correa ally Ricardo Patino, a former foreign minister, would replace Moreno as party leader.  The head of the national Country Alliance party has unanimously decided,  it said in a statement announcing  the immediate removal of Lenin Moreno as president of the Country Alliance party.  Ecuador s government, however, said it did not recognize the decision and stressed Moreno remained the head of the party.   Country Alliance is a political party, not an estate ... These actions are wrong and do not reflect the feeling of our political base,  acting vice president Alejandra Vicuna told journalists on Tuesday. Moreno, a Correa prot g  who previously served as his vice president, was elected earlier this year to succeed the fiery leftist. At the time, opposition critics warned Moreno would be a puppet of political heavyweight Correa, whom they accused of seeking to stage a presidential comeback in 2021. But Moreno, a paraplegic former United Nations special envoy on disability, has stunned the Andean country of around 17 million by quickly breaking with Correa, who is now living abroad, in his wife s home country of Belgium.      Moreno, who is seeking presidential term limits via a referendum to revise the constitution, has sidelined another top Correa ally from the vice presidency, and is overseeing a corruption probe that has ensnared former high-level officials. Vicuna replaced Jorge Glas, who was also Correa s vice president, after Glas came under investigation in a corruption scandal centered on Brazilian construction company Odebrecht. He is currently in jail. Polls indicate Moreno has widespread popular support in Ecuador. His approval levels have jumped from around 66 percent in May, when he was sworn in, to about 77 percent in September, a recent survey by local pollster Cedatos showed.  Many Ecuadoreans report being satisfied with his attempts to investigate corruption and boost social welfare. His conciliatory temperament is also welcomed by some who were tired of Correa s confrontational style. ",1
15920,Grief-stricken families of Japanese abducted by North Korea pin hopes on Trump,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Takuya Yokota vividly remembers clutching a flashlight and running to the ocean with his mother and twin brother to look for his older sister in the dark, shouting her name. Megumi, then 13, had disappeared on her way home from school on a cold November day 40 years ago, kidnapped - it emerged decades later - by North Korean agents to help train spies. None of them has ever seen her again, one of scores Japan believes were snatched away in the 1970s and 80s.  Our house was thrust into a bottomless darkness,  Yokota, nine at the time, told Reuters.  Every day after that was silent and hard.  Now, as tensions rise after North Korean missile launches over Japan and nuclear tests, U.S. President Donald Trump has made Megumi s case part of his attacks on Pyongyang. He mentioned her in a September speech at the United Nations and during his Japan visit next week plans to meet her parents and other families whose loved ones were stolen. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has made the abductions a keystone of his political career and said he won t rest until all 13 of those Pyongyang admits to kidnapping have returned and divulges information about the others Japan suspects were taken. Megumi Yokota has become the poster child for the cause. But progress has largely stalled since 2002, when five of the 13 returned home. Pyongyang said the other eight, including Megumi, were dead.  Trump is the third U.S. president abductee families have met, following George W. Bush and Barack Obama. Yokota hopes the Trump meeting will give the issue new life. With Abe in charge, Megumi s return may be closer, although Yokota shows hints of impatience with Abe, in office since late 2012.   I d like (Abe) to put his reputation and his government on the line and lead this issue to a resolution,  he said. Toru Hasuike, the brother of abductee Kaoru Hasuike, one of those who returned to Japan, says the Trump meeting is merely a nod to Abe s conservative base.  This is a performance, making political use of them,  he told Reuters, referring to the Yokotas.  Asking America for help is strange. It s our country, so the Japanese government should take responsibility to help them.  Raising the issue will generate more awareness, but progress is unlikely, said Robert Boynton, a journalism professor at New York University and author of a 2016 book on the abductions.  The sad thing is I think the North Koreans are playing a waiting game - waiting for people like the Yokotas to pass away, that the next generation won t be as exercised and the issue will just go away,  Boynton said. Takuya Yokota hopes to once again meet the older sister who doted on her twin brothers.  I think of her at work, I think of her before I sleep,  he said.  When it gets cold and the snow falls ... I wonder if she s warm enough. I think of this every day.  ",1
15921,Exclusive: U.S. pursues direct diplomacy with North Korea despite Trump rejection,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is quietly pursuing direct diplomacy with North Korea, a senior State Department official said on Tuesday, despite U.S. President Donald Trump s public assertion that such talks are a waste of time. Using the so-called  New York channel,  Joseph Yun, U.S. negotiator with North Korea, has been in contact with diplomats at Pyongyang s United Nations mission, the official said, at a time when an exchange of bellicose insults between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has fueled fears of military conflict. While U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Oct. 17 said he would continue  diplomatic efforts ... until the first bomb drops,  the official s comments were the clearest sign the United States was directly discussing issues beyond the release of American prisoners, despite Trump having dismissed direct talks as pointless. There is no sign, however, that the behind-the-scenes communications have improved a relationship vexed by North Korea s nuclear and missile tests, the death of U.S. university student Otto Warmbier days after his release by Pyongyang in June and the detention of three other Americans. Word of quiet engagement with Pyongyang comes despite Trump s comments, North Korea s weapons advances and suggestions by some U.S. and South Korean officials that Yun s interactions with North Koreans had been reined in.  It has not been limited at all, both (in) frequency and substance,  said the senior State Department official.     Among the points that Yun has made to his North Korean interlocutors is to  stop testing  nuclear bombs and missiles, the official said. North Korea this year conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear detonation and has test-fired a volley of missiles, including intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) that, if perfected, could in theory reach the United States mainland. The possibility that Pyongyang may be closer to attaching a nuclear warhead to an ICBM has alarmed the Trump administration, which in April unveiled a policy of  maximum pressure and engagement  that has so far failed to deter North Korea. At the start of Trump s presidency, Yun s instructions were limited to seeking the release of U.S. prisoners.      It is (now) a broader mandate than that,  said the State Department official, declining, however, to address whether authority had been given to discuss North Korea s nuclear and missile program. In Beijing, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said China welcomed any dialogue between the United States and North Korea.  We encourage North Korea and the United States to carry out engagement and dialogue,  Hua told reporters, adding that she hoped talks could help return the issue to a diplomatic track for resolution.  NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg has urged all United Nations members to fully and transparently implement sanctions against North Korea, which he said has emerged as a global threat. Speaking at the United Nations on Sept. 19, Trump vowed to  totally destroy  North Korea if it threatened the United States or its allies, raising anxieties about the possibility of  military conflict. Twelve days later, after Tillerson said Washington was probing for a diplomatic opening, Trump said on Twitter that his chief diplomat was  wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man  - his mocking nickname for the North Korean leader. Democratic U.S. senators introduced a bill on Tuesday they said would prevent Trump from launching a nuclear first strike on North Korea on his own, highlighting the issue days before the Republican s first presidential trip to Asia. A high-ranking North Korean defector said in Washington on Tuesday that he backed the Trump administration s policy of pressuring Pyongyang through sanctions, coupled with  maximum engagement  with the leadership and increased efforts to get information into North Korea to educate its people.   I strongly believe in the use of soft power before taking any military actions,  Thae Yong Ho, chief of mission at Pyongyang s embassy in London until he defected in 2016, told the Center for Strategic and International Studies. The New York channel is one of the few conduits the United States has for communicating with North Korea, which has itself made clear it has little interest in serious talks before it develops a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the continental United States. The last high-level contact between Yun and the North Koreans was when he traveled to North Korea in June to secure the release of Warmbier, who died shortly after he returned home in a coma, the State Department official said. The Trump administration has demanded North Korea release three other U.S. citizens: missionary Kim Dong Chul and academics Tony Kim and Kim Hak Song.  Warmbier s death was a factor in the chilling of U.S.-North Korean contacts around that time but the biggest impact came from Pyongyang s stepped-up testing, the official said. The official said, however, that  the preferred endpoint is not a war but some kind of diplomatic settlement  and   suggestions that Washington is setting up a binary choice for Pyongyang to capitulate diplomatically or military action were  misleading.  Diplomacy, the official said,  has a lot more room to go.  But Trump s threats against North Korea are believed to have complicated diplomatic efforts. ",1
15922,Danish submarine owner has not said how journalist died: police,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - A Danish inventor accused of murdering Swedish journalist Kim Wall on board his submarine did not say she died from carbon monoxide poisoning, police said on Wednesday, correcting an earlier statement. On Monday Danish police said Peter Madsen had told them in an Oct. 14 interrogation that Wall, 30, had died from carbon monoxide poisoning inside the submarine, while he was on the deck of the vessel. Reacting to comments by Madsen s defense lawyer, the police said on Wednesday he had not specifically said how Wall died but had mentioned the possibility of such a cause of death. Madsen is facing charges of murder, mutilating Wall s body and sexual assault without intercourse, based on 14 interior and exterior stab wounds found on her body. He denies killing Wall but has admitted to dismembering her body and dumping the parts in the sea, police have said. Wall, who was researching a story on Madsen, went missing after he took her out to sea in the 17-metre (56-foot) submarine in August. On Aug. 23, police identified a headless female torso that washed ashore in Copenhagen as Wall s. ",1
15923,UK investigates Brexit campaign funding amid speculation of Russian meddling,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s Electoral Commission is investigating whether a leading anti-EU campaigner breached referendum finance rules, after speculation mounted that Russia may have meddled in the Brexit vote. Arron Banks, a major donor to the anti-EU campaign who was pictured with Donald Trump and leading Brexiteer Nigel Farage outside a gilded elevator soon after Trump s 2016 U.S. presidential election victory, denied the allegations. The Electoral Commission, which is already looking at whether Banks  pro-Brexit Leave.EU group received any impermissible donations, said its new investigation would examine whether he was the true source of loans to a campaigner. The investigation cannot overturn the referendum, though Banks, a 51-year-old insurance tycoon, said it was an attempt by the  Remain establishment  to discredit the Brexit result.  Allegations of Brexit being funded by the Russians ... are complete bollocks [rubbish] from beginning to end,  Banks said in an emailed statement, signing off  nostrovia , a version of  na zdorovye , Russian for  cheers! . When asked about the investigation, Prime Minister Theresa May told parliament:  We take very seriously issues of Russian intervention, or Russian attempts to intervene, in electoral processes or in the democratic processes of any country.   The announcement of the investigation comes after Ben Bradshaw, a lawmaker from the opposition Labour Party, asked the government to look into reports by advocacy group Open Democracy that the origin of some campaign funds was unclear. Bradshaw said he was also concerned about what he said were significant British connections in the U.S. investigation into whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russian efforts to meddle in the presidential election.  Russia denies meddling in Brexit or the U.S. election and Trump denies any collusion with Russia. In the June 23, 2016 referendum, 17.4 million votes, or 51.9 percent of votes cast, backed leaving the EU while 16.1 million votes, or 48.1 percent of votes cast, backed staying, a result that defied opinion polls. The Electoral Commission, which did not mention Russia, said it was looking at whether a company called Better for the Country Limited (BFTCL) - of which Banks was a director - was the true source of donations made to campaigners. BFTCL was not registered as a permitted participant in the referendum but five registered campaigning groups reported receiving donations from it totalling 2.4 million pounds, the Commission said. Banks, who was a registered permitted participant, gave three non-commercial loans to Leave.EU, totalling 6 million pounds. Participants in the referendum were only allowed to accept donations from donors that conformed to a strict set of rules, for example they could not be based outside the UK. The Commission said in April it was investigating Leave.EU s funding as well as looking at whether its spending return was complete.  Questions over the legitimacy of funding provided to campaigners at the referendum risks causing harm to voters  confidence,  said Bob Posner, director of political finance and regulation at the Commission.  It is therefore in the public interest that the Electoral Commission seeks to ascertain whether or not impermissible donations were given to referendum campaigners and if any other related offences have taken place,  he said. The Commission has the power to impose fines and other sanctions if it finds rules were broken. ",1
15924,No evidence of Russian interference in British votes: UK foreign minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - British foreign minister Boris Johnson said on Wednesday he had not seen any evidence that Russia had interfered in British elections. Asked whether he believed Russia had played a role in British elections, Johnson said:  No, I haven t seen any (evidence), not a sausage ... As far as I know they have played no role.  ",1
15925,Syrian opposition rejects Russia-sponsored peace initiative,"BEIRUT/AMMAN/ANKARA (Reuters) - Syria s opposition rejected a Russian-sponsored initiative to reach a political settlement to the civil war, as Turkey protested against moves to involve Kurdish groups, in an early setback to Moscow s peacemaking bid. Having intervened decisively in the Syrian war in 2015 in support of President Bashar al-Assad, Russia now hopes to build on the collapse of Islamic State to launch a political process to end the six-year-old conflict. Syria s government has said it is ready to attend the Nov. 18 Sochi congress which is set to focus on a new constitution, saying the time is right thanks to Syrian army gains and the  terrorists  obliteration .  But officials in the anti-Assad opposition rejected the meeting on Wednesday and insisted any talks be held under U.N. sponsorship in Geneva, the scene of a string of failed peace efforts.  The congress amounted to a meeting  between the regime and the regime , said Mohammad Alloush, a member of the opposition High Negotiations Committee and a senior official with the Jaish al-Islam rebel group.     The HNC was surprised it had been mentioned in a list of invited groups and would  issue a statement with other parties setting out the general position rejecting this conference,  Alloush told Reuters. The Turkey-based Syrian National Coalition (SNC) political opposition group said the congress was an attempt to circumvent  the international desire for political transition  in Syria. Russian air power played a big part in the defeat of rebels in opposition-held eastern Aleppo and other areas last year.   What kind of Syrian-Syrian dialogue will it be under the sponsorship of the (Russian) criminal?  said Eyad Shamsi, another HNC member and the head of a rebel faction. A Russian negotiator said on Tuesday that Syrian groups who choose to boycott the congress risked being sidelined as the political process moves ahead. Russia has invited 33 Syrian groups and political parties to what it calls a  Syrian Congress on National Dialogue . Russian President Vladimir Putin first mentioned the idea of the congress last month, saying he believed Moscow and the Syrian government would soon finally defeat militants in Syria. Helped by Russia s air force and an array of Iran-backed Shi ite militias, Assad has defeated many of the Syrian rebels who were fighting to topple him, leaving them confined to enclaves in the west. Damascus and its allies have also recovered swathes of central and eastern Syria from Islamic State in recent months, while a separate campaign by U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) has driven IS from other parts of the country. The separate campaigns are now converging on Islamic State s last strongholds in Deir al-Zor province at the Iraqi border. Russia s decision to invite Kurdish groups which dominate the SDF to Sochi triggered objections from Turkey on Wednesday. Ankara, which views the dominant Syrian Kurdish groups as a national security threat, said it was unacceptable that the Kurdish YPG militia had been invited. Turkish presidential spokesman Ibrahim Kalin said Turkish and Russian officials had discussed the issue and that he had held meetings of his own to  solve the problem on the spot . Turkey views the YPG and its political affiliate, the PYD, as an extension of the Kurdistan Workers  Party (PKK), which has been waging a three-decade insurgency in Turkey. The head of the PYD indicated on Wednesday his group favored attending the congress. Shahoz Hasan, in written comments to Reuters, said the PYD would advocate for its decentralized model for Syria. Although he did not firmly commit to attending, he said a majority among the PYD and its allies now favored going:  We are discussing it and the majority view is to attend .     ",1
15926,Bahrain accuses opposition leaders of spying for Qatar,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Bahrain s public prosecutor charged two leaders of the country s banned main opposition party of spying for Qatar on Wednesday, months after cutting ties with the neighboring Gulf monarchy amid a regional diplomatic row. Sheikh Ali Salman, secretary general of al-Wefaq party, and Sheikh Hassan Sultan are accused of colluding with Qatar to carry out  hostile acts  in Bahrain and damage its national interests and prestige, according to a statement on state news agency BNA. The men met Qatari officials as well as affiliated agents inside Lebanese Shi ite militia Hezbollah, the statement said. It accused them of transferring confidential information and receiving financial support from Qatar. The prosecutor ordered that both men be taken into custody. Salman s wife Alya Radhi wrote on Twitter that she had spoken by phone with her husband, who denied all charges. There was no immediate comment from al-Wefaq. Salman is already serving a four-year prison sentence for inciting hatred and insulting the interior ministry, after he was arrested in 2015. He was summoned and interrogated about the new accusations in the presence of his lawyer, the statement said. It did not elaborate on whether Sultan was detained. Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt cut diplomatic, transport and trade ties with Qatar in June, accusing it of financing terrorism. Bahrain and close ally Saudi Arabia believe Qatar is fomenting unrest in the island kingdom by supporting protests and sporadic attacks against security forces, backed by arch-rival Iran. Both countries deny the charges and say the boycott is an attempt to rein in support for reform in Bahrain. The Sunni-ruled kingdom, where the U.S. Fifth Fleet is based, has been on edge since 2011  Arab Spring  protests led by its Shi ite majority were put down by the government with the help of fellow Gulf Arab states. The government banned al-Wefaq and revoked the citizenship of the country s top Shi ite Muslim cleric as part of a crackdown on the opposition. Human rights groups accuse Bahrain of clamping down on dissent and violently cracking down on protests, charges the government rejects. ",1
15927,"South Sudan media regulator bans press groups, raising censorship fears","NAIROBI (Reuters) - South Sudan s media regulator has suspended all press associations in the country while they register for licences to operate, journalists said, a move that raised concern about a possible crackdown on independent media. The directive, handed to South Sudan s three associations this week and seen by Reuters on Wednesday, gave them seven days until Nov. 7 to obtain operations licences or face permanent closure.  We have applied, but we do not know whether our application will be accepted or not,  said Mary Ajith, chairwoman of the Association of Media Development in South Sudan, a grouping of journalists.  This is ... harassment from the media authority that is being done to us.   Officials from both the government information and the National Communication Authority were not immediately available for comment.  Another journalist said the directive would give the National Communication Authority powers to  command every single activity with the support from the national security agency . The move is the latest example of what rights activists say is an increasingly hostile and restrictive approach by the government towards the press in the world s youngest country. In July, four news websites and blogs - including the Dutch-backed radio station and website Radio Tamazuj - were either blocked or had transmissions partially restricted. Foreign correspondents have also faced difficulties in reporting from South Sudan, with at least 20 reporters being denied entry by authorities early this year. Since its establishment in 2015, journalists in South Sudan say the body has made it extremely difficult to obtain permits to travel outside the capital Juba on reporting trips. It also requires prior permission for filming, at a hefty cost. South Sudan, which won independence from Sudan in 2011, plunged into civil conflict in December 2013. ",1
15928,Twelve North African stowaways sent home after three-month ferry ordeal,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Twelve North African migrant stowaways have been repatriated after being stuck on a ferry sailing back and forth between Turkey and Ukraine for three months, the ferry operator said on Wednesday. With neither Turkish nor Ukrainian authorities willing to accept the migrants, the men had been locked in their cabins while the ferry continued taking goods and passengers between Istanbul and Odessa. Denmark s DFDS, which owns and operates the ferry, said a special task force set up by the Danish Foreign Ministry helped find a diplomatic solution so the men could return home. Six of the men, who boarded the ferry hidden in trailers with goods from Turkey, were identified as Algerians and sent home on Oct. 29. The other six were on their way back to Morocco on Wednesday. The men had to be locked in guarded cabins because they had a tendency to be violent, a DFDS spokesman said. DFDS had invited authorities from the United Nations aboard to question the men, while the Danish Foreign Ministry held talks with Turkey, Ukraine and Lithuania, under whose flag the ferry was sailing, to resolve the situation. ",1
15929,Gentiloni seen as Italy's most trusted political leader: poll,"ROME (Reuters) - Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni remains Italy s most trusted leader while the 5-Star Movement s Luigi Di Maio has moved into second place, overtaking former premier Matteo Renzi for the first time, according to a poll published on Wednesday. The Ixe survey of the leaders of the main parties said 39 percent of voters had confidence in Gentiloni, who took office in December after Renzi resigned following defeat in a referendum on constitutional reform. Italy is due to hold national elections by May and Renzi says he will be candidate for prime minister for his Democratic Party (PD). Gentiloni, also a PD member, is expected to fall back into the ranks when parliament is dissolved. Some 27 percent said they had faith in Renzi, against 32 percent backing for Di Maio, who was picked to be the prime ministerial candidate for the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement in September, boosting his profile and standing. In the last Ixe leadership survey in August, Gentiloni had an approval rating of 32 percent, Renzi was on 25 percent and Di Maio on 18 percent.  People probably find Gentiloni s composure reassuring,  Roberto Weber, who carried out the Ixe poll, told Rai Radio. Matteo Salvini, the far-right leader of the Northern League party, had a rating of 27 percent, and Giorgia Meloni, head of the rightist Brothers of Italy party, was on 26 percent.  Their ally Silvio Berlusconi, who sees himself as the natural head of the centre-right bloc, was adrift on 21 percent. In the previous survey, he and Meloni were both on 17 percent. Opinion polls put the 5-Star and PD parties roughly neck-and-neck on around 27 percent, with the Northern League on 15 percent, Berlusconi s Forza Italia (Go Italy!) party on around 13 percent and Brothers of Italy on just under 4 percent. A new electoral system voted into law last month is likely to produce a hung parliament at the forthcoming ballot, with no one party or coalition coming anywhere close to winning enough seats to govern alone.     ",1
15930,Relatives of Philippine drug war victims call for justice,"MANILA (Reuters) - The families of thousands of victims in the Philippines  bloody war on drugs mourned on Wednesday at gatherings in churches and cemeteries in the capital, Manila, to call for justice.   Priests at a special Catholic service on a gloomy All Saints Day prayed for and blessed photographs of those killed, and some relatives held a protest outside a police station whose officers have been blamed for deaths. President Rodrigo Duterte unleashed his signature anti-narcotics campaign immediately after taking office in June last year. Human rights groups believe many of the 3,900 deaths in police operations were summary executions. The police deny the accusations, saying the drug suspects were armed and had violently resisted arrest. Thousands of Filipinos flocked to cemeteries on All Saints  Day, known as  Todos Los Santos,  to pay their respects to the dead by cleaning tombstones, placing flowers and lighting candles.   One important reason for celebrating  Todos Los Santos  with the families is to remember their loved ones and draw inspiration and courage to seek truth and justice for those killed because of this war on drugs,  Catholic priest Gilbert Billena said during the service. Nearly 80 percent of the Philippines  population of 100 million is Catholic, the vast majority of whom still practice with enthusiasm. Relatives sang hymns and wept, surrounded by placards calling for justice beside photographs of the slain, while a poster nearby read,  Address the roots of drug addiction.   Normita Lopez, whose second-born Djastin Lopez was gunned down by police in May, mourned over her son s tomb at Manila s largest public cemetery.  Sometimes I talk to him, I tell his picture,  Son, please visit me. I want to see you. I want to hug you, because I wasn t able to,  Lopez said.   I really miss him now. I miss him so much. I miss his laugh. I miss his company.  Lopez said her 25-year-old son had been accidentally caught in a police anti-drug sweep near their slum community in Manila and was allegedly framed for the death of a resident they did not know. There was no immediate response to a Reuters  text message to a police spokesman to seek comment. Police have earlier said those targeted in anti-drugs operations were involved in the drug trade or figured on a drugs watchlist. Last month, Duterte ordered police to withdraw from the anti-narcotics campaign and leave all operations to the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency, following scrutiny of police conduct.  ",1
15931,Australia's famed Uluru outback monolith to be closed to climbers,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia s world-famous Uluru, formerly known as Ayers Rock, will be closed to climbers from 2019, its management board said on Wednesday, ending a decades-long campaign by Aborigines to protect their sacred monolith in the Northern Territory. A board of eight traditional owners and four government officials voted unanimously to close the rock to climbers, a spokesperson told Reuters.  The climb is a men s sacred area, the men have closed it,  chairman Sammy Wilson added in a statement.  It has cultural significance that includes certain restrictions.   The UNESCO World Heritage-listed 348-metre (1,142 ft) rock, known for its shifting red-ochre colors, is a top tourist drawcard, attracting around 300,000 visitors each year, despite its remote desert location near Alice Springs. The traditional owners of Uluru, the Anangu people, have called for the climb to be closed since 1985, when the park was placed in indigenous hands.  The rock s board said in a report in 2010 that they would close the attraction to climbers if the proportion of visitors who tried to climb it dropped below 20 percent. They took the matter to a vote on Wednesday after data showed the number of climbers had fallen below that threshold, from about three quarters throughout the 1990s to just 16.2 per cent between 2011 and 2015. The ban will take effect on Oct. 26, 2019, exactly 34 years after Uluru was handed back to its traditional owners. Australians are still the most common visitors to climb the rock, followed by the Japanese, according to Parks Australia. The climb is closed about 77 percent of the time due to dangerous weather or cultural reasons.  There have been 36 confirmed fatalities at Uluru since records were first kept in the 1950s, with the most recent in 2010. (This story has been refiled to fix typo in first paragraph) ",1
15932,Germany issues arrest warrant against Syrian bomb plot suspect,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A German federal judge issued an arrest warrant on Wednesday against a 19-year-old Syrian man detained on suspicion of planning a bombing attack, the Public Prosecutor s Office (GBA) said in a statement. Police detained the man, identified only as Yamen A. under German privacy laws, on Tuesday and prosecutors said they believe he had planned an Islamist-motivated bomb attack with the aim of killing as many people as possible. He had been in contact online with jihadists including one who described himself as a  soldier of the caliphate , a spokeswoman for the federal prosecutor s office said. Yamen A. was arrested in the northeastern town of Schwerin. Police searched his home and also those of other people not suspected of being directly involved. The arrest comes one month before the first anniversary of an attack in Berlin by a failed Tunisian asylum seeker who killed 12 people by plowing a truck into a Christmas market. Concrete blocks have been installed around Christmas markets at several central squares in the capital this year before the festive season opens in a couple of weeks. ",1
15933,Suggestions Britain must be punished over Brexit are regrettable: minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - Language suggesting that Britain should be punished for leaving the European Union is  regrettable , as are any suggestions from London that officials do not want to negotiate a Brexit deal, trade minister Liam Fox said on Wednesday. Answering questions from lawmakers, Fox also said it was  inconceivable  that the open skies agreement between the United States and the EU would not continue to include Britain once it has left the bloc in March 2019. ",1
15934,UK minister says U.S. will drive hard bargain in post-Brexit trade talks,LONDON (Reuters) - Foreign minister Boris Johnson said on Wednesday Britain should expect the United States to drive a very hard bargain in talks to secure a post-Brexit trade deal. ,1
15935,German Greens make stand on car emissions in coalition talks,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s Greens said on Wednesday that any coalition government they join would have to agree to make carmakers introduce mechanical changes to engine and exhaust systems to cut toxic emissions. Transport is among the policy areas being thrashed out in talks taking place between Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens, who are aiming to form a coalition by Christmas.  The parties are discussing all policy areas before launching detailed negotiations. While the atmosphere has improved in recent days, there have been few actual deals, with immigration and climate change among the biggest sticking points. The Greens  demand on carmakers would go further than software fixes so far agreed between politicians and German car bosses to help repair the industry s badly damaged reputation. The future of Germany s mighty car industry, the country s biggest exporter and provider of some 800,000 jobs, is a tricky area as it tries to recover from the diesel emissions testing scandal which broke at Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) two years ago. Despite public concern and planned diesel bans in countries including France and Britain in coming decades, German lawmakers have not yet dared ask the same of its carmakers, such as BMW, VW, Daimler and Porsche who have invested heavily in diesel. In August, politicians and car bosses agreed to overhaul engine software on 5.3 million diesel cars to cut pollution and avoid bans on polluting vehicles but they stopped short of committing to more expensive hardware modifications. That may have to change if the Greens share power.      We won t meet our targets of getting cleaner air in city centers with software upgrades alone,  Cem Ozdemir, a leader of the Greens, said as he headed into the talks.  There must also be hardware solutions.  Ozdemir said the auto industry was going through the biggest transformation process in its history and the car had to be reinvented to make it emission-free and more automated. Public transport must also be expanded, he added. The conservative bloc, comprising Chancellor Angela Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) and Bavaria s Christian Social Union (CSU), oppose any demand to ban the combustion engine from 2030.  ",1
15936,"Syrian Kurds favor attending Russia-backed peace talks, party head says","BEIRUT (Reuters) - The head of Syria s main Kurdish political party indicated on Wednesday his group favors attending a Russian-sponsored peace congress later this month, the first time the Kurds would participate in a major diplomatic push to end the war. Shahoz Hasan said his Democratic Union Party (PYD) would advocate for its decentralized model for Syria, which it says is the only way to end the six-year-old conflict that has made half of Syrians homeless and killed hundreds of thousands.  We tabled the democratic federal solution in mid-March of 2016, and without it there are no solutions but only rendering the Syrian crisis permanent,  Hasan, PYD co-chair, said in written responses to questions from Reuters. Although he did not firmly commit to attending the Nov. 18 peace conference in the Russian Black Sea city of Sochi, he said a majority among the PYD and its allies now favored going:  We are discussing it and the majority view is to attend . The PYD has emerged as one of the most powerful players in Syria since the eruption of the civil war in 2011. Its armed affiliate, the YPG, controls swathes of northern Syria where Kurdish-led local administrations have been set up. They are allied to the United States as the core of the Syrian Defence Forces (SDF) that, with U.S. air support and ground advisers, drove Islamic State from much of northern Syria and captured the militants  de facto capital Raqqa last month. The main rebel groups fighting to overthrow President Bashar al-Assad are planning to boycott the Nov. 18 peace congress in Sochi, which Moscow says will focus on a new constitution.  But attendance by the PYD could be important if it yields steps toward rapprochement between the Russian-backed government and the U.S.-backed Kurds, which between them now control most of the country. The Kurds and the government have largely avoided fighting each other during the multi-sided civil war, with both concentrating instead on fighting other enemies such as Islamic State and Arab rebels hostile to both Assad and the YPG. The PYD says it is not fighting to win independence, but to ensure any post-war constitution gives autonomy to regions. In September, its administrations held the first part of a three-phase election that will conclude in January with the establishment of a parliament. Syria s foreign minister said in September that Kurdish autonomy demands were negotiable. But Damascus recently toughened its stance, declaring on Sunday that Raqqa was under SDF  occupation  and the city would only be considered liberated once the Syrian army recovered it. Hasan said this showed Damascus was  moving away from the democratic solution  and returning to its old stance  that there is no revolutionary movement in Syria and that the pre-2011 Syria can be recreated .  This vision is counter to reality and stands against the democratic solution,  said Hasan, who was elected to his post in September, replacing Saleh Muslim. He added that solving the crisis required a three-year period of political transition. Hasan did not respond to a question of whether the PYD would seek Assad s removal from office, the core demand of the Syrian opposition. The YPG has previously said it would have  no problem with the regime  if Kurdish rights were guaranteed.   The invitation to Sochi marks the first time the Syrian Kurds have been asked to attend a major peace conference. The PYD has been left out of diplomacy in line with the wishes of Turkey, which views it as an offshoot of the Kurdistan Workers  Party that has fought a decades-long insurgency in Turkey. Hasan said  the broad lines and fundamental elements that guarantee the solution  should be agreed ahead of time, otherwise the congress would amount to  a media carnival . ",1
15937,Suspected Islamist arrested after knife attack near Tunis parliament,"ETTADAMEN,(TUNISIA) (Reuters) - A suspected Islamist militant wounded two policemen with a knife near the parliament in Tunis on Wednesday and was later arrested, Tunisia s Interior Ministry said. It was a rare incident in a country that has improved security since deadly attacks in 2015. The assailant was known to authorities and said after the attack that he considered the police to be  tyrants , the statement said. One of the policemen was taken to hospital for treatment after being wounded in the neck, while the other was only lightly wounded, it said.   I saw a young man with a thick beard trying to kill a policeman. He put the knife in his neck before he was pursued by a second policeman,  a witness told Reuters.  He shouted  Allahu Akbar  (God is greatest) as he attacked the policemen.  The Interior Ministry said Wednesday s suspect had confessed that  he had adopted Takfiri thought three years ago and believes that killing security forces is a form of jihad .   Takfiri thought  refers to a view that Muslims should proclaim other Muslims to be infidels and justify attacks against them. Large numbers of police were deployed to the Bardo square in the aftermath of the attack, a witness said. Blood could be seen on the ground in the square. The square is opposite the parliament building and close to the Bardo museum, where 21 people, mostly European tourists, were killed in an attack by three gunmen in March 2015. A security source told Reuters the attacker was 25 and from Ettadamen - one of the largest, poorest suburbs of Tunis.  I know him well, he is the youngest in a family of six brothers including a sister who works in the parliament s administration , Hamid one of the attacker s neighbors told Reuters. Colonel Major Khelifa Chibani of Tunisia s national guard named the attacker as Zied Gharbi. Security forces raided his house and confiscated his personal computer and other items, he said. Sofian Sliti, a spokesman for judicial counter-terrorism investigations said that  the attacker planned to join terrorist groups in Libya . As well as the Bardo killings, Tunisia suffered two other major attacks in 2015, one against tourists at the beach resort of Sousse and the other against presidential guards in the capital. The 2015 attacks severely damaged the economy, which has a large tourism sector at its Mediterranean beaches. Since then, security has been boosted at strategic sites while authorities have cracked down on militants, dismantling dozens of cells. Tunisia was the only Arab country where a long-serving leader was toppled in the region s 2011 uprisings without triggering civil war or large-scale violence. Tunisian democracy activists who kept dialogue open between Islamists and secularists were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2015. ",1
15938,Japan's Abe re-elected prime minister after big election win,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan s Shinzo Abe was re-elected prime minister on Wednesday after his ruling bloc s big election win last month and days ahead of a visit by U.S. President Donald Trump that is expected to be dominated by concerns over a volatile North Korea. Abe, 63, took office in December 2012, promising to reboot the stale economy and bolster defense. His Liberal Democratic Party-led coalition retained its two-thirds  super majority  in parliament s lower house in the Oct. 22 election, reenergizing his push to revise the post-war, pacifist constitution. Abe was expected to reappoint current cabinet ministers and tell them to compile an extra budget for the year to March 31, 2018 focusing on child care and boosting productivity. In a telephone conversation on Monday, Abe and Trump agreed to work together on steps to counter Pyongyang s nuclear and missile development.  Trump told Abe  he is looking forward to his visit to Japan, that Japan and America are 100 percent together and there is no room to doubt the Japan-U.S. alliance,  Japanese Deputy Chief Cabinet Secretary Yasutoshi Nishimura told reporters. The two leaders have developed a close personal relationship since Trump was elected, and plan to play golf together during Trump s Nov. 5-7 visit to Japan.  ",1
15939,"New Turkish party could cost Erdogan support, dislodge main opposition: poll","ANKARA(Reuters) - A new Turkish political party founded by a former minister and vocal critic of Tayyip Erdogan could cost the president crucial support and potentially unseat the main opposition, a poll suggested on Wednesday. The survey by prominent polling firm Gezici showed that the Iyi Parti ( Good Party ), founded this month by the breakaway nationalist lawmaker Meral Aksener, could mark a dramatic shift in Turkish politics, eclipsing the secular CHP that dominated Turkish politics for large parts of the republic s history. While only five members of the 550-seat parliament have joined Aksener s party, the survey suggested it could win over voters from several parties, including Erdogan s Islamist-rooted AK Party as well as secular or nationalist groups. Although Turkey s next elections are not due until 2019, pollster Gezici asked 4,638 respondents how they would vote in the event of a snap election.  Support for Erdogan s ruling AK Party, which has been in power since 2002, would fall to 43.8 percent, from 49.5 percent in the November 2015 parliamentary polls, the survey showed.  Aksener s party would win 19.5 percent of the vote, beating the secularist People s Republican Party s (CHP) 18.5 percent, it showed. That would mark the first time since 2002 elections that the CHP - established by Turkey s founder, Mustafa Kemal Ataturk - was not the main opposition. The CHP won 25 percent of votes in 2015. The nationalist MHP, where Aksener previously served as a lawmaker and interior minister, and the pro-Kurdish HDP were both seen falling below the 10 percent threshold needed to enter the 550-seat parliament. The MHP was seen polling at 8.8 percent, from 11.9 in 2015. The HDP, whose leaders have been jailed in the crackdown that followed last year s failed coup, was seen taking 7.0 percent, from 10.8 in 2015. Gezici was one of the most accurate pollsters on the results of April s referendum to change the constitution.  The poll was conducted between Oct. 10-15, days before the widely expected announcement of the formation of the Iyi Parti. Respondents were asked to choose from a list of potential political parties, including  Aksener s party .  Aksener was expelled last year from the nationalist MHP, the smallest of three opposition parties in parliament, after launching a failed bid to unseat party leader Devlet Bahceli, whose support helped Erdogan to a narrow victory in the April referendum that expanded his authority. Since her expulsion, the 61-year-old has become one of the most prominent voices in the country, frequently criticizing Erdogan and the government. In the case of the Iyi Parti not participating in potential snap elections, the AKP would win just over 47 percent, while the CHP would earn 26.8 percent, the poll showed. The AKP, founded by Erdogan, has held a majority in parliament for nearly 15 years. After winning almost 50 percent of votes in 2015, Erdogan and party officials said they aimed to win more than half the votes in the coming general elections. (This version of the story corrects sixth paragraph to show that CHP have been main opposition since 2002 elections, not decades) ",1
15940,Russian bombers hit militant targets in Syria's Deir al-Zor: agencies,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Six long-range strategic bombers took off from their bases in Russia to hit militant targets in the Syrian province of Deir al-Zor on Wednesday, Russian news agencies cited the Russian Defence Ministry as saying. The Tu-22M3 planes flew over Iran and Iraq to hit the targets which included  terrorist  strongholds and depots with weapons and ammunition, TASS news agency reported. ",1
15941,Brexit tycoon Banks says Russia did not fund campaign to leave the EU,"LONDON (Reuters) - Arron Banks, a tycoon who backed leaving the European Union, on Wednesday dismissed allegations that Russia had funded Brexit. Britain s electoral commission earlier said it had opened an investigation into whether Banks breached campaign finance rules in the 2016 Brexit referendum.  Allegations of Brexit being funded by the Russians... are complete bollocks (rubbish) from beginning to end,  Banks said in an emailed statement. Commenting on the electoral commission investigation, Banks said:  This is the Remain establishment once again trying to discredit the result and it s all starting to get rather boring!  Banks ended the statement with the word  Nostrovia , a mispronunciation of the Russian phrase  na zdorovie  which is sometimes used as a toast to good health when drinking. ",1
15942,UK PM May says takes allegations of Russian interference seriously,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday she took reports of Russian interference in elections seriously, following an ongoing investigation in the United States over alleged Russian meddling in its 2016 presidential vote. Earlier on Wednesday, Britain s electoral commission said it had opened an investigation into funding of the leave campaign in last year s Brexit referendum.  We take very seriously issues of Russian intervention, or Russian attempts to intervene, in electoral processes or in the democratic processes of any country,  May told parliament. ",1
15943,Myanmar blames Bangladesh for delaying accord on repatriating Rohingya,"YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar insisted on Wednesday it was ready to set up a repatriation process for Rohingya Muslims even as more risked their lives fleeing the country, but it voiced fears Bangladesh was delaying an accord to first get international aid money. A senior Bangladesh home ministry official described the accusation as outrageous. More than 600,000 Rohingya have fled predominantly Buddhist Myanmar to neighboring Bangladesh since late August to escape violence that accompanied a brutal military counter-insurgency operation after Rohingya militant attacks on security posts in Myanmar s Rakhine State. Stung by international criticism and accusations of ethnic cleansing, Myanmar s de facto leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, has said Rohingya refugees who can prove they were resident will be accepted back. But for now, the flow of people is one-way, with Rohingya still preferring to risk being destitute in Bangladesh rather than stay in Myanmar in fear of their lives. Zaw Htay, a spokesman for Suu Kyi, said Myanmar was ready to begin the repatriation process any time, based along the lines of an agreement with Bangladesh that covered returns of Rohingya to Myanmar in the early 1990s. He said Bangladesh had yet to accept those terms.  We are ready to start, but the other side did not accept yet, and the process was delayed. This is the number one fact,  Zaw Htay, Director-General of the Ministry of the State Counsellor s Office, told journalists on Tuesday. A memorandum of understanding on border liaison posts was signed with Bangladesh Home Minister Asaduzzaman Khan following talks in the Myanmar capital, Naypyitaw, last week, but there was no progress on reviving the old agreement.  Zaw Htay linked the delay by Bangladesh to the money raised so far by the international community to help build gigantic refugee camps for the Rohingya.  Currently they have got $400 million. Over their receipt of this amount, we are now afraid of delaying the program of deporting the refugees,  he said in comments carried in a front-page article in the state-run Global New Light of Myanmar newspaper on Wednesday.  They have got international subsidies. We are now afraid they would have another consideration as to repatriation,  he said. A senior Bangladesh home ministry official gave a scathing response.   Their claim is outrageous. We are stunned,  the official told Reuters in Dhaka.  How can they say this when everyone knows who are making the delay?   The Bangladesh government issued a statement last Thursday saying that Myanmar had not agreed to 10 points put forward by its minister at last week s talks, including the full implementation of the recommendations of an Advisory Commission on Rakhine State, chaired by former U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan, for a sustainable return of Rohingya. Khan told Bangladesh media last Friday that the two sides were unable to form a joint working group but said it should be set up by the time Foreign Minister Abul Hassan Mahmood Ali goes to Myanmar for further talks on Nov. 30. The United Nation s new interim resident coordinator for Myanmar began his new job on Wednesday. Knut Ostby, a Norwegian, has stepped into the key humanitarian and diplomatic role at a time of growing strains with the Myanmar government over the handling of the Rohingya crisis. Meantime, while Myanmar and Bangladesh work out how Rohingya can eventually go home, the grim exodus from Myanmar continues. Seven Rohingya, including three babies and two children, drowned making the perilous sea crossing up the coast from Myanmar to Bangladesh earlier this week. Given the horrors endured by many Rohingya now living in refugee camps it would be unsurprising if they were in no hurry to return to their old home. U.N. investigators interviewing Rohingya living in refugee camps in Bangladesh said on Friday they had gathered testimony pointing to a  consistent, methodical pattern  of killings, torture, rape and arson. A worry for Myanmar as it prepares to scrutinize any returnees is the risk of Islamist militants sneaking into the country, as several groups, including al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent (AQIS), have called for a jihad to fight for the Rohingya. (This version of the story fixes typo in second paragraph) ",1
15944,Britain's May says action will be taken on sexual abuse in parliament,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday action would be taken when there are allegations and evidence of sexual misconduct in parliament.  I am very clear that we will take action against those where there are allegations that we see, and the evidence is there, that there has been misconduct,  she told lawmakers. ",1
15945,Bangladesh police arrest pilot 'suspected of air attack plot',"DHAKA (Reuters) - A pilot with the Bangladesh national carrier Bangladesh Biman was arrested on Wednesday suspected of terrorism offences, including plotting to keep passengers hostage and flying a plane into the houses of top government leaders, police said. Sabbir Enam, 31, was detained on Tuesday and formally arrested on Wednesday, a senior police official said. Rapid Action Battalion, the special security force of Bangladesh police, arrested him and three others, including his mother, said Mufti Mahmud Khan, a director of the RAB responsible for the legal and media wing of the force. He told Reuters that Sabbir had close links with the militant group Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) and was planning to fly a plane into the residences of top government leaders.  He also had plans to take a flight, keeping passengers as hostage, (and heading) to some Middle Eastern country,  Mufti said. No further details of the plans, or if or when they were ever to be carried out, were immediately available. The arrested pilot was not available for comment. JMB is an Islamic militant organization which in 2005, detonated 500 bombs at 300 locations across the country. Its aim is to set up an Islamic state. ",1
15946,Ireland says ongoing failure of Northern Ireland talks 'deeply concerning',"DUBLIN (Reuters) - The continuing failure of Irish nationalists and pro-British Unionists to form a government in Northern Ireland is  deeply concerning,  Ireland s Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said after Britain moved to directly set a budget for the region. Britain s minister for Northern Ireland James Brokenshire on Wednesday said he had no choice but to begin the process of setting a budget directly for the first time in a decade due to the failure of talks to form a devolved executive. [L8N1N73RN]  Both Governments share the view that it is regrettable and deeply concerning that, eight months after the last Assembly election, a power-sharing Executive is not in place,  Coveney said in a statement.    The non-functioning of the devolved institutions is not something which the Irish Government wants to contemplate.  ",1
15947,Higher chance of no deal if EU exit talks do not move on quickly: minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - The longer it takes for Britain and the European Union to start negotiations on their future relationship after Brexit, the higher the chance of a no deal scenario, trade minister Liam Fox said on Wednesday.   I think it s unreasonable (not to move the Brexit talks forward) given the business interests across the European Union and given the interests of international investors,  Fox told a committee of lawmakers.   The trouble is that the later these discussions begin, the higher the chance of not reaching a deal on time become.  ",1
15948,South Africa's unruly ANC branches kick off race to succeed Zuma,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s ruling African National Congress (ANC) is holding hundreds of branch meetings as grassroots members nominate candidates to take over from President Jacob Zuma as party chief in December. The frontrunners are Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa and Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, former chair of the African Union and Zuma s ex-wife, but with several other senior ANC figures running, the contest is too close to call. The ANC s next leader will probably become president in 2019 given the party s electoral dominance. First they face the tough task of winning back voters disillusioned with Zuma s rule and investors spooked by ratings downgrades. The fractious, sometimes violent, branch meetings start the decisive final stretch of the race to succeed Zuma, whose rule has been marred by corruption allegations and a sharp economic slowdown. Ramaphosa, a former union leader and one of the country s richest people, is viewed more favourably by foreign investors, who help cover the country s deficits. Many of them are unsettled by Dlamini-Zuma s calls to radically redistribute wealth and change the ownership structure of the central bank. Ramaphosa and Dlamini-Zuma s campaign teams did not reply to requests for comment on reports of intimidation and manipulation of the nomination process in some provinces.  The real fight is in December, but psychologically the battle for the soul of the ANC has begun,  said Stan Itshegetseng, who chaired a branch meeting in the Diepkloof district of the sprawling Soweto township on Sunday. It took 11 hours for Itshegetseng s branch of over 320 members to nominate Ramaphosa for ANC president, recommend more than 20 other officials for the party s National Executive Committee and agree on a delegate to send to the December party conference. Nominations in the branches matter because they send 90 percent of the more than 5,000 delegates who will vote in December. Branch meetings started last month and are due to end in mid-November. For a factbox on the ANC leadership contest, see: Unless change comes under the ANC s next leader, some analysts believe the ANC could lose the 2019 election, a once unthinkable scenario for a party that has led comfortably since sweeping to power under Nelson Mandela at the end of apartheid in 1994. As the ANC s electoral majority has shrunk, so the battle for control of the party has intensified between the factions backing Dlamini-Zuma and Ramaphosa. Zuma and the ANC s youth and women s leagues he controls want Dlamini-Zuma, while Ramaphosa is backed by a diverse group of labor unions, communists and ANC members who say the party has lost its way under Zuma. Provincial ANC leaders are split. Carol Sono, a branch member in Diepkloof, said Dlamini-Zuma s stints as health minister, foreign minister and home affairs minister meant she was the most qualified.  It s only because of patriarchy that she wasn t chosen sooner,  Sono said. Kedi Saletese, a branch secretary in the Orlando district of Soweto, said only Ramaphosa could tackle corruption and help the ANC reclaim its image as a defender of ordinary South Africans.  Now people see the ANC as a stepladder to enrich themselves. It makes you ashamed to wear an ANC T-shirt,  she said. Saletese s branch - like Itshegetseng s in Diepkloof - nominated Ramaphosa on Sunday. The Gauteng province, where Soweto and the country s commercial capital, Johannesburg, are based, is an area where Ramaphosa enjoys strong support. Ramaphosa also polls well in the Eastern Cape and Limpopo provinces, whereas Dlamini-Zuma is likely to receive a greater share of votes in provinces including her native Kwa-Zulu Natal and Mpumalanga, where the premier is viewed as a Zuma ally. Earlier this year there was a spate of political killings in Kwa-Zulu Natal, and some officials have expressed concern there could be more bloodshed as the leadership race nears its climax. At the three branches Reuters visited in Soweto on Sunday, there was no sign of violence, though a coordinator for Ramaphosa s campaign said he had been threatened with being  taken out permanently  for his choice of leader. Activists for Ramaphosa and Dlamini-Zuma mingled with party members, urging loyalty before the nominations began. As Ramaphosa supporters emerged victorious from their branch meeting in Diepkloof, they started singing  Things will change . ",1
15949,Factbox: How South Africa's ANC will pick Zuma's successor,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s ruling African National Congress (ANC) will elect a new party leader to succeed President Jacob Zuma at a conference in December. The winner will be favorite to become South African president after a 2019 election. The frontrunners are Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa and Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, former chair of the African Union and Zuma s ex-wife. Other candidates include ANC Treasurer General Zweli Mkhize and Human Settlements Minister Lindiwe Sisulu  Below are the main stages of the process by which the ANC will choose its new leader. ",1
15950,German railway under fire for proposal to name train 'Anne Frank',"BERLIN (Reuters) - German rail operator Deutsche Bahn is facing a siege of online criticism over a proposal to name a high-speed train after Holocaust victim Anne Frank, who was deported by train to the Auschwitz concentration camp. The idea to name the high-speed ICE 4 train after Frank came from proposals made by Deutsche Bahn customers and the German public, which a panel reviewed. Of 19,400 submissions, Anne Frank was one of the most popular names, it said.  Aware of the historical responsibility we bear, we made a deliberate decision to help keep Anne Frank s memory alive,  Bahn said in a statement.  It was not our intention to disrespect the memory of Anne Frank in any way whatsoever.  Critics say the plan was insensitive. Frank was deported from her home in Amsterdam and taken to Auschwitz by train in September 1944. She was later moved the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp, where she died in early 1945. Iris Eberl, a conservative Bavarian lawmaker, said on twitter the plan was  disrespectful. Mirjam Wenzel, director of the Jewish Museum in Frankfurt, where Frank was born, tweeted that the idea was  based on historical amnesia . The Anne Frank House, the museum that preserves the family s hiding place in Amsterdam, said in a statement that the idea of naming the train after her  is painful for the people who experienced these deportations, and causes fresh pain to those who still bear the consequences of those times within them.  ",1
15951,"Two years after the Paris attacks, France ends state of emergency","PARIS (Reuters) - Two years after militants killed 130 people in coordinated attacks across Paris, France officially ended a state of emergency, replacing it with the introduction of a new security law which critics say undermines civil liberties. The new anti-terrorism law, effective from Wednesday, gives police extended powers to search properties, conduct electronic eavesdropping and shut mosques or other locations suspected of preaching hatred.  Some dread that now that we are out the state of emergency there could be a drop in vigilance, it is the opposite,  French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe told journalists during a short visit to police officers guarding the Eiffel Tower in Paris.  The level of threat is high everywhere in the world,  he said, referring to the attack in New York on Tuesday where a pickup truck driver killed eight people. The new legislation transposes some of the measures contained in the state of emergency rule into law, although with some modifications. One measure will allow the Interior Ministry, without approval from a judge, to set up large security perimeters in case of an identified threat, restricting movement of people and vehicles and with power to carry out searches inside the area. Conservative politicians warn the regulations are not going far enough while human rights groups and members of the left fear police misconduct.  France has become so addicted to the state of emergency that it is now injecting several of these abusive measures into ordinary law,  Human Rights Watch said before parliament backed the legislation last month. France s human rights watchdog, an independent body, has said it is concerned about breaches of rights of Muslims. The French Council of the Muslim Faith, the official interlocutor with the state in the regulation of Muslim religious activities, said it would remain vigilant about the bill s implementation. However, the concerns expressed by such rights groups have had little resonance with the public so far. A poll conducted in early October showed more than 80 percent of support for the bill. The government says the state of emergency has helped intelligence agencies to thwart more than 30 attacks.  President Emmanuel Macron said on Tuesday Islamist militancy remained the biggest security threat to France. ",1
15952,"Brexit agreement more likely than 'no deal', says UK's trade minister","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain is more likely to strike an exit deal with the European Union than it is to crash out of the bloc without any agreement, British trade minister Liam Fox said on Wednesday. ",1
15953,UK's Fox says hopes to confirm EU trade deals with countries before Brexit,LONDON (Reuters) - British trade minister Liam Fox said on Wednesday he hoped to be able to agree similar trading arrangements with those countries which already have free trade deals with the European Union by the time Britain leaves the bloc. Trade officials had said previously that Britain had already won some kind of agreement with the dozens of countries which have trade deals with the EU to continue to trade largely along the already agreed lines. ,1
15954,Russia not currently planning actions against U.S. media or social networks: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian communications watchdog Roskomnadzor is not currently planning any concrete actions against U.S. media outlets or online social networks, RIA news agency cited Roskomnadzor head Alexander Zharov as saying on Wednesday.  If we are talking about right now ... we are not preparing any concrete actions against American media or American social networks,  the agency quoted Zharov as telling reporters. ",1
15955,"Kurdish leader departs, leaving nephew faced with reconciliation","ERBIL Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi Kurdish President Masoud Barzani departed office on Wednesday, leaving his nephew to reconcile with the central government in Baghdad, with regional neighbors and with rival Kurdish parties after a failed referendum on independence. Nechirvan Barzani, who has served alongside his uncle as prime minister, will now be the main authority figure in the executive of the Kurdish autonomous region, following Masoud Barzani s departure as president, Kurdish officials said.  The prime minister will be the key person during this transitional period,  said Hoshyar Zebari, a former Iraqi foreign minister, now advisor to the Kurdish government and senior member of the ruling Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP).  The elder Barzani, a 71-year-old veteran guerrilla leader, had run the Kurdish autonomous region with a firm hand since 2005, during which it prospered while the rest of Iraq was mired in civil war. But he announced his resignation on Sunday, effective on Nov. 1, after a Sept. 25 referendum on independence backfired, prompting the central government to send troops to recapture territory held by the Kurds outside their autonomous region. The referendum and government backlash have also revealed deep divisions among the Kurds themselves. During his resignation speech, Masoud Barzani accused his political rivals of  high treason  for yielding territory without a fight. His nephew Nechirvan, 51, who has served as prime minister for all but three years since 2006, is seen in Kurdish politics as a less polarising figure, having warmer relations than his uncle with rival Kurdish parties. He also has a close working relationship with Turkey s President Tayyip Erdogan, who has backed Baghdad in the central government s dispute with the Kurds since the referendum. The Kurdish regional parliament voted on Sunday to divide the president s powers among parliament, the judiciary and the cabinet, until parliamentary and presidential elections are next held. The elections were originally scheduled for Nov. 1 but postponed last month until next year. Before the referendum, Barzani s son Masrour was seen as his likely successor, but he has been damaged by his backing of the secession vote, which soured relationships with Baghdad and regional powers who opposed it. On Monday, the United States commended Masoud Barzani for stepping down and said it would actively engage with Nechirvan Barzani and his deputy, Qubad Talabani, a member of the rival political faction with whom he maintains a good relationship. UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson also spoke with Nechirvan Barzani on Monday to encourage dialogue with Baghdad. He also met with met with the French and Germany ambassadors to Iraq, Bruno Aubert and Cyrill Nunn, on Tuesday. As prime minister, Nechirvan Barzani has been central to brokering the semi-autonomous region s oil dealings, now in jeopardy following Iraq s recapture of disputed territories on Oct. 16, including the oil-rich city of Kirkuk. Despite no longer being president, Masoud Barzani will not be retreating from public life, government officials said.  In his televised address on Sunday announcing the end of his presidency, Barzani said that he would remain a Peshmerga, or Kurdish fighter, and will continue to battle for his people s lifelong dream of independence. He will also remain head of the ruling party and will still sit on the High Political Council, a non-governmental body which emerged after the referendum. Kurdish politics have been dominated for decades by the KDP, led by three generations of the Barzani family, and its main rivals the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK), led by the family of Jalal Talabani, who died in October. The two parties fought a civil war against each other in the 1990s, but maintained an outward appearance of unity after the fall of Saddam Hussein in 2003, with Jalal Talabani serving as Iraq s ceremonial president in Baghdad from 2005-2014 while Masoud Barzani ran the Kurdish autonomous region. ",1
15956,Man arrested after trying to sell original of Bosnia's peace treaty,"SARAJEVO (Reuters) - A Bosnian Serb man was arrested after trying to sell an original document from the 1995 Dayton peace agreement that ended Bosnia s war, police said on Wednesday. The document had gone missing a decade ago. Media identified the man as Zeljko Kuntos, a former driver for a Bosnian Serb ex-parliament speaker, and said he had been trying to sell the document for 100,000 Bosnian marka ($60,000). The U.S.-brokered peace treaty that ended the war was reached at a U.S. air base in Dayton, Ohio in November 1995 by the then presidents of Bosnia, Serbia and Croatia, the three sides involved in the conflict in which more than 100,000 died. Under the treaty, Bosnia was split into two autonomous regions, the Federation shared by the Bosnian Croats and Muslim Bosniaks, and the Serb-dominated Serb Republic.  The person Z.K., who obtained during 2017 the original document written in English of the Dayton peace agreement, is suspected of offering it for sale in order to gain illegal benefits,  police said in a statement. They gave no further details. In 2008, a then presidency member revealed that the original document of the peace treaty in English was missing.  Kuntos was arrested on Thursday in Pale, the Bosnian Serb wartime stronghold near Sarajevo.  It is not clear how he obtained the document.  ",1
15957,Springer Nature blocks access to certain articles in China,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Springer Nature, which publishes science magazines Nature and Scientific American, said on Wednesday it had pulled access to a small number of articles in China to comply with regulations, adding that it viewed the move as regrettable but necessary. The decision comes after Britain s Cambridge University Press (CUP) said in August it had removed from its website in China about 300 papers and book reviews published in the China Quarterly journal, after a request from the Chinese government. CUP, the publishing arm of elite Cambridge University, later reversed its decision and reposted the articles, following an outcry from academics, who attacked the decision as an affront to academic freedom. In a statement, Germany-based Springer Nature said that less than one percent of its content had been  limited  in mainland China.  This action is deeply regrettable, but has been taken to prevent a much greater impact on our customers and authors,  it said.   This is not editorial censorship and does not affect the content we publish or make accessible elsewhere in the world. It is a local content access decision in China done to comply with specific local regulations,  it added. The Financial Times said at least 1,000 Springer Nature articles had been blocked in China, containing sensitive key words like Taiwan, Tibet and Cultural Revolution. Under President Xi Jinping, Beijing has stepped up censorship, tightened controls on the internet and various aspects of civil society, and strengthened Communist Party authority over academia and other institutions. Beijing said in September that Chinese importers of foreign publications must verify the products were legal. China s State Council Information Office did not immediately respond to a faxed request for comment sent after office hours.  In not taking action we ran the very real risk of all of our content being blocked,  Springer Nature said.  We do not believe that it is in the interests of our authors, customers, or the wider scientific and academic community, or to the advancement of research, for us to be banned from distributing our content in China.  Cambridge University Press had said it had blocked articles on topics including the 1989 Tiananmen Square democracy protests, the 1960s Cultural Revolution and Tibet, in order to keep its other academic and educational materials available in the country. ",1
15958,"Gunfire heard in Eritrea's capital as protests break out, U.S. embassy says","NAIROBI (Reuters) - The U.S. embassy in Eritrea said it has received reports of gunfire in several parts of the capital, Asmara, after protests erupted in one of Africa s most secretive nations.  The embassy advises U.S. citizens to avoid the downtown area where protests appear to be more prevalent,  it said in a statement late on Tuesday.  Avoid areas where demonstrations are taking place and exercise caution when in the vicinity of any large gatherings, protests, or demonstrations.  It was not immediately clear what had caused the protests. Opposition outlets said the incidents were triggered after the government tried to close down an Islamic school in a predominantly Muslim district.  In some footage posted online, shots are heard being fired to disperse crowds. Via Twitter, Information Minister Yemane Ghebremeskel downplayed the protests, saying:  Small demonstration by one school in Asmara dispersed without any casualty.  Eritrea, which sits on the Red Sea coast next to one of the world s busiest shipping lanes, seceded from Ethiopia in 1991 after a three-decade war for independence.  Conflict broke out once again seven years later over a border spat with neighboring Ethiopia, and the UN has since accused the government in Asmara of committing crimes against humanity under the guise of national security.  A U.N. Commission of Inquiry report last year said that atrocities - including an indefinite military national service program that amounted to mass enslavement - had been committed since the country s independence and were ongoing. Eritrea denies the charges. ",1
15959,Netherlands to hold referendum on new surveillance law," AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The Netherlands will hold a referendum on legislation giving law enforcement authorities far-reaching surveillance powers, the Dutch Voting Commission said on Wednesday.  A range of activists, politicians and media groups want to overturn the  tapping law , which was passed by parliament in July and allows agencies to gather data covertly from large groups of people at once.  Dutch law obliges the government to hold a non-binding referendum if a petition with at least 300,000 signatures is submitted to the Voting Commission.  The agency said it had received more than 384,000 valid signatures and that the referendum would be held on March 21 together with municipal elections.  Opponents argue that innocent civilians will be dragged into the sights of intelligence agencies, while the government says the powers are needed to counter national security threats.  The referendum law is itself controversial and may be repealed by the newly appointed right-of-centre government under Prime Minister Mark Rutte.  After it was passed in 2015, a referendum was used to block the Dutch government from ratifying an economic treaty it and other European Union countries had negotiated with Ukraine.  A large  no  vote on the referendum embarrassed The Hague and forced Rutte to seek minor amendments to the treaty with the other EU states, eventually leading to the Dutch ratifying it.  It later emerged that the signatures to hold the Ukraine referendum were gathered via the internet and never vetted.  ",1
15960,"UK Labour activist says she was raped, advised not to report it","LONDON (Reuters) - An activist in Britain s opposition Labour Party has said she was raped at a party event when she was 19, and that a party official discouraged her from reporting the attack to avoid damaging her career. The disclosure by Bex Bailey, 25, is the most serious to emerge from a wave of allegations of sexual misconduct by powerful men that have swept through British politics in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein scandal. Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, who has ordered an investigation into the allegation, said Bailey was not given support from the party when she reported what had happened.  Bex Bailey has shown incredible bravery by talking publicly about what has happened to her and has my full support and solidarity,  he said in a statement on his Facebook page.  There will be no tolerance in the Labour Party for sexism, harassment or abuse. Whatever it takes, we are absolutely committed to rooting it out.  A party spokesman said:  We would strongly recommend that the police investigate the allegations of criminal actions that Bex Bailey has made.  Bailey told BBC radio on Tuesday that she was raped in 2011 by someone in the party who was senior to her. She said she had tried to pretend it hadn t happened and had not reported it to police at the time.  I was scared. I felt ashamed. I know that the Labour Party, like any family, loves a good gossip, and I didn t want people to know and I also was worried that I wouldn t be believed if I did,  she said. Two years later, she told a senior party staff member, and it was suggested to her that she should not report it as it might damage her if she did. She was given no advice on what she should do next.  That might be their genuine view, it might be that that was the case, in which case that shows that we have a serious problem in politics with this issue anyway,  said Bailey, a former member of Labour s National Executive Committee. She called for an independent agency such as a charity to deal with allegations rather than someone within the party  who is inclined to be loyal to the Labour Party . Prime Minister Theresa May has ordered investigations into two of her ministers after allegations were made against them. Her deputy Damian Green denies making an advance on a woman three decades his junior, while junior trade minister Mark Garnier has said he was being humorous when he asked his assistant to buy sex toys for him. ",1
15961,"Cargo ship with 10 crew sinks in Black Sea, coast guard reports","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A Turkish cargo ship with 10 crew on board sank in the Black Sea near the Asian side of Istanbul early on Wednesday morning, according to the coast guard. The cause was still unclear. The ship, Bilal Bal, was carrying cast iron from Turkey s northwestern province of Bursa to the northern province of Zonguldak, the Dogan news agency reported.  Unfortunately, one of our cargo ships sank in ... the Black Sea,  Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said. Search and rescue operations were continuing, he said. Three boats, one helicopter and one plane belonging to the coast guard were conducting search and rescue operations, according the coast guard. Empty lifeboats had been found as well as some life jackets, the coast guard said. Five boats more were deployed to aid in the operations, as well as a remotely operated underwater vehicle from the Turkish naval forces, it said. ",1
15962,Russia won't hand over suspect in Montenegro coup attempt: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia will not hand over to Montenegro the person wanted by the Balkan nation as a suspect in a coup attempt, the RIA news agency cited the Russian prosecutor general s office as saying on Wednesday. Montenegro says a group of Serb and Russian nationalists had a plan to attack state institutions on the day of an election last year and kill then-Prime Minister Milo Djukanovic, who held the post for a total of 21 years. The Kremlin has dismissed the accusation as absurd. The Russian prosecutor-general s office said it had refused to hand over to Montenegro the person, who it identified as Ananie Nikic, because he had earlier been given refugee status by Moscow. ",1
15963,Philippines arrests Indonesian pro-Islamist militant in Marawi,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine security forces on Wednesday arrested an Indonesian national suspected to be among the pro-Islamist militants who seized control of parts of the southern city of Marawi in May, military and police officials said. The seizure stoked concerns that the region had become a hub for Islamic State in Southeast Asia, triggering a five-month military effort to eject the militants, comprised of domestic fighters and foreigners such as Indonesians, Malaysians and Middle Easterners.  Community peacekeepers arrested the Indonesian on Wednesday morning, Colonel Romeo Brawner, deputy commander of the Marawi task force, told reporters. The arrest highlights that  civilian participation is essential in our collective effort to secure our communities from terrorist elements,  Zia Alonto Adiong, a politician who is assisting in rescue and relief, said in a statement. The arrest came a day after a pro-Islamic State militant was gunned down and nine days after the Philippines wrapped up military operations. More than 1,100 people, mostly militants, died in the siege, which drove about 350,000 from their homes. The militant identified himself as Muhammad Ilham Shaputra, 23, from Medan City in North Sumatra, said John Guyguyon, police chief of the province of Lanao del Sur, where Marawi is located. His bag held a mobile phone, a .45-caliber handgun, a fragmentation grenade and Philippine and Indonesian currencies, along with some riyals, while he tried to escape through a lake, Guyguyon added.  Our action is to file a case against him because he is part of the initial siege,  Guyguyon told a news conference.  We are preparing the investigation report so we can file cases of rebellion, terrorism and others,  Guyguyon said, adding that the Indonesian confessed there were several gunmen still  hiding in the main battle area in downtown Marawi. The Indonesian militant arrived in the Philippines in November last year at the invitation of Isnilon Hapilon, the Islamic State s emir in Southeast Asia, who was killed in Marawi last month, Guyguyon said. Thousands of residents have started returning home, only for some to find dwellings ransacked. But the main battle area remains off limits, until possible booby traps and unexploded ordnance have been cleared.     ",1
15964,"Southeast Congo faces 'deadly disaster', half a million people displaced: NGO","ABIDJAN (Reuters) - More than half a million people have fled ethnic violence in southeastern Democratic Republic of Congo since last year, the Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) said on Wednesday, warning that the area is  on the brink of a deadly disaster .  Four years of clashes between militias representing the Luba, a Bantu ethnic group, and Twa pygmies in Tanganyika province have killed hundreds of people and forced thousands to flee into neighboring Zambia. The conflict, which appears to have intensified in recent months, is part of a worsening humanitarian crisis in Congo. Militia violence has spiked this year, fueled in part by President Joseph Kabila s refusal to step down when his constitutional mandate expired last December.   Tanganyika is on the brink of a deadly disaster,  said Ulrika Blom, NRC s Congo country director, in a statement.  It s a catastrophic cocktail about to blow up.   The United Nations declared Congo a level three humanitarian emergency last month - the highest possible classification and on par with Iraq, Syria and Yemen. Nearly 4 million Congolese are internally displaced.  NRC, an independent aid agency, said that over 80 percent of the people sheltering in displacement sites it visited over the last two weeks in Tanganyika do not have access to clean drinking water.  The conflict in Tanganyika is driven by inequalities between Bantu villagers and the Twa, a hunting and gathering people historically excluded from access to land and basic services. Some 600,000 children are also on the brink of starvation in central Congo s Kasai region, where a local insurrection has killed up to 5,000 people since August of last year, the World Food Programme s executive director said on Monday. Millions died during regional conflicts in eastern Congo between 1996-2003, most from hunger and disease.  ",1
15965,Kuwait's ruler reappoints PM: state news agency,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Kuwait s ruler reappointed his prime minister on Wednesday and asked him to form a cabinet, the official state news agency said on Wednesday, after the government stepped down earlier this week in an expected cabinet reshuffle. The major oil producer has the oldest legislature among the Gulf Arab states and experiences frequent cabinet resignations amid tensions between the government and lawmakers. Prime Minister Sheikh Jaber Mubarak al-Sabah had tendered his resignation on Monday. Pan-Arab television channel Al Arabiya had earlier reported the news.  ",1
15966,Russia's Medvedev says the world shouldn't be dominated by one currency,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Russia and China were considering linking their national payment system, Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on Wednesday, as he called for a more balanced global finance structure. Noting the rise of China s Unionpay system and Beijing s efforts to internationalize its currency, the yuan, Medvedev told a press conference in Beijing that Russia was developing its own payment system, known as Karta Mir.  At the present moment it is being discussed whether Karta Mir should be linked to Chinese payment systems,  he said, while standing alongside Chinese Premier Li Keqiang. That would have  good prospects  and  avoid those problems that sometimes arise when you use American payment systems , Medvedev said, mentioning Visa and Mastercard without elaborating. Russia started to create the Karta Mir system after Western sanctions were imposed on the country in 2014, during the Ukraine crisis. The system is now widely accepted in Russia. After new U.S. sanctions were imposed, Moscow promised to intensify work to cut dependence on Western payment systems further. Among other things, it wants to create more domestic financial services such as its own ratings agency.  I think that the more financial instruments there are in the modern world, the more stable the global financial system will be,  Medvedev said. Visa and MasterCard stopped providing services to clients of one Russian bank after Washington imposed sanctions over Moscow s annexation of Crimea from Ukraine and support of pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine. Around 14 million Mir cards, which translates as  World  or  Peace , have been issued in Russia, according to the Russian National System of Payment Cards (NSPK), or about 10 percent of the country s population.  NSPK was established in 2014 and is 100 percent owned by the central bank. More than 380 banks working in Russia accept the cards, which are issued by 120 banks. Practically all trade and service points, including cafes, shops, restaurants and petrol stations, accept them.  Mir cards are also welcome in sanctions-hit Crimea where Western banks are banned from operating. ",1
15967,Rare protest in junta-ruled Thailand after mourning chaos,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Authorities in Thailand s southeastern Chonburi province braced for more demonstrations on Wednesday after hundreds of furious residents gathered a day earlier in a rare protest to complain about bureaucratic incompetence. Residents complained about long lines that lasted more than 12 hours and general disorganization surrounding activities to mark the funeral of late King Bhumibol Adulyadej who was cremated in Bangkok last week in a $90 million funeral. The protest defied a junta ban on gatherings of more than five people that has been in place since a May 2014 coup. It is also rare because anything remotely related to the monarchy is a sensitive topic in Thailand - the royals are protected by a draconian lese-majeste law, which criminalize all perceived insults toward the monarchy. The Chonburi protests, however, were directed at the local authorities and not at the palace. Protesters in the sea-side province shouted  Get out!  on Tuesday as they demanded that provincial governor Pakarathon Tienchai step down over what they said was poor organization of ceremonies to mark the funeral.  Many wore yellow, the king s color. There have been similar calls for the governor of Nonthaburi province, north of Bangkok, to step down. Some in Nonthaburi reported waiting for up to eight hours to lay flowers for the late king. Chonburi Governor Pakarathon spoke to the crowd on Tuesday and denied his staff had mismanaged the event. Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha on Tuesday urged Thais to forgive those involved in the funeral organization and overlook any problems that arose.  The number of people who took part in the funeral caused a few problems,  he said. Hundreds of thousands of people turned out to see King Bhumibol s funeral in Bangkok last week.  The late king, who ruled for more than seven decades, was seen as a father-figure. For those unable to make the trip to Bangkok, 85 miniature replicas of the cremation pyre were arranged across Thailand. Hundreds of other areas were designated as places for mourners to lay flowers.  I waited 13 hours!  shouted one Chonburi protestor on Tuesday. Similar stories have emerged around the country as netizens took to social media to vent their anger. Some said the mismanagement exposed Thailand s jarring class divide. Chonburi protesters said they were unhappy with the funeral s $90 million budget. The late king frequently spoke about self-sufficiency and was portrayed as a frugal man despite his own enormous wealth. Others still argued that government officials were given preferential treatment when laying flowers.  Officials went first before the public,  Tanarit Kumwivat, form the northern province of Chiang Mai, said in a Facebook post. The Chonburi protest comes at the end of an epoch. King Bhumibol, who was also known as  the people s king , was a rare figure of unity in the politically divided nation and his death has left some Thais anxious about the future. ",1
15968,Turkey says unacceptable to invite Syrian Kurdish YPG to Astana talks: Erdogan spokesman,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey cannot accept the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia being invited to Syria talks in the Kazakh capital of Astana, a spokesman for President Tayyip Erdogan said on Wednesday. A senior Kurdish official said on Tuesday Russia had invited the Kurdish-led authorities in northern Syria to a proposed congress of Syria s rival parties in November, as Moscow seeks to launch a new initiative to end the Syrian conflict. Presidential spokesman Ibrahim Kalin said Turkish and Russian officials had discussed the issue and that he had held meetings of his own to  solve the problem on the spot.  ",1
15969,Syrian opposition SNC wont participate in Russia-sponsored congress: spokesman,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian National Coalition, a group fighting the Syrian government, said on Wednesday it opposed a Russian-sponsored congress of Syrian groups, calling it an attempt to circumvent U.N.-backed Geneva peace talks that aim for a political transition for the war-torn country.   The Coalition will not participate in any negotiations with the regime outside Geneva or without U.N. sponsorship,  SNC spokesman Ahmad Ramadan told Reuters.  Russia s call for a conference for Syrians in Sochi is an attempt to circumvent Geneva and the international desire for a political transition in Syria in accordance with U.N. security council resolutions,  the Turkey-based SNC said.  ",1
15970,Libyan coast guard intercepts nearly 300 migrants east of Tripoli,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libya s coastguard intercepted 299 migrants from sub-Saharan African countries on two rubber boats east of Tripoli on Tuesday, officials said. The migrants were intercepted near the town of Zliten by one of several coastguard vessels that Italy repaired and delivered to Libya earlier this year. Libya s western shoreline is the main departure point for migrants trying to reach Europe by boat, many of them fleeing conflict or poverty. Crossings have dropped sharply since July, when an armed group in the smuggling hub of Sabratha began blocking departures. Under pressure from Italy and other European states, Libya s coastguard has also become increasingly active, patrolling more widely and intercepting migrants before they can reach international rescue vessels. As of Oct. 24, more than 18,800 migrants had been intercepted so far this year, according to the International Organisation for Migration. More than 111,000 had crossed to Italy, the vast majority from Libya.  The group picked up on Tuesday was brought back to Tripoli port and was being transferred to a detention center in Tajoura, a suburb of the capital. It included about 15 children and 25 women, said coastguard official Ali al-Shebrak.  A reporter saw one newborn child crying from hunger as his mother, barely able to walk, was given medical treatment from an ambulance. (Refiles to correct day of week from Thursday to Tuesday) ",1
15971,British PM May's deputy denies inappropriate sexual advance,"LONDON (Reuters) - Damian Green, number two in the British government, has denied an allegation that he made an inappropriate sexual advance on a young woman as discussion about an unhealthy culture of abuse by powerful men in British politics continues to swirl. Green, Prime Minister Theresa May s deputy, said it was not true that he had touched the woman s knee and told her that his  wife was very understanding  during a meeting in a pub in which the pair discussed her career aspirations and gossiped about sexual affairs in parliament. As the shockwaves from the Harvey Weinstein sexual harassment scandal reverberate around the world, the Westminster parliament is among institutions now facing allegations of improper behavior by men in powerful positions. The allegation against Green came from Kate Maltby, an academic and critic three decades younger than him. She first met him as an acquaintance of her parents, and both are involved in a liberal Conservative group called Bright Blue.  He offered me career advice and in the same breath made it clear he was sexually interested,  Maltby wrote in an article in the Times newspaper describing the meeting in the pub in early 2015.  It was not acceptable to me at the time and it should not be acceptable behavior in Westminster in the future,  she said. A spokesman for May s Downing Street office said Green strongly denied the allegation made against him.  The prime minister has referred the matter to the cabinet secretary to establish the facts and report back as soon as possible,  the spokesman said. Maltby wrote that she had no contact with Green for a year after the meeting in the pub because she  wanted nothing to do with him . A year later, Maltby wrote an article for the Times about the history of corsets, which was published with a picture of her wearing one. After the article appeared, she received a text message from Green that said:  Long time no see. But having admired you in a corset in my favorite tabloid I feel impelled to ask if you are free for a drink anytime?  The Times quoted Green as saying:  It is absolutely and completely untrue that I ve ever made any sexual advance on Ms Maltby.  He said the allegation of the advance in the pub was deeply hurtful from someone he considered a personal friend, and that the text he sent her referring to the corset picture was sent in the spirit of friends agreeing to meet for a regular catch-up.     ",1
15972,"Detained journalists informed Myanmar of filming plans, Turkish broadcaster says","YANGON (Reuters) - Turkey s state broadcaster said a team of journalists filming a documentary in Myanmar had told the government of their plans before they were detained for attempting to fly a drone near the country s parliament. The journalists, Lau Hon Meng from Singapore and Mok Choy Lin from Malaysia, have been held since Friday in the capital Naypyitaw, along with their Myanmar interpreter Aung Naing Soe and driver Hla Tin. Police have said they are investigating the four for bringing the drone into Myanmar in violation of an import-export rule that carries a penalty of up to three years in jail. The two foreign nationals had obtained official journalist visas before they entered Myanmar on Oct. 21, TRT World, the English-language subsidiary of the Turkish Radio and Television Corporation, said in a statement late on Tuesday.      They shot in various locations with conventional cameras as well as with a drone, up until October 27,  the broadcaster said.  The Myanmar Information Ministry was previously informed about all filming activities and the filming schedule.  The broadcaster did not say if the reporters had specifically sought permission to operate a drone near the parliament building. They had interviewed a lawmaker and were about to film the parliament with a drone when they were detained, it said. Myint Kyaw, an information ministry official in charge of journalist visas, told Reuters that TRT World had only made a broad request to the ministry to film in Yangon and the troubled western state of Rakhine.  The letter they sent was not their schedule. They didn t even mention in their letter about visiting Naypyitaw,  he said, adding that the letter did not mention a drone. Last week s arrests came amid tension between Turkey and Myanmar over treatment of the Muslim Rohingya minority in Rakhine. In early September, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said security operations targeting the Rohingya constituted  genocide , a charge Myanmar denies. More than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled majority-Buddhist Myanmar for neighboring Bangladesh since security forces launched a counter-insurgency operation in response to Rohingya militants  attacks on Aug. 25. The families of the two Myanmar nationals and a lawyer hired on their behalf have not been allowed to visit them, family members and police said. On Friday about 25 police raided the Yangon house of their interpreter Aung Naing Soe, a freelance reporter, seizing his computer memory sticks and searching documents. The New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) has called for the immediate and unconditional release of all four.   These arrests and the raid of Aung Naing Soe s home speak to the continuing deterioration of conditions for the press in Myanmar,  Shawn Crispin, CPJ s senior Southeast Asia representative, said in a statement on Monday. ",1
15973,Turkish activist charged with trying to overthrow government: media,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Prominent Turkish rights activist and businessman Osman Kavala has been jailed pending trial, charged with seeking to overthrow the government, state-run Anadolu news agency reported on Wednesday. An Istanbul court remanded Kavala in custody as part of an investigation into the movement of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, which Ankara accuses of carrying out an attempted coup in July last year, the agency said. It said Kavala was charged with  attempting to overthrow the constitutional order  and  attempting to overthrow the government of the Republic of Turkey . Kavala, whose Anadolu Kultur organization is involved in promoting culture and rights, was detained nearly two weeks ago at Istanbul s Ataturk Airport, prompting expressions of concern from Europe and the United States.  Since the failed putsch on July 15, 2016, more than 50,000 people have been jailed as they face trial and some 150,000 sacked or suspended from jobs in the civil service and private sector. The U.S. State Department described Kavala s initial detention as an example of a  very alarming trend  of detention of civil society leaders, journalists, academics and activists in Turkey. The Turkish government says the measures are necessary due to the gravity of the threats it faces. Gulen has denied involvement in last year s attempted coup. ",1
15974,Australian citizenship crisis claims another lawmaker,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - A citizenship crisis that robbed Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull of his one-seat majority will claim another politician, with the Senate president on Wednesday saying he will resign after confirming he was a dual national. Stephen Parry, the leader of the upper house and a member of Turnbull s Liberal party, said he will submit his resignation on Thursday after he being told that along with his Australian citizenship he also held British citizenship by descent. Parry s father was born in Britain before moving to Australia as a boy in 1951, which automatically gave Parry citizenship by descent. Under the constitution a politician must only hold Australian citizenship to be eligible to be elected to the national parliament.  I wish my successor all the best and trust that she or he will continue the reforms that I have commenced,  Parry said in a statement. Parry s resignation follows last week s High Court ruling that the deputy prime minister, Barnaby Joyce, was ineligible to sit in parliament as he held dual Australia-New Zealand citizenship when elected. The ruling meant the government lost its one-seat majority in the lower house and must now rely on independents for its political survival. Joyce has since relinquished his New Zealand citizenship and will re-contest his seat at a Dec. 2 by-election. Joyce was one of a group of lawmakers, known as the  Citizenship Seven , whose eligibility to sit in parliament was thrown into doubt in recent months when it was found they were dual citizens. The High Court last Friday also ruled four other politicians ineligible to sit in parliament due to dual citizenships. Turnbull does not control the Senate, and Parry s departure will not change the dynamics of the upper house where seats are assigned to party alternatives when an incumbent resigns. Turnbull has flagged potential changes to the constitution, noting that more than half of Australia s population of 24 million was either born overseas or has a parent who was born overseas. A national referendum would be needed to change the constitution. ",1
15975,"Asylum seekers refuse to leave Papua New Guinea camp despite loss of power, water","SYDNEY (Reuters) - Hundreds of asylum seekers refused to leave a detention center in Papua New Guinea on Wednesday, even after power and water  were cut and food supplies dwindled, in a stand-off that human rights groups warn could become a humanitarian crisis. Australia and PNG are trying to close the Manus Island center, one of two remote Pacific camps that Canberra uses to detain asylum seekers who arrive by boat. The camps have drawn widespread international condemnation.  The remote Manus island center has been a key part of Australia s disputed  Sovereign Borders  immigration policy under which it refuses to allow asylum seekers arriving by boat to reach its shores, detaining them instead in PNG and Nauru in the South Pacific. Around 600 detainees on Manus island are defying the attempts to close the camp, saying they fear violent reprisals from the local community. The men refused to board a bus to a transit center on the island on Wednesday, three of the asylum-seekers told Reuters, frustrating Australia s plans to dismantle part of its costly offshore detention program.  They took generators this morning and they cut the main pipes, there is no power in the whole center and no water,  Sudanese refugee Abdul Aziz told Reuters.  People are extremely anxious.  The asylum seekers, warned that utilities would be cut, had begun to collect rainwater in bins. However, without running water, advocates fear a rapid decline in sanitary conditions of the camp. The loss of power also threatens to dampen morale of the detainees, nearly all of whom are suffering from mental health issues, according to a United Nations report in 2015.  Mobile phones are a lifeline for these men,  said Elaine Pearson, director of Human Rights Watch in Australia.  They are completed isolated and they need phones to get real-time information about what is happening elsewhere on Manus, as well as to stay in touch with their families.  The detainees were sharing what food remained but some of the men Reuters spoke to by phone said supplies were running low. They had been given enough meals to last only until the camp s official closure on Tuesday. Acting Australian Prime Minister Julie Bishop said the men should move to the new centers, which Australia has said it would support with A$250 million ($195 million) worth of food and security for the next 12 months.  The relocation of the men is designed as a temporary measure, allowing the United States time to complete vetting of refugees as part of a refugee swap deal that Australia hopes will see it no longer responsible for the detention of nearly 1,400 asylum seekers who have been classified as refugees. Those not accepted by the United States would likely be resettled in PNG or in another developing country, dashing hopes of coming to Australia. Vehement opposition among Manus residents to the asylum seekers has raised fears within the camp of potential violence, stoked further by the departure of Australian-employed private security guards on Tuesday.  We did not sleep, about 30 guys at one time would keep watch for potential attacks,  said an asylum seeker who asked to be identified only as Imran, due to fears his application for U.S. resettlement could be jeopardized. Lawyers for some of the 600 men filed a last-minute suit in PNG s Supreme Court on Tuesday to prevent the camp s closure and for services to be returned. A ruling is expected later on Wednesday. PNG s High Court ruled last year that the Manus center, first opened in 2001, was illegal. The United Nations and rights groups have for years cited human rights abuses among detainees in the centers. ",1
15976,South Korea's Moon says cannot recognize North Korea as nuclear state,"SEOUL/BEIJING (Reuters) - South Korea will never tolerate North Korea as a nuclear state, nor will Seoul have nuclear weapons, President Moon Jae-in said on Wednesday, as China pledged to work on denuclearization after setting aside a dispute with Seoul over an anti-missile system. The North Korea nuclear crisis will take center stage when U.S. President Donald Trump begins a trip to Asia at the end of the week and diplomacy has being ramping up ahead of that visit. A series of weapons tests by Pyongyang and a string of increasingly bellicose exchanges between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un in recent months has raised fears about an armed conflict. Speaking to parliament, Moon said there can be no military action on the Korean peninsula without the South s consent, adding the government will continue working for peace on the peninsula.  According to the joint denuclearization declaration made by North and South Korea, we cannot tolerate or recognize North Korea as a nuclear state. We too, will not develop nuclear (weapons) or own them,  he said.  Our government was launched in the most serious of times in terms of security. The government is making efforts to stably manage the situation it faces as well as to bring about peace on the Korean peninsula.  China s foreign ministry said Beijing and Seoul will continue to use diplomatic means to address the Korean peninsula issue, after a meeting in Beijing between Lee Do-hoon, South Korea s representatives of stalled six-party nuclear talks, and his Chinese counterpart, Kong Xuanyou.  Moon s remarks and China s statement came a day after China and South Korea agreed to normalize relations to end a year-long standoff over the deployment of the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system.   The installation of THAAD had angered China, which feared its powerful radar could see deep into China. South Korea s tourism, cosmetics and entertainment industries bore the brunt of a Chinese backlash, although Beijing has never specifically linked that to the THAAD deployment. North Korea s state media had no comment on the shift in ties between South Korea and China as of midday on Wednesday. It has not engaged in missile tests since mid-September or any nuclear tests since its biggest one early that month.     A senior Blue House official had said warmer bilateral ties had seemed to come about from better trust in Seoul by Beijing, which has expressed concerns regarding possible additional deployments of a U.S. anti-missile defense system and military cooperation among South Korea, the United States and Japan.  Earlier this week, South Korea s Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-hwa had said South Korea has no intention to join a U.S. missile-defense system in the region and would not host additional THAAD batteries. South Korea would not enter any trilateral military alliance with the United States and Japan, Kang added.  The United States is deciding whether three aircraft carriers currently in the Asia Pacific will carry out an exercise to coincide with Trump s trip to the region, two U.S. officials said. Japan s navy is considering sending one or more ships to the exercise if it is held, a Japanese government source said. Trump s trip includes Tokyo, Seoul and Beijing but he will not go to the heavily fortified demilitarized zone (DMZ) on the border of North Korea and South Korea, a senior White House official said. China s top newspaper, the Communist Party s official People s Daily, wrote in a commentary on Wednesday that China expected South Korea to take seriously its responsibility to protect regional peace now that they had set relations back on the correct track.  The appropriate handling of the THAAD issue by China and South Korea can provide an opportunity for both countries to increase cooperation and communication on the peninsula issue,  it said. But influential state-run tabloid the Global Times warned  there would not be an immediate improvement in cultural and business ties, with South Korean firms having to make an effort to win back Chinese customers.  Whether or not Chinese consumers buy South Korean products is not totally up the Chinese government,  it said in an editorial. The rapprochement meant both countries were able to walk away with gains, said John Delury, professor at Seoul s Yonsei University.  It is arguably Moon s first foreign policy breakthrough, giving South Korea s economy a boost and enhancing his geopolitical leverage by strengthening the relationship with China,  said Delury.  But Xi can also claim a victory - he made his point that Seoul needs to factor China s interests more seriously into its security posture, at least when it comes to things like missile defense that can alter the regional balance of power.  ",1
15977,Tribal blockade in Peru's oil block lifted after government deal,"LIMA (Reuters) - Indigenous villagers ended a 43-day protest that had halted production in Peru s largest oil block after signing a deal with the government, tribal leaders and officials said on Tuesday. As part of the agreement, the government of President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski promised to apply an indigenous rights law before awarding any new, long-term oil drilling contract for Block 192   a chief demand of protesters, the energy and mines ministry said in a statement. Canadian Frontera Energy Corp operates Block 192 under a two-year contract but has not produced any oil from it since Achuar, Quechua and Kichwa indigenous tribes seized oil wells on Sept. 18. Protesters wanted the government to clean up oil pollution in the region and to commit to including tribes in talks on long-term oil drilling plans. The blockade was one of scores of conflicts that sometimes disrupt mining and energy operations in Peru, the world s second biggest copper producer and a relatively small oil producer. Talks between the government and Frontera over a long-term drilling contract ended with no deal, state-owned oil company Petroperu announced earlier this month. Aurelio Chino, a chieftain in the Pastaza River Basin, told Reuters that protesters were no longer occupying company installations. A statement by the leaders of 16 villages that took part in the protests said the protest would end. The government also promised villagers that it would start implementation of an emergency healthcare program in the next 10 days and would form a commission to direct environmental clean-ups in Block 192, the ministry said. Frontera will be summoned to take part in dialogue sessions with villagers to discuss their needs, it added. Frontera has said that the protest did not have a not a material impact for the company. ",1
15978,EU MPs threaten Cambodia aid and trade over crackdown,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - A European Parliament delegation warned on Tuesday that Cambodia could face EU action over aid and vital trade preferences if the human rights situation worsened further. The delegation s statement was the strongest threat of action from representatives of any Western donors since the arrest of opposition leader Kem Sokha in September and steps by Prime Minister Hun Sen s government to dissolve his Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP). The ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) Delegation of the European Parliament called for the release of Kem Sokha and an end to the process of dissolving his party.          The government of Cambodia should be aware that the European Parliament is a co-legislator for budgetary and trade issues,  said the delegation s chairman, Werner Langen, a member of German Chancellor Angela Merkel s Christian Democrats party.  A serious deterioration of the human rights situation might have implications for development assistance programs and trade preferences,  he said after a two-day visit. Huy Vannak, undersecretary of state at Cambodia s Interior Ministry, said the European Parliament should keep trade and politics separate.  Some members of the European Parliament should distinguish between political agenda and trade for the interests of the people. We need to create many choices rather than make the interests of the people a hostage of a political agenda,  Huy Vannak told Reuters.  Without economic prosperity, democracy will just be an illusion,  he said. European Union countries accounted for around 40 percent of Cambodia s exports in 2016. Its exports, mostly of clothing, get fully duty free access under a scheme to help the world s poorest countries. Western diplomats say in private it would be difficult to secure EU agreement for limiting trade preferences because of the harm it could do to some 700,000 low-wage garment workers employed in Cambodian factories. The European Union and its member states also gave Cambodia nearly $170 million in development aid last year, according to Cambodian government figures. That was still well short of the $265 million it got from China, which is now by far the biggest donor and investor and voiced support for Hun Sen s government after the arrest of Kem Sokha. The government has intensified a crackdown against political opponents, independent media and human rights groups in recent months ahead of an election next July in which Hun Sen s rule of more than 32 years will be at stake. Cambodia s Supreme Court rejected an appeal to free Kem Sokha on Tuesday, saying his release could be a public risk as the threat of dissolution looms over his party. Lawyers for Kem Sokha had asked the Supreme Court to rule that his detention was illegal and said he should be granted parliamentary immunity from prosecution. The Supreme Court is due to rule on Nov. 16 whether to dissolve the CNRP after the government last month filed a lawsuit asking to dissolve it on grounds it was involved in a plot to topple the government. Kem Sokha was not brought to the court hearing on Tuesday.  The hearing seems fake,  Hem Socheat, a lawyer for Kem Sokha, told the court. Hun Sen has said his rival was getting help from the United States. The U.S. Embassy in Phnom Penh has rejected any suggestion of interference in politics. ",1
15979,China says will work with South Korea towards denuclearization on Korean peninsula,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China and South Korea will work towards denuclearization on the Korean peninsula, the Chinese foreign ministry said in a statement on Wednesday.  China and South Korea will continue to use diplomatic means to address the Korean peninsula issue, according to the statement. The statement came following a meeting in Beijing on Tuesday between Lee Do-hoon, South Korea s representative for six-party nuclear talks, and his Chinese counterpart, Kong Xuanyou. ",1
15980,Spain's High Court calls Puigdemont to testify on Thursday,MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s High Court on Tuesday called former Catalan president Carles Puigdemont and 13 members of his sacked administration to testify on Thursday at 9 a.m. (0800 GMT). The court also said it had started processing rebellion and sedition charges against Puigdemont and the other Catalan leaders. ,1
15981,'Like any EU citizen': Belgium's Catalan asylum fix,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgium has given a cool welcome to Catalonia s ousted leader and may not offer the safe haven from Spanish justice that it once extended as it grapples with separatist troubles of its own. Carles Puigdemont was not invited by the Belgian government, Prime Minister Charles Michel said in a curt statement, a day after he arrived unannounced following his dismissal by Madrid on charges of rebellion over Catalonia s independence bid.  He will be treated like any other European citizen,  Michel said, noting Puigdemont was entitled to move freely within the EU.  He has the same rights and duties ... no more, no less.  Deputy premier Kris Peeters was even brusquer, saying:  When you declare independence, it s better to stay with your people.  Puigdemont himself told a news conference in Brussels that he was there to engage with the European Union   which has shunned his pleas   and not to exploit Belgium s reputation as a place of political asylum for citizens of other EU states.  Nonetheless, he traveled to a small town in western Flanders on Monday to hire a human rights lawyer with a successful track record of fighting extradition to Spain on behalf of Basque separatist sympathizers. The lawyer, Paul Bekaert warned, however, that EU rules have made it harder. He told Reuters that the European Arrest Warrant system had removed exceptions previously made for extraditions to face  political  charges like sedition in other EU states. Politics, too, may play a part. Eighteen months before the next Belgian federal election, there have already been tensions over Catalonia within the coalition, where Flemish nationalists sympathetic to the Catalans are a major force and Michel, a French-speaking liberal, has lately tried to mollify Madrid. On Tuesday, Spain s High Court called Puigdemont and 13 members of his sacked administration to testify on Thursday. It also said it had started processing rebellion and sedition charges against Puigdemont and other Catalan leaders. Bekaert said Puigdemont, who faces up to 30 years in jail if Spanish prosecutors follow through on plans to charge him with sedition and misuse of public funds, saw no hurry to file for asylum, a simple procedure that would halt any extradition. However, asylum requests from EU citizens are rarely accepted nowadays and are often rejected within days.  As an EU citizen, Puigdemont has to demonstrate that there is a clear risk of prosecution against him, that the sentence he could face could be disproportionate, that he doesn t have a fair trial in Spain,  said Dirk Vanheule, a law professor at Antwerp University and president of Belgium s Refugee Council.  If he fails to demonstrate that from the beginning, the asylum proceeding can be terminated within five days.  Koen Lemmens, a human rights lawyer and professor at Leuven University, said the Belgian asylum agency would not take into account potential diplomatic embarrassment. But it would be up to Puigdemont to prove he would not get a fair trial. The Belgian government looks unwilling to back him up. Michel annoyed Spain by speaking out against police violence as people voted in the Oct. 1 independence referendum. But he also slapped down his Flemish nationalist immigration minister for suggesting at the weekend that Belgium might grant asylum. That did not stop the French-speaking Socialist opposition from accusing Michel of damaging Belgium s credibility abroad. The issue may not fade quickly. Any EU citizen can stay for up to three months without permission. And despite support for Madrid from the Belgian government, judges refused in 1996 and again, under new EU rules, in 2004 to extradite Luis Moreno and Raquel Garcia, whom it accused of aiding Basque militants. The N-VA has soft-pedaled demands for splitting the richer, Dutch-speaking half of Belgium off but with elections looming it must be wary of the small, anti-immigration Vlaams Belang, whose leader attended Puigdemont s Brussels news conference. VB leader Tom Van Grieken called on N-VA ministers to break with Michel s refusal to recognize Catalan independence. Mark Demesmaeker, an N-VA member of the European Parliament, told Reuters he met Puigdemont in Barcelona a month ago and said he did have a case for asylum as the EU  looks the other way .  The fact he is coming here already says plenty enough about the situation in Spain and Catalonia,  Demesmaeker told Reuters.  He has no faith in the Spanish judiciary.  ",1
15982,No chateau: Catalan leader's modest Belgian exile,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - At 70 euros ($82) a night, with the rumble of the Brussels metro thrown in, Carles Puigdemont is hardly living the high life of a political fugitive charged with abusing public funds. The Catalan leader, ousted by Madrid and facing charges of rebellion and sedition as well as wasting money on a referendum on independence, has been staying since his arrival in Belgium on Monday at the 3-star Chambord Hotel, staff said. And while it may be named after the grandest French chateau on the Loire, once home to the 18th-century deposed King of Poland, it offers rather more modest accommodation for today s exile behind an elegant 1920s Art Deco facade. It does, however, offer a rapid getaway into the adjacent underground station. Puigdemont told a news conference on Tuesday that he had not come for the Belgian asylum which at least one Flemish nationalist government minister has said might be offered, but to lobby the European Union institutions. He forswore, however, staying in the European Quarter itself, and its upscale hotels which regularly house EU heads of state during summit meetings. His plans remain unclear and he has had only the coolest of welcomes from the EU and the Belgian government. With prosecutors summoning him to testify before Spain s High Court on Thursday, Puigdemont may face demands from Madrid for his arrest if he fails to heed the summons. As television camera crews set up outside in the hope of catching Europe s most wanted politician step out for dinner, no Belgian police were visible at the hotel on Tuesday evening. ",1
15983,Factbox: Catalonia crisis - What's next?,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalonia s ousted leader Carles Puigdemont agreed on Tuesday to a snap election called by Spain s central government when it took control of the region to stop it breaking away, but he said the fight for independence would go on. Below are several scenarios of what could happen in the next few days. Puigdemont and his sacked cabinet have been ordered to testify before the Spanish High Court on Thursday and Friday after charges of rebellion, sedition and breach of trust were filed against them. Under Spain s legal system, a judge will then decide whether Puigdemont should go to jail pending a investigation that can sometimes take up to several years - and a potential trial. Puigdemont traveled to Brussels after the Catalan regional parliament issued a unilateral declaration of independence on Friday, and it was not immediately clear whether he would heed the call to appear before the court. He had said earlier on Tuesday he would return to Spain only when given unspecified  guarantees  by the Spanish government.  The same charges have been drawn up against the Catalan parliament s speaker, Carme Forcadell, and other senior lawmakers but, given they have parliamentary immunity, they will testify before the Supreme Court, which is in charge of handling cases relating to lawmakers or members of the government. Prosecutors have asked the courts to order Catalan secessionist leaders to deposit 6.2 million euros to cover potential liabilities but they have not sought preventive jail against them. This could change however if Puigdemont and his associates did not show up at the High Court as the judge could deem them to be a flight risk and jail them. It is not clear whether a snap regional election will resolve the crisis. Two recent opinion polls showed support for independence may have started to wane.  But an official regional survey published on Tuesday showed some 48.7 percent of Catalans believe the region should be independent, up from 41.1 pct in June and the highest since December 2014.  Based on 1,338 interviews, the Centre d Estudis d Opinio poll was the first survey released since the independence declaration though the bulk of it was taken before then, between Oct. 16 and Oct. 29. Other opinion polls have also shown Catalonia is almost evenly split between pro- and anti-independence supporters. One key thing to watch will be if pro-independence parties run on a joint ticket or on separate platforms. If they ran separately, they could find it more difficult to reach a parliamentary majority. They must say whether they intend to run together before Nov. 7 and then put forward their candidates by Nov. 18. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy sacked Catalonia s government including Puigdemont and his deputy Oriol Junqueras and assumed direct control over the region. Central government ministries assumed the powers of the Catalan administration until a regional election takes place on Dec. 21. That unprecedented step was implemented smoothly and calls for civil disobedience were widely disregarded. ",1
15984,"Ousted Catalan leader agrees to election, summoned to Madrid court","BRUSSELS/MADRID (Reuters) - Catalonia s ousted leader Carles Puigdemont agreed on Tuesday to a snap election called by Spain s central government when it took control of the region to stop it breaking away, but he said  the fight for independence would go on. Spain s High Court issued a summons for Puigdemont and 13 members of his sacked administration to testify in Madrid on Thursday and Friday as the court starts processing charges of rebellion, sedition and breach of trust against them. Under Spain s legal system, a judge will then decide whether Puigdemont should go to jail pending a comprehensive investigation and potential trial. Puigdemont travelled to Brussels after the Catalan regional parliament issued a unilateral declaration of independence on Friday, and it was not immediately clear if he would heed the summons to appear before the Madrid court.  Belgium s crisis centre said it was evaluating whether Puigdemont needed to be protected by Belgian authorities while he was staying in the country, Belga news agency reported. He had said earlier on Tuesday he would return to Spain only when given unspecified  guarantees  by the Spanish government.  Puigdemont s announcement that he would accept the regional election on Dec. 21 signalled the Madrid government had for now at least gained the upper hand in the protracted struggle over Catalonia, a wealthy northeastern region that already had enjoyed considerable autonomy. Resistance to the central government s imposition of direct control on Catalonia failed to materialise at the start of the week and the secessionist leadership is in disarray. But a poll released on Tuesday showed that support for the creation of an independent state of Catalonia rose to an almost three-year high in October. Spain s Constitutional Court on Tuesday blocked the independence declaration - a largely symbolic move that gained no traction and led to the assembly s dismissal by Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy less than an hour after it was made.  I ask the Catalan people to prepare for a long road. Democracy will be the foundation of our victory,  Puigdemont  told a news conference in Brussels, where he showed up after dropping out of sight over the weekend. He also said he was not seeking asylum in Belgium. Rajoy, who has taken an uncompromising stance throughout the crisis, is gambling on anti-independence parties taking power in the regional parliament and putting the brakes on the independence drive. Puigdemont will hope a strong showing for the independence camp will reboot the secessionists after a tumultuous few weeks. The Spanish government said at the weekend Puigdemont was welcome to stand in the election. The judicial process was a separate matter, it said. The Supreme Court also began processing rebellion and sedition charges against Catalan parliament speaker Carme Forcadell and other senior leaders on Tuesday.  The political crisis, Spain s gravest since the return of democracy in the late 1970s, was triggered by an independence referendum held in Catalonia on Oct. 1. Though it was declared illegal by Spanish courts and less than half Catalonia s eligible voters took part, the pro-secessionist regional government said the vote gave it a mandate for independence. The United States, Britain, Germany and France have all backed Rajoy and rejected an independent Catalan state, although some have called for dialogue between the opposing sides. Puigdemont, Vice President Oriol Junqueras and other Catalan leaders had said previously they would not accept their dismissal. But their respective parties, PdeCat and Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya, said on Monday they would take part in the election, a tacit acceptance of direct rule from Madrid. The struggle has divided Catalonia itself and caused deep resentment across the rest of Spain, although separatist sentiment persists in the Basque Country and some other areas. Two recent opinion polls showed support for independence may have started to wane.  But an official regional survey published on Tuesday showed some 48.7 percent of Catalans believe the region should be independent, up from 41.1 pct in June and the highest since December 2014.  Based on 1,338 interviews, the Centre d Estudis d Opinio poll was the first survey released since the independence declaration though the bulk of it was taken before then, between Oct. 16 and Oct. 29. Despite his dash to the European Union s power centre, Puigdemont s hopes of engaging the bloc in his cause seem forlorn. Member states have asserted their support for Spanish unity and EU institutions in Brussels say they will deal only with Madrid and that the dispute remains an internal matter.  Our position remains unchanged,  EU Commission spokeswoman Mina Andreeva said in Brussels on Tuesday. But some analysts believe the dispute is not going to fade away anytime soon.  Spain is heading for a period of disruption, and like the UK and Brexit, having its policy agenda dominated by one political issue while other key challenges fade into the background,  said Raj Badiani, an economist at IHS Markit in London.  A more tangible impact from the crisis could evolve from early 2018, with the uncertainty set to build as Catalans push harder for a legally binding referendum.    Influential Catalan business lobbies have backed direct rule and called on firms to stay in the region. The crisis has prompted more than 1,000 businesses to switch their legal headquarters from Catalonia, which contributes about a fifth of Spain s economy, the fourth-largest in the euro zone. Spain s IBEX fell slightly as Puigdemont began speaking in Brussels but then rose again. For some in Barcelona, the overwhelming emotion appears to be exasperation.  It s a farcical and completely ridiculous situation,  said Ernesto Hernandez Busto, 42, an editor.  This extreme nationalism, this separatism, has taken Catalonia to the most absurd situation and the worst inconvenience we have had in the last 40 years.  ",1
15985,Magnitude 6.4 aftershock hits off New Caledonia: USGS,"(Reuters) - An aftershock of magnitude 6.4 struck off the French Pacific territory of New Caledonia on Wednesday, a day after the archipelago was shaken by a magnitude 6.8 quake, the U.S. Geological Survey said. ",1
15986,Six dead after ambush on Malian High Court's president,"BAMAKO (Reuters) - Five Malian soldiers and one civilian were killed in central Mali on Tuesday during an ambush on a convoy of the president of the High Court of Justice, the defense ministry said in a statement.  It was not clear who was responsible for the attack, but the high level target and army deaths point to the deteriorating security situation in Mali due to the growing reach of jihadist groups that roam country s vast desert expanses.  The convoy of Abdrahamane Niang was traveling between the towns of Dia and Diafarab  in the Mopti region, about 500 kilometers (311 miles) northeast of the capital Bamako, when it was attacked.   Mr. Niang and his wife were recovered by the army. However, we report 6 deaths: five soldiers of the Malian army and the driver of the Honorable Niang,  the statement said, adding that others had been wounded.  No other details of the attack were given.  The rise of jihadist groups   some linked to al Qaeda and Islamic State   continues to destabilize Mali, four years after French troops beat back an Islamist insurgency that began in 2012.  Around 4,000 French soldiers remain as part of Operation Barkhane, where they work alongside around 10,000 U.N. peacekeepers in Mali. But attacks on peacekeepers, aid workers and the Malian military are common.  Four U.S. Special Forces troops were killed earlier this month in neighboring Niger by fighters believed to belong to a local Islamic State affiliate operating out of Mali.  The G5 Sahel, an anti-terrorism taskforce of soldiers from Mali, Niger, Burkina Faso, Chad and Mauritania, plans to launch its first joint operations this month to target Islamists in the Sahel. ",1
15987,Pregnant U.S. teenager moved to Iraq from Syria: officials,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon said on Tuesday that U.S. forces had moved a person who is under 18 years old to Iraq from Syria and two U.S. officials said she was a pregnant American teenager.  U.S. forces recently relocated a minor from Syria safely to Iraq,  the Pentagon said in a statement.  The U.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said she was in the hands of State Department officials in Iraq and would travel back to the United States, although they did not say when. While not identifying her by name, one official said she was the same person interviewed by CBS News earlier this month near Raqqa, the Syrian city that Islamic State once called its capital. U.S.-backed militias declared victory in Raqqa earlier this month. In that interview, she said she was 15 and had been brought to Syria by her father, an Islamic State supporter. The teenager had told CBS that she was from Kansas. Last month, the Pentagon said a U.S. citizen fighting for Islamic State in Syria surrendered to U.S.-backed militias and was handed over to U.S. forces. ",1
15988,"Bahrain imposes entry visas on Qatar nationals, residents","CAIRO (Reuters) - Bahrain said on Tuesday it would impose entry visas on Qatar nationals and residents in what it called a security measure. Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt cut diplomatic, transport and trade ties with Qatar in June, accusing it of financing terrorism. Doha denies that and says the boycott is an attempt to rein in its support for reform.   The new measures aim at preventing harming the security and stability of the kingdom of Bahrain particularly in light of the latest repercussions of the crisis with Qatar,  said a statement from the official Bahraini news agency BNA. Citizens from the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council countries are supposed to be able to travel within the GCC carrying only an identity card. Bahrain s visa requirements will apply from Nov. 10. Ambassador Ali Khalfan Al Mansouri, Qatar s Permanent Representative to the United Nations Office in Geneva, said the visas  constitute a flagrant violation of the agreements and resolutions of the Gulf Cooperation Council.   These measures are completely contrary to the statements of officials of the siege countries not to harm the Qatari citizen when taking any steps in the context of this crisis,  Mansouri told the Qatari state news agency. Bahrain believes Qatar is fomenting unrest in the island kingdom by supporting protests and even sporadic shooting and bombing attacks against security forces. Bahrain s foreign minister said on Sunday his country would not attend December s GCC summit if Qatar does not change its policies, and that Qatar should have its GCC membership suspended. ",1
15989,Northern Ireland power-sharing talks to extend into Wednesday,"BELFAST (Reuters) - Northern Ireland s main political parties are to continue talks aimed at restoring the British region s devolved government on Wednesday, a British government official said, in an apparent extension of a deadline for a deal.  Representatives of Irish nationalists Sinn Fein and the pro-British Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) ended their second day of talks aimed at re-establishing a power-sharing government that collapsed in January, the official said.  The British government has indicated that if the parties fail to reach agreement in the coming days it will be forced to impose a budget directly for the first time in a decade to ensure essential services are funded.  A budget set by the British government would be a major step towards direct rule from London, which could destabilize a delicate political balance there. On Monday the British government s minister for Northern Ireland, James Brokenshire, said if there was no progress by the end of talks on Tuesday he would assess whether London needed to move impose a budget. The spokesman declined to comment when asked when that decision would be made.  The DUP and Sinn Fein have shared power for the past decade in a system created following a 1998 peace deal that ended three decades of violence in the province. Sinn Fein pulled out in January, complaining it was not being treated as an equal partner. ",1
15990,World Bank approves $400 million to rebuild liberated Iraqi areas,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The World Bank on Tuesday approved $400 million in additional funding to help rebuild services to Iraqi areas recaptured from Islamic State militants after a three-year military campaign, the global development bank said. The World Bank also said it would fund studies on how to involve the private sector in the reconstruction of Mosul s airport and restoring public transport terminals as well as parts of the railway network.  The package represents an additional financing to the Iraq Emergency Operation for Development Project ($350 million) approved back in July 2015 and already underway in seven cities in Diyala and Salah Ad-Din governorates,  the World Bank said in a statement. It said the new funding would focus on rebuilding in five sectors - water and sanitation, electricity, health, transport and municipal services. The funds will also help with the restoration and preservation of cultural heritage sites in Mosul s Old City, which was heavily damaged by fighting.  Iraqi government forces, backed by a U.S.-led coalition, retook Mosul in May - by far the largest city to fall under militants  control - after nearly nine months of urban warfare. Iraqi government officials have estimated it will take at least five years and billions of dollars to rebuild Mosul. ",1
15991,"Britain accelerates Brexit plans, divorce talks also to speed up","LONDON/BRATISLAVA (Reuters) - Britain is accelerating preparations for  all eventualities  when it leaves the European Union, but both sides are hopeful an agreement on stepping up talks to unravel more than 40 years of partnership will be sealed soon. With only 17 months remaining until Britain s expected departure, the slow pace of talks has increased the possibility of it leaving without a deal, alarming business leaders who say time is running out for them to make investment decisions. British and EU negotiators met in Brussels on Tuesday and agreed to hold further divorce talks on Nov.9-10.  The pressure has spurred the British government to step up its Brexit plans, employing thousands more workers and spending millions to make sure customs posts, laws and systems work on day one of Brexit, even without a deal on a future relationship. At a meeting with her ministers on Tuesday, Prime Minister Theresa May was updated on plans for the tax and customs authority to add a further 3,000-5,000 workers next year and for spending of 500 million pounds ($660.45 million) for Brexit.  Alongside the negotiations in Brussels, it is crucial that we are putting our own domestic preparations in place so that we are ready at the point that we leave the EU,  May s spokesman told reporters.  The preparatory work has seen a significant acceleration in recent months. Departments are preparing detailed delivery plans for each of the around 300 programs underway across government.  May wants to silence critics in her ruling Conservative Party who are pressing her to walk away from talks, which have faltered over how much Britain should pay to leave the bloc, and also to step up the negotiations. Brexit campaigners are demanding that Britain leave with no deal if the talks do not move on beyond a discussion of the divorce settlement on a so-called Brexit bill, EU citizens rights and the border with EU member Ireland by December. Brexit minister David Davis said on Tuesday he believed Britain would agree some kind of basic deal with the European Union, even in the  very improbable  eventuality that they failed to agree a trade deal. EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier reaffirmed his message in the Slovak capital Bratislava that he was ready to  speed up negotiations .  We have clearly proposed three (different dates) for new rounds. In the next few hours or days we ll be working with British delegations to find the right dates because we need to work in a very intense way to find this agreement before December,  Barnier told reporters, in comments that supported sterling.  The agenda for the new round of negotiations will be fixed within hours or days.  May s government has also long said it would welcome an acceleration in the talks.  After a top-level meeting in Brussels on Oct.19-20, Barnier has proposed three more negotiating rounds before the end of the year. London prefers  continued negotiations .  What does  continuous negotiations  mean, we don t know exactly. We are ready to accelerate but we must have something to talk about. We are very happy to increase the number of times we meet,  said an EU official. Before leaving the EU, May faces a struggle to get parliamentary support for a law to sever political, financial and legal ties with the bloc - the EU Withdrawal Bill, for which lawmakers have proposed hundreds of amendments. Asked whether May was preparing to offer a concession over a final vote on any deal struck with the EU, her spokesman said there was  lots of speculation in relation to Brexit .  We ve always said that we ll do whatever is necessary,  he said. ",1
15992,U.S. to vote against U.N. resolution calling for end to Cuba embargo,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States will vote against a U.N. General Assembly resolution on Wednesday calling for the lifting of the decades-old U.S. economic embargo against Cuba, reversing an abstention by Washington last year. U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley will vote against the resolution, introduced annually by Havana for 26 years, to underscore President Donald Trump s new Cuba policy, which puts greater emphasis on advancing human rights and democracy, State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said on Tuesday. The United States consistently voted against such resolutions for 24 years but abstained for the first time in 2016 as Washington and Havana forged a closer relationship and reopened embassies in both countries in 2015. But tensions have flared recently between the two former Cold War foes. Trump said earlier this month he believed Havana was responsible for a series of alleged incidents that Washington says harmed 24 of its diplomats. Cuban officials investigating the U.S. complaints said last week talk of acoustic strikes was  science fiction.   The resolution on Wednesday is non-binding but can carry political weight. Only the U.S. Congress can lift the full embargo, put in place more than 50 years ago. The Cuban delegation to the U.N. did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Last year, the resolution was adopted by the 193-member General Assembly with 191 votes in favor. Israel joined its ally the United States in abstaining. U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy, a Democrat, led a group of 10 senators urging Trump on Tuesday to direct the U.S. delegation to once more abstain from voting.  ",1
15993,Turkish passenger plane makes unscheduled stop in Ukraine,"KIEV (Reuters) - A Pegasus Airlines plane flying from Moscow to Istanbul made an unscheduled landing at Odessa airport in southern Ukraine on Tuesday due to a problem passenger, an official of the Turkish carrier told Reuters. Earlier, an Odessa police official said the plane was forced to land after a suspicious package was found in one of its lavatories during the flight from Russia to Turkey.  The discovery forced the crew to take the decision to carry out an emergency landing at the nearest airport, which turned out to be Odessa International,  said Ruslan Forostyak, adviser to the head of Odessa regional police. A Pegasus Airlines official confirmed one of its crews had made the unscheduled stop due to suspicious activity by a passenger, but said the plane had later resumed the flight. ",1
15994,"U.S. welcomes China, South Korea bid to improve ties despite anti-missile dispute","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department welcomed a decision by China and South Korea on Tuesday to resume normal ties after a year-long standoff over a decision by Seoul and Washington to deploy a missile defense system to counter North Korea s nuclear program.  We ... were pleased to hear that the Republic of Korea, that our Korean friends, and also the Chinese are forging a closer relationship,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told a briefing.  We see that as providing better stability ... for a region that desperately needs it because of North Korea.  Nauert said there had been no change in the decision by South Korea and the United States to deploy the THAAD missile defense system in South Korea to protect against Pyongyang s nuclear and ballistic missile program. ",1
15995,Russia invites Syrian Kurds to people's congress: Kurdish official,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Russia has invited the Kurdish-led authorities in northern Syria to its proposed congress of Syria s rival parties in November, a senior Kurdish official said on Tuesday, as Moscow seeks to launch a new initiative to end the Syrian conflict.  We are studying the issue and our stance has been positive so far,  Badran Jia Kurd, an adviser to the administration that governs Kurdish-led autonomous regions of Syria, told Reuters. It would mark the first time Syria s main Kurdish groups have been brought into peace talks. Although they now control at least a quarter of Syria, Kurdish authorities have so far been left out of international talks in line with Turkish wishes. After intervening decisively in favor of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Russia has sought to spearhead diplomatic efforts among the various combatants over the past year. Moscow has said the congress will focus on  compromise solutions  towards ending the conflict, which began more than six years ago with street protests against the Syrian leader. A spokesman for the Syrian opposition, which wants peace talks to take place under U.N. supervision, described the proposed congress as  really worrying . It was unclear what the aims were and who would join, said Yahya al-Aridi. Aridi also said he feared the congress would be used as  fabricated  evidence of reconciliation to mislead both the Syrians and foreign countries. Several rounds of U.N. talks in Geneva between the Damascus government and the anti-Assad opposition have gone nowhere.   Russia invited 33 Syrian groups and political parties on Tuesday to a  Syrian Congress on National Dialogue  which it will host on Nov. 18 in the Black Sea resort of Sochi. They include Kurdish groups and anti-Assad rebel factions.  The Kurdish-led administration received the invitation at meetings with Russian officials in northern Syria last month and favor the idea as it strives for a political solution, Jia Kurd said. Kurdish officials say they have been in talks with Russia to assess the prospects for dialogue with the Syrian government.       Since 2011, the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia and its allies have carved out autonomous cantons in the north. Their territorial grip has expanded since they joined forces with the United States to fight Islamic State militants. But Turkey views Syrian Kurdish power as a national security threat along its border. Ankara considers the YPG as an extension of the outlawed Kurdish PKK movement that has waged a three-decade insurgency inside Turkey.     Russian President Vladimir Putin, who sent warplanes to help Assad s military against mostly Sunni rebels in 2015, first mentioned the congress earlier this month.  Putin has said it would include  all ethnic and religious groups, and the government, and the opposition .       Syria s U.N. ambassador, Bashar al-Jaafari, said Damascus was ready to take part in the congress and that the time was now more appropriate to join such talks after its military victories.  Since Russia s intervention in 2015, the government has taken back significant territory from rebels opposed to Assad and has this year recaptured swathes of central and eastern Syria from Islamic State. Alexander Lavrentyev, a senior Russian negotiator on Syria, urged Syrian rebel groups to join the congress, provided they support Syria s integrity and sovereignty and status as a secular, democratic state.  If someone is against these principles,.. they will of course not go there,  he told reporters after a round of talks with Turkish and Iranian delegations in Kazakhstan.  But then we think they will risk being sidelined in the political process.  The Kazakhstan talks did not produce an anticipated document on prisoner swaps. Lavrentyev said the sides had spent a lot of time discussing the situation in Idlib where Damascus accuses Ankara of acting in coordination with Islamist militants. ",1
15996,U.N. condemns civilian deaths from air attack in east Libya,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Air strikes killed at least 15 people in the besieged eastern Libyan city of Derna late on Monday, a medical source and a resident said, in an operation condemned by the United Nations due to the high civilian death toll. The U.N. Support Mission in Libya said at least 12 children and women were among the dead in Derna, a city about 265 km (165 miles) west of the Egyptian border controlled by a coalition of Islamist militants and rebel veterans known as the Derna Mujahideen Shura Council (DMSC). The medical source said all the victims appeared to be civilians. The coastal city has long been under siege by the eastern-based Libyan National Army (LNA), which has occasionally carried out air strikes against it, as has Egypt, which backs the LNA. Both denied carrying out Monday s strikes. The air strikes, lasting around an hour, hit the Dahr al-Hamar district in the south of Derna and Al Fatayeh, a hilly area about 20 km (12 miles) from the city, a resident said.  An Egyptian military source said Egypt was not responsible for the air strike, while one Egyptian TV station said Libyan planes had conducted it. The LNA denied this and said there had been a  terrorist attack  in the area. Egypt s foreign ministry issued a statement condemning the air strikes, which it said had killed innocent civilians. The Tripoli-based U.N.-backed government, which opposes the LNA-backed by a rival administration in the east, denounced the air strikes and announced three days of mourning. Islamic State established a foothold in Derna in late 2014, but was driven out by the DMSC the following year. ",1
15997,"Merkel preaches tolerance, religious freedom at Reformation ceremony","WITTENBERG, Germany (Reuters) - Invoking the spirit of the Reformation, Chancellor Angela Merkel called for religious freedom and tolerance on Tuesday and said Germany should lend extra support to the children of refugees  who have experienced awful things.   We have learned that tolerance is the soul of Europe,  she said at a ceremony on the 500th anniversary of the reformation in Wittenberg, where Martin Luther is said to have nailed his theses challenging Catholicism to a church door. Luther argued against what he saw as abusive practices by Catholic preachers, though the reformation divided western Christianity and resulted in violence, persecution and discrimination. Merkel, the daughter of a protestant pastor, praised Luther s translation of the Bible into a standard form of written German, which she said made its teachings accessible to the population at large.  Religious education was a fundamental concern of the reformation,  she said, stressing the importance of education for everyone.  To learn and develop skills, some children need to be given more support than others - for example when parental support is lacking. This applies too to integrating children from refugee families who have experienced and undergone awful things.  Merkel has come under fire for allowing more than one million migrants to enter Germany over the past two years - a decision that saw her conservatives bleed support to the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) party in a national election last month. People from different backgrounds often knew too little about each other, she said, stressing the importance of dialogue between religions.  Just as the freedom of belief always has to be protected from religious fanaticism, so freedom of worship, on the other hand, requires that religion be protected from contempt,  Merkel added. To honor the 500th anniversary, Reformation Day was a public holiday in Germany this year. ",1
15998,Man seized over Benghazi attack is Syrian linked to suspected ringleader -Libyan officials,"MISRATA/BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - A man seized by U.S. forces in Libya accused of involvement in an attack that killed the U.S. Ambassador in Benghazi in 2012 is a Syrian who had links to the suspected ringleader, Libyan military officials said on Tuesday. U.S. special forces captured Mustafa al-Imam in the past few days and he is being transported to the United States, U.S. officials said on Monday, without giving more details. Speaking on condition of anonymity, eastern-based military officials told Reuters Imam was believed to be a Syrian national aged between 35 and 40. He was captured near Misrata, the country s third-largest city located some 190 km east of the capital Tripoli, said Mohammed al-Ghasri, spokesman of the defense ministry of the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli.  He was caught near the city of Misrata after his movements had been monitored,  Ghasri told Reuters in the first official statement of the Tripoli-based government. When asked whether Libyan authorities had been present during the U.S. operation he only said:  Yes...(there) was coordination with the security agencies inside Misrata city.  He declined to elaborate. The man had been originally from eastern Libya but spent time in Misrata where he had roots while he also had been moving around, Ghasri added.  He did not live in Misrata.  Imam had previously lived in the Benghazi district of Laithi where he frequented the same Al-Awza i mosque as suspected ringleader Ahmed Abu Khatallah who was snatched by U.S. forces in 2014, eastern military officials said. U.S. prosecutors opened their case against Abu Khatallah this month.  Imam has been charged with  killing a person in the course of an attack on a federal facility  and providing  material support to terrorists resulting in death,  the U.S. Justice Department said. He will appear before a federal judge in Washington when he arrives in the United States. Laithi was an Islamist stronghold that saw some of the heaviest fighting in a battle for control of Benghazi that began in 2014. In July, eastern-based military commander Khalifa Haftar announced victory in the campaign, which pitted his Libyan National Army (LNA) against Islamists and other opponents. Libya has rival governments: one in the capital and another in the east allied to Haftar. An eastern news agency backing the LNA published what it said was a picture of Imam standing in front of the Benghazi barracks of an armed group before it was taken by Haftar s forces. The Benghazi attack, which killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans, was the topic of numerous congressional hearings, with Republican lawmakers critical of the way in which then-secretary of state Hillary Clinton handled the attack.  Libya has been mired in conflict since the 2011 overthrow of Muammar Gaddafi, with Islamist militants gaining ground as fighting between rival factions created a security void. ",1
15999,Egypt says bombs militants responsible for Western Desert attack,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt s air force killed a large number of militants responsible for a deadly attack on a police convoy 10 days ago, the military said on Tuesday following an air raid on their base. The raid, the second in a week targeting militants behind the Oct. 21 attack, was coordinated with police and based on intelligence about the location of their hideout, a military statement said. Three security sources said at the time that at least 52 police officers and conscripts were killed on Oct. 21 when their patrol came under attack, but the interior ministry refuted that figure the next day and said only 16 policemen had been killed. President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi appointed a new military chief of staff a week after the militants struck and the Interior Ministry dismissed several high-ranking officials. Tuesday s military statement said the air strike was a  continuation of the armed forces and police efforts to avenge the martyrs of national duty . A  large number of terrorist elements  died in the strike, and the air force and police were pursuing several militants on the run, the statement added. Three vehicles loaded with large quantities of weapons, ammunition and explosives were also destroyed in the strike, and the military later posted footage of the attack. An official source in the Giza province security directorate told Reuters more than 12 militants had been killed, though a military spokesman did not confirm any death toll. The military spokesman later said in a statement that a police officer who had been kidnapped during the Oct. 21 attack had been rescued and taken to a military hospital. Egypt has been fighting an Islamic State insurgency concentrated in the northern part of the Sinai peninsula since Sisi led the military overthrow of President Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood in 2013. Hundreds of members of the security forces have been killed since. No group has claimed responsibility for the Oct. 21 attack in a remote desert area of Giza, about 130 km (80 miles) southwest of Cairo. The latest air strike was the second attack on militants in five days - at least 13 militants died in a raid on a farm hideout in the region on Friday.  The vast Western Desert has long been a security headache, with arms flowing across the border with Libya, where militant groups have found shelter since the country fell into chaos after the fall of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011. ",1
16000,Dutch authorities try to avoid Russian air ban over Schiphol landing slots,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Authorities in the Netherlands tried on Tuesday to defuse a threat by Moscow to close Russian air space to Dutch planes in a dispute over landing slots at Amsterdam s Schiphol airport.  The Dutch Airline Pilots Association said Russia has indicated it will enforce the ban from Saturday. It would mainly hurt Air France subsidiary KLM, the former Dutch flag carrier and the only Dutch airline that flies over Russia. The dispute centers on a reduction from 23 to 13 in the number of slots available to Russian freight carrier AirBridgeCargo at Europe s third-busiest airport following Schiphol s half-yearly reallocation.on Oct. 28. The Dutch transport ministry is  in talks with several parties over the availability of slots for freight traffic at Schiphol,  said spokesman Roel Vincken, who declined to comment further for fear of negatively impacting the talks. A spokesman for the Russian transport ministry said KLM and AirBridgeCargo were in talks about KLM giving up some of its slots as part of a possible compromise. Russian-Dutch relations have been tense since the 2014 downing of Malaysia passenger flight MH17 over eastern Ukraine, which killed 298 people, most of them Dutch.   AirBridgeCargo s Dutch chief Henk-Jan van Keulen said in a telephone interview that his company had been forced to reroute almost half of its traffic through Liege, Belgium, using trucks, because of the reallocation of slots at Schiphol. Van Keulen said financial damages were difficult to estimate, as they are lessened by lower fees at Liege and are being partly borne by the various freight-forwarding companies it works with. Spokesman Joost van Doesburg said the Dutch Airline Pilots Association had received a request from KLM to add an extra pilot to all flights traveling to Asia, as they will have to re-route beginning on Saturday.  If Russia follows through on the ban, hours of travel time will be added to Asian flights.   It s only a threat but you have to prepare,  Van Doesburg said.  Russia does this sometimes when it feels countries aren t giving appropriate attention to a complaint.      De Telegraaf newspaper reported that around 15 percent of KLM s flights would be affected. A KLM spokeswoman said the airline would respond later. Airport Coordination Netherlands, the organization which allocates slots at Schiphol, said AirBridgeCargo s slots had been cut for failure to fully utilize its existing slots, according to European rules, and it did not have the power to grant any additional slots because of a cap imposed at the airport. ",1
16001,Italy's Berlusconi probed over deadly 1993 mafia bombings: source,"FLORENCE, Italy (Reuters) - Former Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi is under investigation as part of an investigation into mafia bombings in 1993, a judicial source said on Tuesday, confirming newspaper reports. A mob boss jailed for the deadly attacks in Rome, Milan and Florence was recorded talking to his cellmate about the four-times premier, prompting a judge in Florence to reopen a shelved probe into Berlusconi s alleged involvement, the Italian newspapers Corriere della Sera and La Repubblica reported.  Berlusconi s lawyer Nicolo Ghedini said a previous investigation had shown his client was not involved in the bombings, which killed 10 people. Ghedini said the case had re-emerged for political reasons ahead of an important regional ballot in Sicily on Sunday and a national election due by next May.  Even speculating that (Berlusconi) could have been in any way involved in the events in question is so absurd as to make any comment unnecessary,  Ghedini said in a statement.  (It is) obvious that the umpteenth investigation can only end in a swift dismissal, as happened in the past.  A previous probe into the 81-year-old media mogul s alleged involvement in the case was shelved in 2011. Berlusconi was due to visit Sicily later on Tuesday to campaign for his Forza Italia (Go Italy!) party ahead of Sunday s regional election. Judges investigating the mafia case, which is raking over arguably the murkiest years in modern Italian history, heard fragmented recordings of conversations mob leader Giuseppe Graviano had last April in jail, the newspapers reported.   1992 he already wanted to get involved (in politics) ... and he wanted everything,  Graviano was reportedly recorded saying, referring to  Berlusca  - a common nickname for Berlusconi.   Berlusca ... asked me this favor ... I was convinced Berlusconi would win the election ... in Sicily ... he wanted to get involved ... but at that time the old guys were around ... he told me we needed a really good thing.  The mafia bombing campaign on mainland Italy stunned the country and helped lead to the collapse of the old political parties, which were riddled with corruption. Berlusconi entered politics in early 1994 and immediately won a national election. Forza Italia said in a statement that 1,296 mafiosi had been arrested during Berlusconi s years in office between 2001-05 and 2008-2011, including 32 of Italy s most wanted mobsters.  It said Berlusconi s administration had toughened prison conditions for mobsters and had seized 25 billion euros ($29.09 billion) of mafia property in its last three years in office. ($1 = 0.8595 euros) ",1
16002,Iraqi authorities gain first foothold at Kurdish frontier with Turkey,"ANKARA/BAGHDAD/ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi troops deployed on Tuesday at one of the main land crossings with Turkey, gaining a foothold at the Kurdish-held frontier for the first time in decades and imposing one of Baghdad s central demands on the Kurds. Iraq s entire land border with Turkey is located inside the Kurdish autonomous region, and has been controlled by the Kurds since before the fall of Saddam Hussein in 2003. But since the Kurds staged a referendum on independence last month that Baghdad considers illegal, the central government has demanded a presence at all border crossing points. The Iraqis set up positions between the Turkish and the Iraqi Kurdish checkpoints at the Habur border crossing between the Turkish town of Silopi and the Iraqi town of Zakho, a security source in Baghdad said. Vehicles crossing the border would now be subject to three checks   by Turks, Iraqi forces and the Kurds.  Habur border gate has been handed over to the central (Iraqi) government as of this morning,  Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim told members of his ruling AK Party in parliament in Ankara. Officials from the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) said they had not relinquished control of the crossing. Discussions were ongoing to allow Iraqi  oversight  at the border, Hoshyar Zebari, a former Iraqi foreign minister now working as an adviser to the KRG, told Reuters. An Iraqi official showed Reuters pictures of the Iraqi flag being raised at the border gate, where Iraqi and Turkish soldiers were deployed and Turkish flags also hoisted. Control of the border region is of crucial importance for the landlocked Kurdish region. An oil pipeline runs from northern Iraq into Turkey, carrying crude exports which are the principal source of funds for the Kurds.  The balance of power between Iraqi central government forces and the autonomous Kurdish region has been transformed since the Kurds staged their referendum on Sept. 25. Iraqi Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi ordered his forces to recapture all territory held by the Kurds outside the borders of their autonomous region, and most of it was seized this month within a matter of days. Baghdad is also demanding control of all border crossings with Turkey and Iran. Abadi has won backing from both Tehran and Ankara for his moves against the Kurds. However, in a move to help defuse tensions with the Kurds, he said on Tuesday Baghdad would start paying  soon  the salaries of Kurdish Peshmerga fighters and civil servants working for the KRG. The semi-autonomous KRG has been struggling to pay the Peshmerga and its employees since 2014, after Baghdad stopped payments to it because of a dispute about oil-sharing revenue. The cost of a three-year war on Islamic State added to the Kurdistan region s financial difficulties, and fall of the oil region of Kirkuk to Iraqi forces halved the KRG s oil income. The Peshmerga took over the multi-ethnic region of Kirkuk in 2014, after the Iraqi army collapsed in the face of Islamic State, preventing the militants from controlling its oilfields. Iraq s military said a delegation headed by army Chief of Staff Lieutenant General Othman al-Ghanmi was visiting the area, to take control of Kurdish-held international border checkpoints with both Turkey and Syria Zebari, the Kurdish government adviser, said the Kurds were prepared to accept  Iraqis at the airports and border posts to have oversight, to make sure everyone is in compliance , but any such presence must be achieved through negotiations, not force. The split between the Kurds and the Iraqi central government is a particular challenge for Washington, which is closely allied to both sides. The United States had urged the Kurds not to hold the referendum, worried it would precipitate a backlash. The referendum and ensuing dispute with Baghdad has also exposed deep rifts within the Kurdish leadership. Kurdish leader Masoud Barzani announced on Sunday he would step down, and accused security forces loyal to a rival political party of  high treason  for yielding territory to the central government without a fight.  The KRG and the central government held talks from Friday till Sunday to resolve their conflict. Yildirim said Turkey had agreed to open another border gate with Iraq as part of a route that would lead to the city of Tal Afar, some 40 km (25 miles) west of Mosul and home to a predominantly ethnic Turkmen population. Iran will reopen all its border crossings with Iraq s Kurdistan region in the coming days, lifting restrictions imposed after last month s Kurdish vote in favor of independence, its chief of staff Major General Mohammad Baqeri said on Monday. ",1
16003,"Iraq to pay Kurdish Peshmerga, civil servants, says PM","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The Iraqi government plans to soon start paying the salaries of Kurdish Peshmerga fighters and civil servants working for the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG), Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said on Tuesday. The semi-autonomous KRG has been struggling to pay the Peshmerga and its employees since 2014, after Baghdad stopped payments to it because of a dispute about oil-sharing revenue.   We will soon be able to pay all the salaries of the Peshmerga and the employees of the region,  Abadi told reporters  The cost of a three-year war on Islamic State added to the Kurdistan region s financial difficulties, and Iraqi troops captured the oil region of Kirkuk from the Peshmerga two weeks ago, halving the KRG s oil income.  Paying Kurdish salaries would help defuse tensions in the northern Iraqi region, where a referendum vote in favor of Kurdish independence in September triggered economic and military retaliation from the Iraqi government.  The Peshmerga had taken over the multi-ethnic region of Kirkuk in 2014, after the Iraqi army collapsed in the face of Islamic State, preventing the militants from controlling its oilfields. ",1
16004,Exclusive: Kenyan Supreme Court judges denied extra security after shooting - source,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s government denied a request by Supreme Court judges for extra security after one of their bodyguards was shot, preventing them from holding a hearing that could have delayed last week s presidential election, a senior judicial source said on Tuesday. The court has been center stage since it annulled an Aug. 8 vote won by President Uhuru Kenyatta, citing procedural irregularities and ordering a repeat vote within 60 days. The decision was the first of its kind in Africa, where governments often hold sway over judges. It angered some of Kenyatta s supporters, who said the judges had thwarted the will of the people. Kenyatta won 98 percent of the vote in the Oct. 26 re-run after opposition leader Raila Odinga boycotted it on the grounds it would not be fair because the election board had failed to implement reforms he sought after the court decision. The Supreme Court had been due to meet on Oct. 25 to deliberate on an eleventh-hour request to delay the re-run. But the day before, the bodyguard of its deputy chief justice was shot as he bought pot plants beside a highway. Only Chief Justice David Maraga turned up for the Oct. 25 hearing. Without a minimum quorum of five judges, Maraga said the court could not make a ruling on the petition, paving the way for the election re-run to go ahead. Asked about the request by the judges, Interior ministry spokesman Mwenda Njoka said security for all judges was enhanced in the wake of the shooting.  If anybody is telling you to the contrary, they are not telling the truth,  he told Reuters. The government said the bodyguard s shooting was a robbery rather than an attempt to intimidate the judges, whom Kenyatta had branded as  crooks  after they voided the August election. Treating the shooting as a regular crime angered the judges, who demanded they get extra security, the judicial source said.  In Kenya, ordinary criminals don t attack government vehicles driven by armed government agents who know how to shoot,  the source said. The justices demanded that their security should be publicly guaranteed given the tensions over the election or else they would refuse to attend hearings, the source said. At least 55 people have died in political violence since the August vote. The European Union monitoring mission raised the issue of intimidation after the Supreme Court hearing failed to go ahead on Oct. 25, saying it was vital that judges be allowed to work  in freedom and safety .  The lack of a quorum is highly unusual for a Supreme Court hearing and has raised serious questions among Kenyan stakeholders, including about possible political interference,  it said in a statement that day. ",1
16005,"Taliban increases influence, territory in Afghanistan: U.S. watchdog","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Taliban has increased the amount of territory it has influence over or controls in Afghanistan in the past six months, a U.S. watchdog agency reported on Tuesday, as the militant group has stepped up attacks in recent weeks. As of August, 13 percent of the 407 districts in Afghanistan were under Taliban control or influence, compared with 11 percent in February, according to a report from the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, or SIGAR. That means an additional 700,000 people now live in districts where the Taliban has at least some influence. The updated figures are a sign of the deteriorating security situation in the war-torn country, even as the United States has committed several thousand more troops. The gains being made by the Taliban and a spate of recent attacks underscore worries about Afghan security forces  ability to deal with a relentless insurgency that they have struggled to contain since most foreign troops left at the end of 2014. In total, about 43 percent of Afghanistan s districts are either under Taliban control or being contested, three percent higher than six months ago, SIGAR said. U.S. forces in Afghanistan also withheld certain data on the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces, the report said, including  casualties, personnel strength, attrition, and the operational readiness of equipment.   In a significant development this quarter, U.S. Forces-Afghanistan (USFOR-A) classified or otherwise restricted information SIGAR has until now publicly reported,  the report said. Afghanistan s worsening security situation was highlighted on Tuesday when a suicide bomber in the capital killed as many as eight people. Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack. The increase in the campaign of U.S. air strikes in recent months is part of a new strategy aimed at reversing Taliban gains and forcing the insurgents to seek peace talks with the Afghan government. The SIGAR report, citing the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan, also said there had been a 52 percent increase in civilian casualties from coalition and Afghan air strikes in the first nine months of 2017 compared with the same period in 2016. There had also been a sharp increase in  insider attacks  by militants, targeting U.S. and Afghan forces. In June, three Americans were killed an one wounded when an Afghan soldier opened fire on them. ",1
16006,Belgian prosecutors charge two over foiled attack on high-speed train,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgian federal prosecutors said on Tuesday they charged two people over a foiled attack in 2015 on a high-speed train between Brussels and Paris. In August 2015 a machinegun-toting attacker wounded three people on a Thalys train before being overpowered by passengers, one of a series of militant attacks that has rocked Belgium and France over the past two years. The two men, named as Mohamed B. and Youssef S., were  indicted for participation in the activities of a terrorist group,  prosecutors said. They were among four people detained by police on Monday after houses were searched in Brussels and elsewhere in Belgium. The two others were released after interrogation. ",1
16007,Seven killed as Israel destroys tunnel dug under Gaza border,"GAZA/JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Seven Palestinian militants were killed on Monday when Israel blew up what it said was a tunnel being dug underneath the Gaza Strip border. Hamas said Israel had made a  futile attempt to sabotage efforts to repair Palestinian unity , a reference to the  reconciliation agreement it reached with Mahmoud Abbas, the president of the Palestinian Authority, earlier this month.    However, neither Israel nor Hamas seemed eager to seek escalation. Israel was at pains to point out that its action against the tunnel was carried out on its own side of the border.  The IDF (Israel Defence Forces) does not intend to escalate the situation but stands prepared for a variety of scenarios,  said Lieutenant-Colonel Jonathan Conricus, an Israeli military spokesman.  The working assumption is that this is not the only tunnel that Palestinian terrorist organizations are trying to dig.  The tunnel was being dug from the Gaza town of Khan Younis across the border, where it was blown up, Conricus said. A source for the Islamic Jihad militant group said the head of the faction s armed wing in central Gaza was killed along with a senior associate and other gunmen. It vowed revenge saying  all options are open for response.  Hamas s armed wing said two of its gunmen were killed while trying to rescue the Islamic Jihad men working in the tunnel. Gaza health officials said nine people were wounded. It said it would avenge  the blood of the martyrs.  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, in remarks to legislators of his right-wing Likud party, said  groundbreaking technology  aided the tunnel s discovery, but gave no details. Israel has been constructing a sensor-equipped underground wall along the 60-km (36-mile) Gaza border, aiming to complete the $1.1 billion project by mid-2019. During the last Gaza war, in 2014, Hamas fighters used dozens of tunnels to blindside Israel s superior forces and threaten civilian communities near the frontier, a counterpoint to the Iron Dome anti-missile system that largely protected the country s heartland from militant rocket barrages. Israel and the United States have called for Hamas to be disarmed as part of the pact between Hamas and the Palestinian Authority, so Israeli peace efforts with Abbas, which collapsed in 2014, could proceed. Hamas has rejected the demand. On Saturday, UNRWA, the main U.N. welfare agency for Palestinians, said it had discovered  what appeared to be a tunnel  underneath one of its schools in Gaza on Oct. 15 and had sealed the cavity. U.S. Middle East envoy Jason Greenblatt tweeted on Monday:  Hamas uses the world s generosity to shield terror. Palestinians in Gaza deserve so much better.  ",1
16008,Brexit minister says 'basic' EU deal likely even if trade talks fail,"LONDON (Reuters) - Brexit minister David Davis said on Tuesday he believed Britain would agree some kind of basic deal with the European Union, even in the  very improbable  eventuality that they fail to agree a trade deal. Davis told a parliamentary committee that even if Britain failed to strike a formal trade deal both sides were likely to have agreements in areas such as aviation that would allow planes to fly between Britain and the EU. It is  not impossible, but very, very improbable  that Britain and the EU will fail to agree a Brexit deal, Davis told the lawmakers.  Whatever happens we will have a basic deal without the bits we really want,  he said.  ",1
16009,"Those who boycott Syrian congress may be sidelined, Russia warns","ASTANA (Reuters) - Syrian groups who choose to boycott the Russia-sponsored national congress next month risk being sidelined as the political process moves ahead, Russian negotiator Alexander Lavrentyev said on Tuesday. Lavrentyev said the most important task of the congress was launching a constitutional reform.  Lavrentyev spoke to reporters after talks with Turkish and Iranian delegations, as well as Syrian government and rebel groups, in Kazakhstan which he said failed to produce finalised prisoner swap documents. ",1
16010,Kremlin says Russia not accused in U.S. case against ex-Trump aides,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Tuesday that U.S. charges against President Donald Trump s former campaign manager Paul Manafort and another aide showed Moscow had been unfairly maligned in accusations that it meddled in last year s U.S. presidential election. Federal investigators probing alleged Russian interference in the election, something Moscow denies, charged Manafort and Rick Gates with money laundering on Monday. But despite being brought as part of a five-month-old investigation into alleged Russian efforts to tilt the election in Trump s favor and into potential collusion by Trump aides, the charges, some going back over a decade, centered on Manafort s work for Ukraine s former government, not Russia s. That was welcomed in Russia, where officials are watching the investigation closely since public evidence of Russian meddling, something that has not so far been presented, would be sure to translate into tougher U.S. sanctions against Moscow. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov highlighted the absence of allegations against Russia in the indictment against Manafort and Gates, saying on Tuesday that Moscow had always said it had never interfered in the U.S. election. That assertion is challenged by U.S. intelligence agencies  who say unequivocally that Moscow did interfere in the November 2016 vote.  ...Russia does not feature in the charges that were leveled in any way. Other countries and other people feature (in the charges),  Peskov told a conference call with reporters.  Moscow never felt itself guilty so it doesn t feel  exonerated now,  he said, when asked whether the Kremlin interpreted the indictment as proof that its repeated denials about meddling election were true. Peskov also brushed aside any suggestion that someone with links to the Russian Foreign Ministry might have tried to set up a meeting with the Trump campaign through a third ex-aide, George Papadopoulos, who it was announced on Monday pleaded guilty in early October to lying to the FBI.  Russia s flagship TV news show took a similar line on Monday evening, saying it was  now clear that there was nothing  to allegations about Manafort being in touch with Russian officials to try to sway the election.     The U.S. investigation was an internal matter for the United States, said Peskov, but Moscow was following it with interest. Peskov laughed off the purported role of Papadopoulos, who told investigators he had tried to set up a meeting between the Trump campaign and the Russian leadership. In his unsuccessful quest to broker such a meeting, Papadopoulos said he had met a London-based professor boasting of contacts with Russian officials and an unnamed Russian woman. He also mentioned being in touch with someone linked to the Russian Foreign Ministry. Peskov, when asked what the Kremlin made of someone linked to the Foreign Ministry allegedly trying to set up a Putin-Trump meeting, said:  It s an absolutely laughable allegation.  Media reports have suggested the individual linked to the ministry is Ivan Timofeev, who works for a Moscow-based think-tank called the Russian International Relations Council (RIAC).  Timofeev did not respond to a request for comment, but told the gazeta.ru online news portal in August that Papadopoulos had emailed him in the spring of 2016 and spoken about the possibility of organizing a Trump trip to Russia. Timofeev said Papadopoulos had never made a formal request to either RIAC or the Russian Foreign Ministry for such a visit, however, and that he had got the impression that he had been  acting on his own initiative  and was  an enthusiast with little experience.  Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told reporters on Tuesday that there was nothing  illegal  about Papadopoulos contacting someone at RIAC. ",1
16011,"Colombia authorizes air raids against dissident FARC, crime gangs","BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia s armed forces have been authorized to launch air raids against crime gangs and FARC members who have refused to adhere to a peace accord with the former guerilla group and instead chose to continue drug trafficking and other criminal activity, the Defense Ministry said on Tuesday. As many as 1,000 members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) have not abided by the terms of last year s peace agreement with the government, preferring instead to remain armed, fight the government and profit from illegal drugs and mining. The conflict killed more than 220,000 people and displaced millions since it began in 1964. The executive order allows troops to conduct bomb attacks against FARC dissidents and crime gangs from airplanes and helicopters, and shields the military from criminal prosecution, the Defense Ministry said in a statement. Raids can only be carried out if civilians are not close by. Air raids were the most effective weapon in the government s fight against the FARC, pushing fighters deep into inhospitable jungle and killing high-level rebel commanders. That strategy also has been used against the National Liberation Army (ELN), now the biggest active guerrilla group in Colombia, which is  in peace talks with the government. The two sides began a bilateral ceasefire in October. More than 11,300 members of the FARC, including fighters, urban militia and prisoners are in the process of being incorporated into society after the group handed in its weapons to the United Nations and formed a political party. ",1
16012,"Assad sets sights on Kurdish areas, risking new Syria conflict","BEIRUT (Reuters) - With Islamic State near defeat in Syria, Damascus is setting its sights on territory held by Kurdish-led forces including eastern  oil fields, risking a new confrontation that could draw the United States in more deeply and complicate Russian diplomacy. President Bashar al-Assad and his Iranian allies appear to have been emboldened by events in Iraq, where Kurdish authorities have suffered a major blow since regional states mobilised against their independence referendum, analysts say. Rivalry between the Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), supported by the United States, and the Syrian government backed by Iran and Russia is emerging as a fault line with their common enemy - Islamic State - close to collapse in Syria. Syria s main Kurdish groups hope for a new phase of negotiations that will shore up their autonomy in northern Syria. Assad s government, however, is asserting its claim to areas captured by the SDF from the jihadist group, known in Arabic by its enemies as Daesh, in more forceful terms.  On Sunday, Damascus declared Islamic State s former capital at Raqqa would be considered  occupied  until the Syrian army took control - a challenge to Washington which helped the SDF capture the city in months of fighting. And the eastern oil fields seized by the SDF in October, including Syria s largest, will be a target for the government as it tries to recover resources needed for reconstructing areas it controls, according to a Syrian official and a non-Syrian commander in the alliance fighting in support of Assad.  The message is very clear to the SDF militants and their backers in the coalition, headed by America: the lands they took from Daesh are rightfully the Syrian state s,  said the non-Syrian commander, who requested that his name and nationality be withheld.    Regarding the resources of the Syrian people in the east - oil and so on - we will not allow anyone to continue to control the country s resources and to create cantons or to think about self government,  added the commander, who is part of a military alliance that includes numerous Iran-backed Shi ite militias from across the region. The Syrian official said the SDF could not keep control of oil resources.  We won t permit it,  said the official, speaking to Reuters on condition of anonymity as he was giving a personal view.     The United States has not spelt out how military support for the SDF will evolve after Islamic State s defeat, a sensitive point due to the concerns of its NATO ally Turkey. Ankara regards Syrian Kurdish power as a threat its national security as its forces are fighting Kurdish PKK rebels over the border in Turkey.  The U.S.-led coalition, which has established several military bases in northern Syria, has been helping the SDF shore up control of the recently captured al-Omar oil field in Deir al-Zor province.      Many people will say that will help them with (political) negotiations, but only if the United States remains with them, otherwise they are going to get clobbered,  said Joshua Landis, an expert on Syria and head of the Center for Middle East Studies at the University of Oklahoma.   I think the Syrian government is going to push on some of these oil wells, in the same way as Iraq just pushed to get Kirkuk oil, and in the same way the Iraqi push is going to embolden the Syrian army,  he said.     Iraqi Kurds took control of large areas outside their autonomous region during the fight against Islamic State. However, last month s independence referendum prompted Western opposition and fierce resistance from Baghdad, Ankara and Assad s Iranian allies, and the Kurdish authorities have since lost much territory to Baghdad, including oil producing areas around the city of Kirkuk.  The Syrian official said this should serve  as a lesson for the Kurds in Syria, so they think about the future . Regional sources say the U.S. unwillingness to stop Iraqi government forces, backed by Shi ite militias, from recapturing Kirkuk sent an encouraging message to Assad and his Iranian allies to retake the SDF-held oil areas in Syria. With critical military support from Russia and the Iran-backed militias, Assad has recovered swathes of central and eastern Syria from Islamic State this year, having defeated many anti-Assad rebel factions in western Syria. The Kurdish YPG militia, the dominant force in the SDF, controls the second largest chunk of Syrian territory - around a quarter of the country. Syrian Kurdish leaders say they are not seeking secession.  The YPG and Damascus have mostly avoided conflict during the Syrian civil war, setting aside historic enmity to fight shared foes. Kurdish-led regions of northern Syria have meanwhile focused on establishing an autonomous government which they aim to safeguard. Moscow has called for a new  congress  of Syrian groups that may start work on a new constitution. The Russian Foreign Ministry published on Tuesday a list of 33 groups and political parties invited to a meeting in the Black Sea resort of Sochi on Nov. 18. A Syrian Kurdish official told Reuters the administration in northern Syria had been invited to the congress. Kurdish officials said they discussed their political demands with the Russians as recently as last month. A senior Kurdish politician said government statements directed at the Kurdish-led regions of northern Syria were contradictory, noting that the Syrian foreign minister had said in September that Kurdish autonomy demands were negotiable.  One day they say we are willing to negotiate and then someone else denies this or puts out an opposing statement,   Fawza Youssef said in a telephone interview with Reuters.  One of them declares war and the other wants to come negotiate. What is the regime s strategy? Dialogue or war?  After the final defeat of Islamic State in Deir al-Zor,  the situation will drive all the political sides and the combatants to start the stage of negotiations , Youssef said. The SDF has also pushed into Arab majority areas, including Raqqa and parts of Deir al-Zor, where it is working to establish its model of multi-ethnic local governance. Analysts believe the Syrian Kurdish groups could use the SDF-held Arab areas as bargaining chips in negotiations with Damascus.  There is no other option than to negotiate,  Youssef said.  Either a new stage of tensions and attrition will start - which we are 100 percent against - or a stage of dialogue and negotiations will start.  ",1
16013,"As France emergency rule ends, Macron defends new anti-terrorism law","STRASBOURG/PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron defended new security legislation on Tuesday, saying Islamist militants still posed a serious threat to France as a two-year state of emergency comes to an end. The anti-terrorism law, which critics say undermines civil liberties, takes effect on Wednesday, replacing the state of emergency that was imposed in November 2015, when militants killed 130 people in coordinated attacks across Paris. The law gives the police greater powers to search properties, conduct electronic eavesdropping and shut down mosques suspected of preaching hatred than they had prior to the state of emergency. Speaking to the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg, eastern France, Macron said  jihadist terrorism  remained the biggest security threat to France.  Terrorism targets European society and values just as it targets government and state. We are being attacked because of what we stand for,  said Macron, who took office in May.  More than 240 people have been killed on French soil in Islamist-inspired attacks in almost three years. Dozens more have been killed in similar attacks elsewhere in Europe, primarily in Britain and Belgium. The government says the state of emergency has helped intelligence agencies to thwart more than 30 attacks. Many of those emergency powers will now be enshrined in law, drawing criticism from human rights groups.  France has become so addicted to the state of emergency that it is now injecting several of these abusive measures into ordinary law,  Human Rights Watch said before parliament backed the legislation. Macron said the new legislation would be reviewed and adapted as needed two years from now.  We re fighting terrorism with determination and we will continue to do so within the bounds of the law and with the oversight of judges,  Macron said.     ",1
16014,Twelve killed in Mexico violence between suspected fuel thieves,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Twelve people were killed in shootings in the central Mexican state of Puebla in violence linked to warring gangs of fuel thieves, the state attorney general s office said on Tuesday, adding to a mounting death toll from the lucrative trade. Illegal fuel taps and gasoline thefts cost Mexico hundreds of millions of dollars each year. Fighting between the fuel thieves, known as huachicoleros, has this year helped push violence in Mexico to its highest levels since President Enrique Pena Nieto took office at the end of 2012. Authorities found the bodies of four men and a woman in the state capital, also named Puebla, after they were attacked by unidentified gunmen, state prosecutors said in a statement. The bodies of two men were also found in the municipality of Amozoc de Mota just east of the capital, prosecutors said. In addition, five others were killed in a shootout between suspected fuel thieves in Tlaltenango on the northwestern fringe of the city of Puebla, state prosecutors said. All twelve deaths are believed to be the product of disputes between gangs of fuel thieves, and all occurred on Monday, a spokesman for the attorney general s office said. ",1
16015,Russia's Sochi to host Syrian peoples congress on Nov. 18: RIA cites source,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The first congress of Syrian peoples will be held in Russia s Black Sea resort of Sochi on Nov. 18, the RIA news agency cited a source close to the Astana peace talks on Syria as saying on Tuesday. The participants of the congress plan to discuss Syria s future constitution, the source told RIA. ",1
16016,Syrian government says ready to take part in Moscow-backed congress,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The government in Damascus is ready to take part in a congress of rival Syrian parties that Russia aims to host in the Black Sea resort of Sochi next month, Syrian U.N. Ambassador Bashar al-Jaafari said on Tuesday.  He said during a televised news conference in Astana, Kazakhstan, that the congress was a result of dialogue with Syria s Russian allies and of victories in the field.  ",1
16017,South Africa's Zuma asks court to set aside report on influence-peddling,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African President Jacob Zuma on Tuesday asked the High Court to set aside a report by the anti-corruption watchdog on alleged influence-peddling in his government, saying he would instead set up a commission of inquiry into the allegations. The court has been hearing a case brought by Zuma who had challenged the right of the report s author, South Africa s anti-graft agency known as Public Protector, to call for a judicial inquiry to investigate the allegations.  Zuma, 75, who previously described the  State of Capture  report as  unfair  in parliament, said setting up such an inquiry was his prerogative. The report published a year ago recommended a judicial investigation into allegations of systemic corruption by Zuma, some of his ministers and heads of state-owned companies. The report focused on allegations that Zuma s friends, the businessmen and brothers Ajay, Atul and Rajesh Gupta, had influenced the appointment of ministers. Zuma and the Guptas have denied the accusations. In a fresh application on Tuesday, Zuma s lawyers argued that the entire report by former Public Protector head Thuli Madonsela should be set aside.  Should the court grant his application, Zuma would set up a separate commission of inquiry himself within 30 days of the date of the order, court papers presented by his lawyers said. The main opposition Democratic Alliance party opposes Zuma s application, saying it is unconstitutional. It says it wants the court to support Madonsela s recommendation for a judicial inquiry. ",1
16018,Czech election winner Babis to seek minority government,"LANY, Czech Republic (Reuters) - Czech election winner Andrej Babis will attempt to form a minority government after being shunned by other parties, Babis said on Tuesday after meeting the president. The country faces the possibility of months of political wrangling which could put approval of the 2018 budget approval at risk, potentially curbing investments that would help the economy keep growing at least at its current rapid pace. Babis said he hoped to have a new government put together by the Christmas holiday. His ANO party won a parliamentary election this month by a large margin, convincing voters it could deliver a more effective state, weed out corruption and distribute the fruits of economic expansion more fairly. Other parties have refused to back a government that includes billionaire businessman Babis, who is facing fraud charges regarding a 2 million euro EU subsidy. Babis denies any wrongdoing, calling the charges politically motivated. After meeting President Milos Zeman, Babis said he was  very sorry  the other parties had not given ANO a chance in coalition talks.  We will try to form a minority government and will try to convince lawmakers ... of other parties with our programme,  he told a news conference alongside Zeman. Zeman said he would give Babis a second attempt if his first try fails a confidence vote in the lower house. Forming a minority government would require support from other parties as ANO s 78 seats do not make up a majority in the 200-member lower chamber.  Only the Communists have said they could tolerate a minority government. Babis can be appointed prime minister only after Nov. 20, when the newly elected lower chamber of parliament opens its session. It has to elect a speaker before current Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka can vacate the position for his successor. This process could take long as some parties may try to prevent Babis  appointment by blocking the speaker s election.   In 2013, Zeman rejected a majority coalition in parliament after a centre-right cabinet had collapsed, and appointed Jiri Rusnok, the current Governor of the Czech National Bank, as prime minister. His government ruled for half a year without winning a confidence vote. Babis dismissed a suggestion by the head of the conservative TOP 09 party to block the speaker as  destructive and reckless .   The worst thing which could happen is that we would have a blocked parliament and a provisional budget,  he said. If a budget is not approved by the end of the year, a provisional arrangement kicks in, meaning the state would run with the previous year s budget, imposing severe limits on investments and other non-mandatory spending. Czech markets have taken the political uncertainty in their stride, with the crown trading near multi-year highs as the central bank looks set to continue raising interest rates this week. The country of 10.6 million has a history of shaky coalition governments. The outgoing centre-left coalition, led by the Social Democrats and including ANO, is the first in 15 years to finish its four-year term. ",1
16019,Iran says no need to increase missile range as can already hit U.S. forces,"LONDON (Reuters) - Iran has no need to increase the range of its ballistic missiles as they could already reach U.S. forces stationed in the region, the head of the Revolutionary Guards said on Tuesday. As U.S. President Donald Trump seeks to impose new sanctions against Iran s missile program, Major-General Mohammad Ali Jafari said  sanctions would only increase number of Iranian missiles, and their precision . Trump this month refused to certify Tehran s compliance with a deal struck with world powers to curb its nuclear program in return for lifting most international sanctions. The House of Representatives voted last week for new sanctions on Iran s ballistic missile program and Trump has urged U.S. allies to join Washington in taking strong action to curb  Iran s continued dangerous and destabilizing behavior , including sanctions targeting its missile development.  Our missiles  range is 2,000 kilometers (1,200 miles), and that can be increased, but we believe this range is enough for the Islamic Republic as most of the U.S. forces and most of their interests in the region are within this range,  Jafari was quoted as saying by Tasnim news agency.  Americans are trying to impose new sanctions against the Revolutionary Guards for its missile program, but that is an excuse to harm Iran s economy,  Jafari said. Iran has one of the Middle East s largest missile programs and some of its precision-guided missiles have the range to strike Israel. The United States says Iran s missile program is a breach of international law because the missiles could carry nuclear warheads in the future.  Iran denies it is seeking nuclear weapons and says its nuclear program is for civilian uses only. ",1
16020,Lebanese army gets two A-29 light-attack aircraft from U.S.,"HAMAT, Lebanon (Reuters) - The United States delivered two A-29 Super Tucano light attack aircraft to Lebanon s army on Tuesday, a sign of continued U.S. support despite Israeli accusations that the Lebanese military is controlled by Hezbollah.  The planes will be used as armed observation aircraft, a security source in Lebanon said, and represent a big upgrade for the Lebanese Armed Forces (LAF).  Earlier this month, U.S. ally Israel said Hezbollah, an Iran-backed Shi ite Muslim movement, had gained control over Lebanon s conventional military, a charge the Lebanese army denies. Hezbollah, which was designated as a terrorist group by the U.S. State Department in 1997, last fought Israel in a war in 2006. Lebanon is formally in a state of war with Israel.    The significant increase in LAF combat capability that this aircraft represents will ensure that the LAF will remain a national unifying force, a bulwark against extremism and terrorism,  said U.S. Ambassador Elizabeth Richard. The Islamic State militant group held a pocket of land straddling Lebanon s border with Syria until August.  Over the last decade, the U.S. government has invested over $1.5 billion in training and equipment, and has trained over 32,000 Lebanese troops, Richard said.  We have recently announced another $120 million in foreign military financing, which brings the total investment in the LAF to over $160 million just this year,  she said. The United States will deliver another four Super Tucanos to Lebanon.  The two new aircraft - which have advanced combat and surveillance capabilities - will  make a qualitative leap in improving the aerial capabilities of the LAF,  said Lebanese Army Commander General Joseph Aoun. ",1
16021,"Turkey, Iran agree to discuss Russia's Syrian congress proposal","ASTANA (Reuters) - Turkey and Iran have agreed to discuss within the UN-led Geneva process Russia s proposal to convene a Syrian national dialogue congress, the three nations  delegations said in a joint statement after talks in Kazakhstan. Diplomats from the three countries will next meet in Astana, the Kazakh capital, in the second half of December, according to the statement. ",1
16022,Trump has 'warm rapport' with Philippines' Duterte: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has developed a friendly relationship with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, a senior administration official said on Tuesday, despite Duterte s often profanity-laden tirades against the United States.  I think there s a warm rapport there and he s very much  looking forward to his first in-person meeting with President Duterte,  the U.S. official told reporters during a background briefing on Trump s Nov. 3-14 trip to Asia. The two leaders have become friendly during telephone conversations and exchanges of letters, the official said. Trump will travel to Asia amid rising tensions over North Korea s nuclear and missile programs. He will be in Manila on the last leg of his trip, which includes visits to Japan, South Korea, China, and Vietnam, to attend the ASEAN leaders  summit. Duterte has attacked the United States verbally, chiding Washington for treating the Philippines  like a dog,  despite the two nations  longstanding relationship. The Philippines  leader announced his  separation  from the United States during a visit to Beijing a year ago, declaring he had realigned with China as the two agreed to resolve a South China Sea dispute through talks. Duterte is accused by international human rights groups of supporting a campaign of extrajudicial killings of drug suspects in the Philippines, which his government denies. The Philippine leader was infuriated by expressions of concern by members of former President Barack Obama s administration about extrajudicial killings in the Philippines. But Trump, in a phone call to Duterte in May, praised the Philippine leader for doing an  unbelievable job on the drug problem  despite human rights groups  condemnation of Duterte s drug crackdown, in which thousands of people have been killed. ",1
16023,U.S. sees China in 'retrenchment' on move toward market economy: U.S. official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States believes progress with China on a range of trade issues has become more difficult and Beijing appears on a  trajectory of retrenchment,  a senior Trump administration official said on Tuesday. President Donald Trump will insist in upcoming talks with Chinese President Xi Jinping that more balance is needed in U.S.-Chinese trade relations, the official said, briefing reporters ahead of Trump s Nov. 3-14 Asia trip that will include a stop in Beijing. Trump s Asia tour is shaping up to be the longest by an American president in 25 years. With tensions aboil over North Korea s nuclear challenge, Trump leaves on Friday on a trip with stops in Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam and the Philippines. While in South Korea, Trump will speak to U.S. and South Korea troops, but time constraints will preclude a stop at the demilitarized zone, the border region that separates North and South Korea, another senior official said. The official s remarks on the U.S.-Chinese trade relations could herald some friction in Trump s talks with Xi on a state visit to Beijing that comes just as Xi consolidated power in a Communist Party congress. Trump has repeatedly complained about the U.S. trade deficit with China, which was $347 billion in 2016. But he has shied away from taking major punitive trade actions against China. The official said over the long-term China must provide fair and reciprocal treatment to U.S. and international companies and stop  predatory trade and investment practice.   Progress on a range of bilateral economic issues has become increasingly difficult. We believe this reflects a slowdown and even a retrenchment in China s move toward a market-oriented economy,  the official said. On Monday, Chinese Ambassador to the United States Cui Tiankai predicted in a briefing with reporters that  there will be significant outcomes on the economic side  while Trump is in Beijing. Cui said countries cannot look simply at trade balance and imbalance because what is behind those numbers is important and  very complicated.  He called the U.S. trade deficit a  structural problem  that cannot be resolved overnight. While on his trip Trump will also hold his first face-to-face meeting with Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte on the sidelines of the Association of South East Asia Nations summit being held in Manila. Despite a history of anti-American rhetoric, one of the administration officials said Trump and Duterte have developed a  warm rapport.  ",1
16024,Moscow invites 33 Syrian groups to November 18 peace congress in Russia,MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia on Tuesday invited 33 Syrian groups and political parties  to attend what it called a  Syrian Congress on National Dialogue  which it is organizing in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi on Nov. 18. The list of invitees was published on the Russian Foreign Ministry s website.  Russian officials have suggested they hope the congress can consider what a new constitution for Syria might look like and discuss possible political reforms. ,1
16025,Shelling hits besieged Syrian Ghouta school gate after aid delivery,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Shelling killed around ten people, including five children at a school gate, in a besieged rebel enclave near Syria s capital Damascus on Tuesday, a day after a U.N. aid delivery to the area, a war monitor said. The shelling also injured 30 other people in the Eastern Ghouta area, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.  The Britain-based monitor said the ongoing shelling which began Tuesday morning hit the towns of Jisreen, Douma, Saqba, Mesraba, Harasta, Ain Terma, Hazza and Kafr Batna.  On Monday a United Nations and Syrian Arab Red Crescent (SARC) convoy delivered aid to the towns of Kafr Batna and Saqba.     A tightening siege by government forces has pushed people to the verge of famine in the eastern suburbs, residents and aid workers said last week, bringing desperation to the only major rebel enclave near the Syrian capital.  Syrian state television on Tuesday said shells had also hit parts of government-held Damascus, injuring at least five people.      In July, Moscow and rebels in Eastern Ghouta signed a deal to make the area a  de-escalation zone . The agreement raised hopes of open crossings and aid flows.     The aid organisation International Rescue Committee said on Monday the de-escalation zone agreements with rebel areas across Syria were failing to protect civilians.   The safety of civilians has not improved with the establishment of these so-called de-escalation areas. With so many armed groups not covered by ceasefire agreements, we have even seen periods of increased aerial bombardment,  IRC s Middle East Director of Public Affairs Tom Garofalo said. ",1
16026,Kenyan opposition leader calls for petitions against vote won by Kenyatta,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga on Tuesday called for pickets and petitions against an election he boycotted last week won by President Uhuru Kenyatta but stopped short of appealing for mass protests or announcing a court challenge to the result. Odinga pulled out of the vote saying it would be unfair because the election board had failed to implement reforms after the Supreme Court cited procedural irregularities and annulled an Aug. 8 vote that had been won by Kenyatta. Odinga said the Oct. 26 result would not stand but did not announce measures likely to overturn it or force the government to negotiate. He said his opposition coalition would form a people s assembly to study issues of governance and issue recommendations to county assemblies.   The resistance movement shall be responsible for implementing a vigorous positive political action program that includes economic boycotts, peaceful processions, picketing and other legitimate protests,  he said.  This election must not stand .... It will make a complete mockery of elections and might well be the end of the ballot as a means of instituting government in Kenya. It will completely destroy public confidence in the vote,  he said. The ruling party controls a majority in both houses of parliament and most of the 47 county governorships, making it difficult for the opposition to implement its proposals. Odinga s proposals left many of his supporters confused.   I don t understand what he wants,  said Felix Wanga, a 25-year-old waiter who listened to the speech in Kisumu, the western city that forms the bedrock of Odinga s support.   I will have to wait until tomorrow to hear from our local leaders.   On Monday, Kenyatta was declared the winner of the repeat presidential election with 98 percent of the vote, handing him a second five-year term at the helm of the region s richest economy.  In a sign of the tensions raised by the election, Odinga s speech was delayed when the media walked out en masse after his supporters assaulted two journalists, whom they accused of bias. Odinga apologized for the incident.  The election crisis had blunted growth in Kenya, a trade and diplomatic hub for east Africa and a headquarters for multinational companies because of its relatively free market, pro-Western diplomacy and stability. The extended electoral season sparked clashes between Odinga s protesters and police, and in recent days fanned an undercurrent of ethnic tensions that frequently surfaces during Kenyan elections. Reuters journalists confirmed two people were killed in ethnic clashes.  Around 50 people died in political violence after the Aug. 8 elections, and another 14 people since Thursday s vote, according to diplomatic sources. A provisional government tally said nine people had been killed since Thursday. Political violence has shaken the nation before, when around 1,200 people were killed after political protests sparked ethnic clashes a decade ago.  Diplomats and civil society leaders have publicly urged the two leaders to meet and engage in post-election  national dialogue . In his acceptance speech, Kenyatta ruled out the possibility of dialogue with Odinga if the opposition lodged any legal cases contesting his victory. ",1
16027,Nigeria President Buhari plans to expand his cabinet,"ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigeria s cabinet will be expanded to bring in  more people and fresh ideas, for the ultimate benefit of the people of Nigeria , President Muhammadu Buhari said on Tuesday. Government officials have privately raised the prospect of Buhari reshuffling his cabinet since he returned from medical leave in Britain in August, but the presidency had not discussed any changes until Tuesday s comments on Twitter. However, Buhari did not immediately provide any further details, nor mention any potential reshuffle of ministers  current portfolios. The president s relationship with his cabinet has at times been tense. It took him six months to appoint his initial team after he was inaugurated in May, 2015. Ministers have struggled to get access to Buhari since then and some are unhappy with their portfolios, according to people familiar with the situation. A letter from Nigeria s oil minister to Buhari, leaked at the beginning of this month, said he had failed to secure an appointment with the president despite many attempts to do so. ",1
16028,Iraqi preparing to take control of crossing between Kurdistan region and Syria,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - An Iraqi military delegation is preparing to take control of the Kurdistan region border with Syria, an Iraqi military statement said on Tuesday. The delegation headed by the Iraqi army chief of staff, Lieutenant General Othman al-Ghanmi, is visiting the Fish-Khabur triangle formed by the Iraqi Turkish Syrian border, in northwestern Iraq, a statement from the Iraqi joint operation command in Baghdad said. The visit aims to  control the international border  it said, mentioning Iraq s two crossings with Turkey and Syria, respectively Ibrahim al-Khalil and Fish-Khabur.  Iraqi officials told Reuters earlier on Tuesday Iraqi customs officials took control of the Ibrahim al-Khalil main land crossing with Turkey. ",1
16029,Russian submarine fires cruise missiles at Islamic State targets in Syria's Deir al-Zor: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Russian submarine on Tuesday fired cruise missiles at Islamic State targets in Syria s Deir al-Zor province, the RIA news agency cited Russia s defense ministry as saying. The submarine,  Veliky Novgorod , launched three  Kalibr  missiles from the eastern Mediterranean, the agency reported. ",1
16030,Catalan's Belgian lawyer to fight Spanish 'mentality',"TIELT, Belgium (Reuters) - Sacked Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont s Belgian lawyer pledged on Tuesday to fight a Spanish state which he said had abused courts for political ends but which he had defeated in previous extradition cases involving Basques. Puigdemont, who travelled to Belgium after the Spanish state ousted him as head of Catalonia, said he had come to bring his case for independence to the EU, not to seek asylum. But he has engaged Paul Bekaert, a veteran human rights advocate who has represented Basques, Kurds and others in the past.  I know the Spanish reaction very well. I know their psychology and their mentality,  Bekaert told Reuters at the law office where he met Puigdemont on Monday.  Spain is using the courts in Spain and in Belgium to make political statements,  he said.  You cannot use courts in Belgium or in Spain for politics. And that s the case in Spain.  Spain s constitutional court ruled that an independence referendum which Puigdemont s regional government organised on Oct. 1 was illegal. Madrid has since taken direct control of Catalonia and the public prosecutor has accused Puigdemont of rebellion and sedition, crimes carrying up to 30 years in jail.  Puigdemont was considering seeking asylum but it was not certain, Bekaert said.   We have a lot of time to decide,  he said, adding that he could also take on as clients other Catalan leaders, some of whom were with Puigdemont in Belgium.  We will see in the coming weeks what we are doing.  While Belgium has an unusual track record in refusing to extradite Europeans wanted by other EU states, the main reason Puigdemont had come was to address a wider audience for Catalonia s grievances against Madrid, the lawyer said.  He comes to Belgium first of all because it is the capital of Europe. He is here completely legally. He has the right to come here. He is not hiding,  he said.  Bekaert said he was not acting out of political sympathy for the Catalan cause. Puigdemont sought him out in the small town of Tielt in western Flanders for of his 40 years of experience in human rights law, not for any connection to the Flemish separatist movement which gives Belgium a particular interest in Spain s struggles with Basque and Catalan separatists. Since the 1970s, he has travelled as an observer to the Basque country, Northern Ireland and the Palestinian Territories, as well as defending people seeking leave to remain in Belgium.  He said, however, that the increasing use of the European Arrest Warrant (EAW), first introduced in 2004, would make it harder to block extraditions of the kind he had fought for Basques in the 1990s.  While Belgium extradited people suspected of violence and terrorist offences it rejected some cases its judges viewed as  political crimes . But the EAW, which reflects EU assumptions that all member states offer full democratic legal protections, makes the situation today different, Bekaert said.  Since the European warrant, you can make an extradition for a political crime. The exception is no more in the law.  ",1
16031,"German police arrest Syrian suspect, avert 'major terrorist attack'","BERLIN (Reuters) - German police arrested a 19-year-old Syrian suspected of planning an Islamist-motivated bomb attack in Germany with the aim of killing as many people as possible, the federal prosecutor s office said on Tuesday. Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said security officials had averted a  major terrorist attack .  The man, identified as Yamen A., had been in contact online with jihadists including one who described himself as a  soldier of the caliphate , a spokeswoman for the federal prosecutor s office said. Yamen A. was arrested in the early hours in the northeastern town of Schwerin. Police searched his home and also those of other people not suspected of being directly involved.  According to the findings so far, Yamen A. made the decision no later than July 2017 to detonate an explosive device in Germany in order to kill and injure as many people as possible,  the prosecutor s office said in a statement.  As a result, he began to procure components and chemicals needed to make an explosive device. Whether the suspect had already envisaged a specific target for his bomb attack is still unclear,  the office added. He had ordered chemicals over the internet that could be used to make the explosive TATP, short for triacetone triperoxide, the spokeswoman for the prosecutor s office later added. He had also acquired two radios, batteries and a cellphone battery, suggesting he planned a remote-controlled explosion by radio or mobile telephone. There were no indications that he was a member of a terrorist organisation, the office said. It did not say when he arrived in Germany. Chancellor Angela Merkel, who is trying to form a new coalition government after elections last month, has come under fire for allowing more than one million people to enter Germany over the past two years - many of them refugees from Syria. Her  open door  refugee policy saw her conservatives bleed support in the election to the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD), which won seats in the national parliament for the first time. De Maiziere said the raid on the suspect took place  late enough to secure evidence and at the same time early enough to reliably ward off the danger.   The threat situation in Germany remains high. Germany, Europe, the West are in the sights of Islamist terrorism,  he added in a statement. ",1
